Page 1:
SUSTAINABILITY
REPORT • 2022
Affimed N.V .

Page 2:
Dear Stakeholders,
It is my pleasure to share with you Affimed’s inaugural sustainability report. It reflects our unwavering commitment to 
sustainability and the interests of our various stakeholders, including our patients, the environment, and our communities.
As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, our focus is on supporting people by developing innovative cancer therapies. 
We believe it is our responsibility to not only fight cancer, but to do so in an environmentally and socially responsible way. This is 
why we aim to integrate sustainability into our core business strategy, and we are proud to say that we have made significant 
progress towards improving our ESG performance.
Our sustainability report features a range of activities made in the past year. They include:
• Promoting sustainable scientific and community engagement by collaborating with and supporting a range of organizations.
• Working to ensure ethical and sustainable business practices by improving our Compliance Management System and setting 
up an Integrity Line.
• Creating a new Procurement Function to improve our sourcing decisions and our supply chain management.
We are committed to continuously improving our sustainability performance and sharing our progress with our stakeholders. 
In addition to highlighting our 2022 efforts, the report outlines our goals and targets for the coming years. We look forward to 
sharing our progress with you.
Thank you for your continued support as we strive to fight cancer in a powerful new way.
Sincerely,
Adi Hoess  CEO, Affimed
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO


Page 3:
EXPANSION  of
COMPLIANCE  Program•  NEW  • 
Procurement Function 
for improved sourcing
PATENTS GRANTED
17
countries
in
�60,000
Donations made:
NEW  web-based learning 
management system 
TRAINING
for all employees
61.6 %
Female 
Employees
ESG
(Environmental, Social & Governance)
Program
Instituted an
Significant improvement in ISS’s Corporate 
Solutions in their E&S Disclosure QualityScore
83 Patients
6 Countries
sponsored clinical trials
in 4 Affimed
enrolled across
Established collaboration 
to advance development 
of innovative combination 
therapy for lymphomas
CUL TURE DAY
Promoted corporate values with focus  
on innovation through company-wide
4
Published
Manuscripts
at scientific conferences
14
Accepted
Abstracts
5
Invited
Presentations
at industry conferences
Promoted awareness of our data 
and technology through presence 
at notable scientific and industry 
forums and publications including:
HIGHLIGHTS 2022


Page 4:
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Introduction  5
Affimed – We are on a Mission  6
 Affimed in a Nutshell  7
 Our Mission and Vision  8
 Our Culture and Values 9
 Our Scientific Approach  10
 Our Management, Supervisory, and  
Scientific Advisory Boards  11
 Our Pipeline and Clinical Trials  12
 Our Partners 15
 Financial Overview  16
Affimed’s Contribution to Sustainability  17
 Driving the Revolution in Cancer Treatment 18
 Governance for Sustainability and  
Sustainability Management System 19
 Overview Material Sustainability T opics 20
 Our Sustainability T argets and Strategy 21
Environment 22
 Introduction 23
 Hazardous Waste, Emissions/Greenhouse  
Gases (GhG), and Wastewater 24
 Materials, Energy, and Water Use 25
Social 26
 Introduction 27
 Innovative Fight Against Cancer 28
 Quality Management and Drug Safety 29
 Human Rights / Forced & Child Labor 30
 Our Employees 31
 Occupational Health & Safety 33
 Diversity  34
 Training & Education 35
 Ethical Standards and  
Compliance Management System 36
 Community Engagement 39
Governance 40
 Responsibilities and Board Oversight 41
 Supply Chain Management 42
GRI Statement and Content Table 43
List of Abbreviations 48
Forward-looking Statement 49

Page 5:
5
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Introduction
This is the first Sustainability Report (the “Report”) of Affimed 
N.V., Netherlands, (hereinafter “we,” “us,” “our,” “Affimed” or 
the “Company”; Nasdaq: AFMD). The Report describes the 
status and approach of our sustainability efforts and progress 
in accordance with Affimed’s financial reporting period from 
January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, unless otherwise 
stated. It focuses on those sustainability areas that we deem 
of particular importance for Affimed’s business. Unless noted 
differently, the Report is limited to Affimed and its principal 
operational entity Affimed GmbH and, in the Report’s 
Environment section, its Heidelberg headquarters, and does 
not extend to Affimed’s other operations.
We chose to publish this Report with reference to the 2021 
reporting standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
and refer to the GRI Statement and Content T able in the GRI 
section. The Report discusses our sustainability activities in 
the areas of environment, social, and governance (ESG).
The Report has been approved by Affimed’s Supervisory 
Board on April 29, 2023 and has been published on May 8, 
2023. Any questions regarding the Report can be directed to:  
ESG@affimed.com


Page 6:
6
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Affimed in a Nutshell
Our Mission and Vision
Our Culture and Values
Our Scientific Approach
Our Management, Supervisory, and Scientific Advisory Boards 
Our Pipeline and Clinical Trials
Our Partners 
Financial Overview
WE ARE on a MISSION

Page 7:
7
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
We believe that activating the 
innate immune system holds the key 
to providing more patients with the 
opportunity for improved outcomes 
and long-term remission.
Affimed is a Dutch clinical-stage immuno-oncology company 
with its operational headquarters in Heidelberg, Germany, 
and research and development activities in, amongst others, 
Germany, the United Kingdom, other European countries, 
the United States of America, South Korea, and Australia. The 
Company was founded in 2000, is the 100 % shareholder of 
Affimed GmbH and its two wholly owned subsidiaries, namely 
Affimed Inc., Delaware (with offices in New York, NY, and 
Philadelphia, PA), and AbCheck s.r.o., Plzeň, Czech Republic. 
Affimed’s common shares began trading on the Nasdaq on 
September 17, 2014. As of December 2022, Affimed’s largest 
institutional shareholders included Gilde Healthcare Partners 
B.V. (5.44%), BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A 
(5.48%), Ridgeback Capital Investment, L.P. (8.63%), 683 
Capital Management LLC (6.10%), and Baker Bros. Advisors LP 
(4.42%).
Affimed is driven by an experienced team of biotechnology 
and pharmaceutical leaders. We are aiming to create an 
entirely new dimension in cancer treatment and are driven by 
a steadfast goal to keep cancer from ever derailing patients’ 
lives. We believe that activating the innate immune system 
holds the key to providing more patients with the opportunity 
for improved outcomes and long-term remission.
In the reporting period, Affimed achieved revenue from 
research collaborations in the amount of EUR 41.2 million and 
had 190 employees, consisting of 28 part-time employees, 
6 employees on maternity or parental leave and a rate of 5% 
voluntary employee turnover. This compares to revenue of 
EUR 39.3 million and 148 employees in 2021. 61.6% of the 2022 
employees were female and 38.4% were male. 
Affimed in a Nutshell

Page 8:
8
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Our vision is: 
To keep cancer from ever derailing patients’ lives. 
We are devoted to pursuing the potential of the innate 
immune system, giving patients back the chance to fight 
cancer in a powerful way. We aim to create an entirely new 
dimension in cancer treatment, a one-of-a-kind approach for 
revolutionary outcomes.
Our mission reflects our willingness to achieve this goal:  
We are a team of innate immunity experts unrelenting in 
our efforts to change the meaning of cancer. 
Our proprietary technology activates the power of the human 
innate immune system to eradicate tumors. We believe that 
this approach has the potential to help patients who so far 
have been left behind by traditional therapies. We aim to 
revolutionize cancer treatment and make a real difference in 
the lives of patients suffering from multiple types of cancer. 
Our initial clinical results from our lead asset AFM13 are 
promising. They have shown a promising objective response 
rate (ORR) in patients who have undergone numerous earlier 
Our Mission and Vision
lines of therapy that were unsuccessful.  
We are dedicated to continuing our efforts 
to create an entirely new dimension in 
cancer treatment.
“I’m just as optimistic today as the day I began 
at Affimed. We have all the necessary building 
blocks, and we are starting to see how powerful 
NK cells will be in the fight against cancer. It is 
exciting to be part of the creation of something— 
and to help scale it, grow it, and bring it to  
the next level.”
—AndreAs HArstrick, cMo

Page 9:
9
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
At Affimed, we believe that our culture and values are at the 
core of who we are as a company and play a critical role in 
our ability to achieve our mission of developing life-changing 
cancer immunotherapies.
In 2019, we launched our company culture and identified 
those values that are most important to us in a one-day event 
that included speeches, discussions, and activities. We are 
committed to foster the behaviors that align with our five core 
values: TEAMGEIST, PEOPLE, PERFORMANCE, PASSION, and 
INNOVATION.
Since the culture launch event in 2019, we have taken several 
steps to foster the implementation of Affimed’s values. These 
include both internal and external initiatives. T o ensure 
appropriate focus on culture-related topics, a Culture Manager 
was recruited into the Human Resources department in 2020. 
In the same year a T eamgeist Award was created to recognize 
colleagues and teams who provide exceptional examples  
of our culture in action. For 2023, an employee survey is 
planned, and we intend to take appropriate actions based  
on the evaluation of the survey results.
We recognize that our commitment to culture goes beyond 
the normal course of business and into the communities 
in which we live. As such, in 2019 we saw the start of 
our annual participation in the “NCT Run” which is an 
annual fund-raising event organized by the National 
Center for Tumor Diseases 
(NCT) in Heidelberg to 
support cancer research. 
Affimed’s participation 
in the NCT Run includes 
individual runners and teams of 
colleagues.
We understand our values and the 
associated behaviors guide us in how we 
pursue our mission and achieve our vision, 
and we are committed to creating a 
culture that supports that mission. 
We believe that our culture and values 
play a critical role in our ability to attract 
and retain top talent, especially in the current dynamic work 
environment shaped by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Our Culture and Values
PERFORMANCE
The thoughtful approach 
to our strategy with a foucs
to deliver exceptional results.
PASSION
Our heart and soul go into 
the pursuit of our vision, and 
we will persist until patients’ lives  
are no longer derailed by cancer.
INNOVATION
To deliver lif e-changing 
medicines, we have the courage 
to be imaginative in our approach,
and we are convinced that change
must be our constant.
PEOPLE
Embracing diversity of  thinking, 
background, and cult ure where 
everyone is acknowledged 
as a valuable contributor.
TEAMGEIST
United and bound by a common goal  
and committed to working together  
and supporting each other  
with loyalty and enthusiasm.

Page 10:
10
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
We are focused on using the body’s own immune system to 
fight cancer by developing therapies using our proprietary 
ROCK® (Redirected Optimized Cell Killing) platform. The 
ROCK® platform generates potent ICE® (innate cell engagers) 
that enable a tumor-targeted approach that can be tailored 
across hematological and solid tumors. The ICE® molecules 
form a connection with the CD16A (cluster of differentiation) 
receptor on innate immune cells, such as natural killer (NK) 
cells and macrophages, as well as a specific marker on cancer 
cells. Upon establishing this bond, the immune cells are 
activated and release factors that directly eliminate bound 
tumor cells. 
Using the ROCK® platform, we can create customized ICE® 
molecules that help recognize and destroy a wide range 
of hematologic and solid tumors. This has allowed us to 
build a broad pipeline of programs for both single agent 
and combination therapies, some wholly owned and some 
partnered. Our innovative approach has also made us the first 
company to have a clinical-stage ICE®.
The innate immune system can contribute to tumor 
suppression through direct recognition and killing, by 
triggering a strong adaptive immune response, or through 
both mechanisms. However, in patients with certain 
malignancies, the innate immune system may be deficient.  
For patients whose innate immune systems need to be 
reactivated, combining NK cells with ICE® molecules provides 
a powerful and well-tolerated approach to generating 
targeted immune therapy, 
combining ICE® molecules with 
NK cell–based therapy. In a 
recent study, Affimed’s 
most clinically advanced 
ICE®, AFM13, combined 
with adaptive NK therapy 
achieved 94% ORR 
(Objective Response Rate) 
and 71% CRR (Complete 
Response Rate) in heavily 
Our Scientific Approach
CLINICALLY PROVEN EFFICACY IN ADCC*
TOLERABLE SAFETY PROFILE*
HIGH AFFINITY BINDING OF CD16A
NEW EPITOPE ON CD16A
pretreated, relapsed or refractory patients with CD30+ 
lymphomas. This represents a transformative option for 
patients who had few, if any, options before.
Further information on Affimed’s scientific approach can be 
found on our webpage (Affimed’s science and technology).
*Based on AFM13 clinical studies.

Page 11:
11
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Our Management Board, Supervisory Board, and Scientific 
Advisory Board represent a diverse group of experts with 
a wide range of experience and expertise. T ogether, they 
provide a strong foundation for our Company’s growth  
and success.
The Management Board is made up of experienced and 
passionate leaders who are united in their mission to improve 
cancer treatment for patients worldwide under the leadership 
of CEO Adi Hoess, M.D., Ph.D. More information on the 
members of the Management Board can be found on our 
webpage (Affimed’s Management Board). 
The Supervisory Board, responsible for overseeing the 
management of the Company and ensuring that the 
Company’s policies are in line with its mission and goals, is 
composed of established thought leaders and experts from 
the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries and led 
by chairman Dr. Thomas Hecht. More information on the 
members of the Supervisory Board can be found on our 
webpage (Affimed’s Supervisory Board).
In addition, our Scientific Advisory Board includes highly 
distinguished leaders with scientific and clinical expertise 
in innate immunity and oncology who are committed to 
bringing new advancements to the treatment of cancer. They 
provide valuable insights and guidance to the management 
team to ensure that our research and development activities 
are aligned with the latest scientific advancements and in 
line with our mission. More information on the members of 
the Scientific Advisory Board can be found on our webpage 
(Affimed’s Scientific Advisory Board).
Our Management, Supervisory, and Scientific Advisory Boards
andreas Harstrick, M.d.
Chief Medical Officer
adi Hoess, M.d., PH.d
Chief Executive Officer
Wolfgang fiscHer, PH.d
Chief Operating Officer
denise Mueller
Chief Business Officer
arndt scHottelius, M.d., PH.d
Chief Scientific Officer
angus sMitH
Chief Financial Officer

Page 12:
12
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Affimed is developing a broad pipeline of wholly owned 
and partnered ICE® molecules as monotherapies and in 
combination with NK cells or I-O therapy (Immuno-Oncology 
Therapy), to deliver unparalleled outcomes. A number of 
clinical and preclinical programs in development featuring our 
tetravalent bispecific ICE® molecules based on the ROCK® 
platform have already shown favorable safety profiles and 
promising signs of therapeutic efficacy. Our wholly owned 
clinical stage assets are:
• AFM13: a first-in-class ICE® molecule that is being 
developed to help patients with CD30+ lymphomas. It has 
shown promising results in clinical trials for patients as a 
monotherapy and in combination with other treatments.
• AFM24: an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-
binding ICE® molecule that is being developed to target 
EGFR-expressing tumors and has the potential to be safe 
and efficacious in advanced diseases that are resistant to 
currently available treatments. It has shown safety and  
signs of activity in monotherapy and in combination with 
other treatments.
• AFM28: a novel bispecific CD16A/CD123 ICE® molecule, 
designed to deplete leukemic blasts and Leukemic Stem 
Cells (LSCs) through activation of Antibody-dependent cell-
mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC), thereby inducing remission 
and eradicating the residual leukemic cells whose depletion 
is needed to achieve long-lasting remission. It is more recent 
ICE® to advance to the clinical stage with patient enrollment 
initiated in March 2023.
Expanding our pipeline are AFM32 partnered with  Roivant 
(Affivant), a Genentech-partnered ICE® molecule, and several 
ICE® + NK cell combinations—all at the pre-IND stage. 
Between January 1, 2022, and December 31, 2022, a total of 83 
patients in 6 countries were enrolled in our ongoing  
clinical trials.
We are committed to advancing our pipeline and bringing new 
therapies to patients in need. We will continue to prioritize 
the safety of our patients and the integrity of our clinical trials. 
We are continuously monitoring the progress and safety of 
our clinical trials to ensure that we can provide updates on 
our progress and the potential impact of our therapies on 
patients, healthcare providers, and other stakeholders.
Please continue reading for further information on our two 
lead clinical assets, AFM13 and AFM24:
Our Pipeline and Clinical Trials

Page 13:
13
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
AFM13 
Lighting the way with clinical results: we are creating  
success with monotherapies and combination therapies.
AFM13, a first-in-class ICE® molecule targeting patients 
with CD30-positive lymphomas. T o date, clinical efforts for 
AFM13 have focused on patient populations with high unmet 
need, including relapsed or refractory (R/R) peripheral T-cell 
lymphoma (PTCL) and R/R Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) post-
chemotherapy, post-checkpoint inhibitor (CPI), and post- 
brentuximab vedotin(BV). 
AFM13 monotherapy has demonstrated antitumor responses 
in both CD30 high- and low-expressing relapsed or refractory 
PTCL cohorts. T opline data from our Phase 2 REDIRECT study 
were announced in December 2022. The results showed 
that AFM13 can effectively treat patients with peripheral 
T-cell lymphoma that has come back or doesn’t respond to 
treatment, with a beneficial safety profile. The study found 
that AFM13 had solid anti-tumor effects, with a 32.4 % ORR 
which is similar to approved therapies.
In Hodgkin lymphoma, AFM13 in combination with 
pembrolizumab demonstrated promising signs of efficacy, 
including an ORR of 88% at the highest treatment dose as well 
as a CR of 46% (per independent assessment).
Most recently, data from the Phase 1/2 study with The 
University of T exas MD Anderson Cancer Center presented 
in December 2022 provides that AFM13 in combination with 
allogeneic NK cells demonstrated very high ORR and CRR in 
patients with CD30-positive lymphomas. Out of 35 patients 
treated with the recommended phase 2 dose 94% showed 
a response. Strikingly, 71% of the patients experienced 
complete remission after not showing any response to the 
previous line of therapy.
The study results showed that AFM13 in combination with 
NK cells was generally well-tolerated. In particular, there was 
no discontinuation of therapy due to side effects that are 
typically associated with immuno-oncology drugs, such as 
cytokine-release syndrome or neurotoxicity.  
Affimed recently partnered with Artiva Biotherapeutics 
to jointly develop, manufacture, and commercialize a 
combination therapy of AFM13 and Artiva’s cord blood–
derived, cryopreserved, off-the-shelf, allogeneic, NK cell–
product candidate, AB-101. T ogether with Artiva, we are 
committed to bring the innovative combination therapy of 
AFM13 with NK cells to patients in need as soon as possible. 
We are on track to file an IND in the first half of 2023 and 
plan to initiate a clinical study in the second half of 2023, 
dependent upon IND clearance. 
AFM13
NK cell Tumor cell
CD30
target
CD16A
target
Innate cell
engager

Page 14:
14
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
AFM24
Potential to treat various solid tumor types with a more 
acceptable safety profile while remaining immune to the 
challenge of tumor cell resistance against current therapies.
AFM24, an EGFR-directed ICE® molecule, represents a 
distinctive mechanism compared to available immuno-
oncology therapies. AM24 engages innate immune cells by 
recruiting NK cells and macrophages to the site of the tumor 
for effective and efficient tumor-cell killing. The differentiated 
mode of action does not rely on the EGFR signaling pathway 
for tumor killing but instead uses EGFR as a docking site. 
Unlike existing therapies, AFM24 can potentially be used in all 
EGFR-expressing tumors, including tumors that have become 
resistant to signaling inhibition.
Preclinical data of AFM24 indicate promising efficacy across 
a wide variety of solid tumor types, including but not limited 
to lung, colon, pancreatic, and head & neck cancers. Clinical 
data are currently being generated, and if successful, AFM24 
could address a significant patient population underserved 
by current therapies. 
AFM24 is being evaluated in several ongoing clinical studies as 
a monotherapy and in combination with other I-O therapies 
across a range of solid tumor indications. AFM24-101 is the 
monotherapy trial that includes patients with renal cell 
carcinoma, non-small cell lung cancer (EGFR-mutant), and 
colorectal cancer. AFM24-102, the combination study of 
AFM24 with the PD-L1 checkpoint inhibitor atezolizumab 
includes patients with non-small cell lung cancer (EGFR-
wildtype), gastric/gastroesophageal junction cancer, and a 
basket of EGFR-expressing tumors comprising pancreatic, 
hepatocellular, and biliary tract cancer. AFM24-103, 
the combination study of AFM24 with NKGen Biotech’s 
autologous NK cell therapy, SNK01, includes patients with 
non-small cell lung cancer (EGFR-wildtype), squamous cell 
carcinoma of the head and neck, and colorectal cancer. Data 
from all of these studies is expected in 2023.  
Further information on Affimed’s pipeline can be found on our 
webpage (Affimed’s pipeline).
AFM24
NK cell Tumor cell
EGFR
target
CD16A
target
Innate cell
engager

Page 15:
15
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Cooperation is an essential aspect of Affimed’s business and 
an important part of our commitment to sustainability. We 
are convinced that by working together with leading academic 
research institutions, pharmaceutical 
and biotechnology companies, and other 
stakeholders, we can achieve greater 
progress towards our research, business, 
and sustainability goals. Our partners provide us with access 
to technologies, resources, and expertise and allow us to 
expand our reach and impact in the field of biotechnology and 
pharmaceuticals. They support our clinical programs, expand 
our pipeline, and drive the technological advancement of our 
platform. Our partners play an integral role in the success of 
our mission.
By the end of 2022, Affimed established collaborative 
partnerships with several academic research institutions. 
These include partnerships with KTH Royal Institute of 
T echnology and Karolinska Institute (Önfelt Lab), The 
University of T exas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Medical 
Faculty Mannheim of Heidelberg University, Georg-Speyer 
Haus Frankfurt a.M., and University Hospital Erlangen. These 
partnerships allow us to access cutting-edge research and 
expertise in our field and have enabled us to develop new and 
innovative treatments for patients.
In addition to our partnerships with academic research 
institutions, Affimed has partnered with global 
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to 
revolutionize cancer treatment across a broad range of 
tumor types. These partnerships keep our clinical programs 
moving forward, expand our internal pipeline, and allow for 
the technological advancement of our platform—all with the 
goals of realizing the full potential of innate immune cells 
in oncology and changing the lives of patients impacted 
by cancer. Notable partnerships include those with Artiva 
Biotherapeutics Inc., NKGen Biotech Inc., Roche Group, 
Roivant Sciences Ltd (Affivant), Advanced Clinical GmbH, 
Celonic AG, German Hodgkin Study Group (GHSG), Lonza Ltd., 
Lonza Sales AG, and PSI CRO AG. Most of those companies 
and institutions have comprehensive sustainability programs 
themselves and publish sustainability reports.
Integrity and compliance are the foundation of trustful 
partnerships and cooperation. Therefore, we aim to hold 
ourselves and our partners to the highest ethical standards. 
We carefully select our business partners by our Third Party 
Due Diligence (TPDD) process with the goal of ensuring that 
they comply with all laws and principles of ethics, and we 
aim to continue monitoring their compliance throughout our 
relationship with regular TPDD re-qualifications. T o guide our 
partnerships, we have developed the Code of Conduct for 
Business Partners, which outlines Affimed’s ethical principles 
and the expectations we have of our partners, which will be 
discussed further in the Supply Chain Management section.
We recognize the importance of collaboration and 
cooperation in achieving our sustainability goals, and we will 
continue to seek out and establish new partnerships in the 
future. We will continue to work with our partners to share 
knowledge, resources, and expertise to drive innovation and 
improve our sustainability performance.
Our Partners
We hold ourselves and our partners to 
the highest ethical standards.

Page 16:
16
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
The Company has generated €41.2 million in revenue from its 
research collaborations in 2022 and €39.3 million in 2021.
Financial Overview
41.2
2022
Collaboration Revenue (€ millions)Collaboration Revenue (€ millions)
2021 2020
39.3
27.8
98.8
2022
Aﬃmed R&D Spend (€ millions)Aﬃmed R&D Spend (€ millions)
2021 2020
81.5
50
2022 R&D Spend by Product2022 R&D Spend by Product
53%
15%
22%
9%
AFM 13 AFM 24 AFM 28
Other projects and infrastructure costs
2022 2021 2020
Cash Position (€ millions)Cash Position (€ millions)
190.3 197.6
146.9
Affimed continues to invest heavily in R&D. For further details on the Company’s 2022 financial results, 
please refer to Affimed’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F 
filed with the SEC on March 23, 2023, which is available on the 
website of the SEC and on the Affimed website.

Page 17:
17
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Driving the Revolution in Cancer Treatment
Governance for Sustainability and Sustainability Management System
Overview Material Sustainability T opics
Our Sustainability T argets and Strategy
AFFIMED’S CONTRIBUTION  
to SUSTAINABILITY

Page 18:
18
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Affimed has partnered with global 
pharmaceutical and biotechnology 
companies to revolutionize cancer 
treatment across a broad range of 
tumor types. These partnerships keep 
our clinical programs moving forward, 
expand our internal pipeline, and allow 
for the technological advancement 
of our platform—all with the goal of 
realizing the full potential of innate 
immune cells in oncology.
Cancer is a devastating illness that affects not just patients 
but also family, friends, and colleagues. We are committed to 
making a meaningful impact on the lives of cancer patients 
and their loved ones. We believe that we are at the forefront 
of the revolution in cancer treatment and are dedicated to 
advancing our pipeline of clinical stage programs, unlocking 
new possibilities for patients. Our ability to help patients fight 
cancer has the potential to have an outstanding impact on 
public health.
Driving the Revolution in Cancer Treatment

Page 19:
19
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
We recognize the importance of integrating ESG 
considerations into our business operations and the need 
for effective management and strong governance for our 
ESG activities. As such, we have launched an ESG program 
that is coordinated and executed by our Compliance Officer 
and Senior Legal Counsel. Since 2022, when they assumed 
responsibility for actively developing our ESG program, they 
have achieved promising initial results. Early ESG program 
development has included the compilation of an initial 
ESG inventory, an internal workshop with key stakeholders 
(including members of our Management Board), stakeholder 
interviews, development of ESG-related policies and 
initiatives based on Affimed’s material sustainability topics, 
and work towards the publication of this Report. Our Legal 
Department prepares weekly ESG updates to discuss and 
align on our further approach, efforts, and initiatives. Across 
all departments, Affimed is working to embrace a shared 
understanding and responsibility to embed and achieve our 
ESG-related commitments through day-to-day operations 
and governance activities.
At the Supervisory Board level, Affimed’s ESG performance 
was part of the agenda of the June 2022 Supervisory 
Board Meeting. The Compensation, Nomination and 
Corporate Governance Committee of the Supervisory 
Board is responsible for monitoring the development and 
implementation of the Company’s ESG strategy, including 
goals with respect to ESG and sustainability matters. 
The Committee is also responsible for, inter alia, Drug 
Safety, Good Operating Practice (GxP), the Compliance 
Management System, Data Protection, the Information 
Security Management System, and for the remuneration of 
the Management and Supervisory Board. The Committee’s 
charter can be found on our webpage (Affimed’s Charter of 
the Compensation, Nomination and Corporate Governance 
Committee). Going forward, we intend to regularly address 
ESG in future meetings of the Management Board and the 
Compensation, Nomination and Corporate Governance 
Committee of the Supervisory Board.
Affimed is proud that its ESG efforts are being acknowledged 
by ISS Corporate Solutions in their E&S Disclosure 
QualityScore. From January to December 2022, Affimed 
significantly improved its Environment and Social ranking 
from 9 / 7 to 3 / 2, respectively (peer ranking from 1 (best) to  
10 (worst)).
A new Dutch Corporate Governance Code with diverse ESG 
requirements came into force on January 1, 
2023. We plan to continue monitoring the 
developments in the Dutch legislature and 
adapt our compliance and ESG program 
accordingly.
Governance for Sustainability and Sustainability Management System
There is a shared responsibility to 
achieve our ESG-related commitments.

Page 20:
20
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
In the following, we will provide an overview of the material 
sustainability topics that we deem most relevant to Affimed’s 
business. These topics have been identified through an initial 
materiality assessment process according to GRI framework, 
which involved engagement with stakeholders, analysis of 
business operations and risks, and review of industry best 
practices. The topics on which we have chosen to focus 
are those that we believe have the greatest impact on our 
business, our stakeholders, and the environment.
In the following sections, we will describe the actions we have 
taken and plan to take (T argets and Strategy) to manage and 
mitigate the risks associated with these topics in our pursuit of 
a sustainable future.
Overview Material Sustainability T opics
Supply Chain
Management      
Responsibilities &
Board Oversight      
ENVIRONMENT  GOVERNAN CE
Emissions / GhG
Materials & Waste
Energy Use
Water &
Wastewater
Innovation
Quality Management
      & Drug Safety
Patient Safety
Employees
Occupational
Health & Safety
Diversity
      Training
& Education
Ethics & CMS
Community      
Engagement
SOCIAL
Aﬃmed
Material
Topics

Page 21:
21
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
2023 Focus
• Continue driving the revolution  
in cancer treatment. 
• Focus on internal diversity and 
inclusion-related topics
• Develop and conduct employee 
engagement survey
• Reduce environmental footprint
• Reduce travel-related  GhG emissions
• Launch a new procurement policy
While Affimed’s commitment to sustainability has always 
guided and driven us, we began formalizing our ESG 
program in 2022. Since then, we have achieved initial but 
promising results. Based on our materiality assessment, 
we are continuing to further develop and implement our 
ESG action plan. Our aim is to create sustainable, long-term 
value for the Company and all its stakeholders. We intend to 
support this ongoing and iterative process by incorporating 
ESG considerations into our corporate strategy. We plan 
to continue looking for opportunities to build sustainability 
into day-to-day operations, revisit our global environmental 
strategies and targets, and reassess environmental priorities 
as our business evolves.
In 2023, our main focus will remain on driving the revolution 
in cancer treatment. We also have plans to improve our ESG 
progress. With respect to people, we plan to focus on internal 
diversity and inclusion-related topics. We also plan to develop 
and conduct an annual employee engagement survey, with 
a follow-up action plan. Regarding the environment, we want 
to reduce the environmental footprint of our new offices in 
Mannheim and aim to implement measures that make them 
more energy-efficient and environmentally friendly in terms 
of energy mix, waste, and recycling management. We also 
aim to be good stewards of the environment by reducing our 
travel-related greenhouse gas (GhG) emissions. We believe 
our envisaged new sustainable business travel policy and 
associated tool will support this. Last but not least, we plan  
to launch a new procurement policy in 2023, which will have  
a specific focus on environmental sustainability in our 
sourcing decisions.
Our Sustainability T argets and Strategy

Page 22:
22
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Introduction
Hazardous Waste, Emissions / Greenhouse Gases (GhG), and Wastewater
Materials, Energy, and Water Use
ENVIRONMENT

Page 23:
23
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Introduction
Affimed’s Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) Policy, 
which can be obtained from our webpage (Affimed’s 
Environment, Health, and Safety Policy), defines our ethical 
standards for the protection of the environment. We aim 
to reduce our environmental footprint by using resources 
efficiently and minimizing material consumption, waste, 
and emissions through the implementation of sustainable 
practices throughout our business.
We are a biotechnology company focused on the 
discovery, development, and commercialization of cancer 
immunotherapies. So far, we conduct only limited research in 
own laboratories and have no GMP manufacturing facilities, 
which limits our use of materials, energy, and water as well as 
our waste, emissions, and wastewater output. Nevertheless, 
we understand that our operations have an impact on the 
environment, and we plan to minimize this impact through 
sustainable practices, starting with increased transparency.
For this initial Sustainability Report, only partial Affimed 
GmbH environmental data was available. Moreover, 
environmental data presented in this Report may be based 
on estimates extrapolated from data for 2020 or 2021. We 
have started increasing transparency and documentation 
for our environmental impact and plan to develop our future 
reporting accordingly.
PEOPLECUL TURE SCIENCE

Page 24:
24
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
 Affimed GmbH’s laboratory activities are associated with a 
limited amount of hazardous waste, which we estimate for the 
reporting period to be at around 83 kg. 
With respect to GhG, we collected data that allowed us an 
initial estimate of the CO2 emissions of Affimed GmbH’s 
Heidelberg headquarters and certain business travel 
activities. According to the estimate, which is based on data 
obtained from 2020, 2021 and 2022, these emissions amount 
to a total of approximately 1,160t, of which approximately  
750t relate to our headquarters (heating and electricity for 
offices and laboratories, CO2 bottles), approximately 400t  
to business flights and approximately 10t to business trips by 
car and taxi.
On the basis of 2021 data, we estimate Affimed GmbH’s 
production of wastewater for the reporting period at 6,380 m3. 
From 2023, Affimed plans to update its travel policy and 
progressively integrate an enhanced business travel tool, 
which will allow us to better measure, control and minimize 
our travel-related CO2 emissions in accordance with our ESG 
standards. For domestic business trips, the train will become 
the preferred mode of travel.
Hazardous Waste, Emissions / Greenhouse Gases (GhG), and Wastewater
~83kg
Hazardous Waste:
Total Emissions: 1,160 tTotal Emissions: 1,160 t
750 t
HEADQUARTERS
400 t
BUSINESS
FLIGHTS
10 t
CAR & TAXI
BUSINESS TRIPS
~6,380m3
Waste Water:

Page 25:
25
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
According to our initial assessment, Affimed’s most significant 
internal material consumption relates to disposable laboratory 
products. Specific materials data is not yet available. 
For the use of energy, the available data is limited to Affimed 
GmbH’s Heidelberg headquarters (offices and laboratories). 
According to our estimate, based on data from 2021 for 
heating and 2022 for electricity, Affimed’s respective energy 
consumption amounts to a total of approximately 3,400 
MWh. Of this, heating accounts for 3,200 MWh and electricity 
for 200 MWh. We estimate that 29% of the electric energy 
comes from renewable sources.
T o uphold its commitment to environmental protection, 
Affimed GmbH plans to move into a building that has been 
renewed based on ecological construction in accordance with 
LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) when 
it relocates its headquarters to Mannheim, in 2023.
Based on data from 2020 and 2021, we estimate our water 
consumption in Affimed GmbH’s Heidelberg headquarters to 
be around 7,400 m3 for the reporting period. 
Materials, Energy, and Water Use
Energy Consumption
Heating: 3,200 MWh
Electricity: 200 MWh 
TOTAL: 3,400 MWh
(*29% renewable sources)
Water Consumption
TOTAL: 7,400 m³

Page 26:
26
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Introduction
Innovative Fight Against Cancer 
Quality Management and Drug Safety
Human Rights / Forced & Child Labor
Our Employees
Occupational Health & Safety
Diversity
Training & Education
Ethical Standards and Compliance Management System
Community Engagement 
SOCIAL

Page 27:
27
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Innovation begins with a 
problem. The solution starts with  
a conversation. At Affimed, we  
know that the real powers fueling 
innovation are the people and the 
minds that work together in 
courageous exploration, discourse, 
passion, and openness. In the spirit  
of Affimed’s value of PEOPLE, we 
embrace diversity of thinking, 
background, and culture, and 
acknowledge everyone as a  
valuable contributor.
We strive to improve public health by finding new and better 
ways to address certain diseases and optimize treatment, and 
so we believe that sustainability is at the core of what we do. 
Innovation, quality management, drug safety, and patient 
safety all play a crucial role in our effort. Ethical behavior and 
our Compliance Management System are also key. Ultimately, 
Affimed can only achieve its goals through the commitment 
of our employees, and that is why we have provided below 
information on our workforce and on Affimed’s HR programs.
Introduction

Page 28:
28
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Innovation is at the center of Affimed’s mission to revolutionize 
cancer treatment through the power of innate immune cells. 
We are committed to developing new and better ways to 
address certain diseases and optimize treatment for patients. 
T o achieve this, we have created an environment that fosters 
creativity and out-of-the-box thinking.
In 2022, Affimed demonstrated its commitment to driving 
innovation through the publication of four manuscripts, 
including two review articles, and the acceptance of 14 
abstracts at scientific conference presentations. This 
includes 12 poster presentations and two oral presentations. 
Additionally, we participated in five presentations at industry 
conferences (including presentations by our cooperation 
partners if they presented results of Affimed ICE® 
technology).
Affimed (GmbH) received recognition for its innovative 
efforts, including being granted patents in Belgium, Brazil, 
Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, 
Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway, the Russian 
Federation, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the 
United States of America, and by the European Patent Office 
(EPO) in the reporting period. We recognize that innovation 
is essential for achieving our sustainability goals, and we 
are dedicated to fostering an environment that encourages 
creativity, and out-of-the-box thinking to drive new and better 
ways to address certain diseases and optimize treatment. We 
will continue to work with our partners and stakeholders to 
drive sustainable innovation and improve our impact.
Innovative Fight Against Cancer
“I believe in restoring the patient’s 
innate ability to fight cancer.”
—tHoMAs scHlüter, senior ProgrAM director


Page 29:
29
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Affimed has implemented a comprehensive approach to 
addressing product quality, data integrity, and drug safety 
issues that includes a range of state-of-the-art practices, 
routines, and activities, all with the purpose of helping ensure 
compliance with regulatory requirements and protecting 
patients. Affimed’s quality management system is based on 
a strategy comprised of six imperatives, which are Expertise, 
Oversight on Outsourced Activities, Quality Standards, 
Continuous Improvement, Quality Culture and Quality 
Compliance in Programs. 
All technical development and manufacturing activities 
are outsourced to contract development manufacturing 
organizations (CDMOs), which we qualify initially and re-
qualify following a risk-based analysis at the latest after three 
years. We work to ensure product quality beginning from 
the preclinical stage on by applying comprehensive quality 
assurance oversight, which includes audits and quality issue 
tracking at vendors. In 2022 we conducted 32 vendor audits, 
9 of which were at CDMOs, 7 at clinical research organizations 
(CROs), and 4 at clinical sites. Audits are either conducted by 
internal auditors or by external service providers specialized 
on auditing services. 
At each, we put in place a defined process for establishing, 
managing, and tracking urgent safety measures. T o address 
any product-related quality issues raised at clinical sites 
or distribution partners, Affimed has established robust 
processes for managing complaints and recalls, including 
conducting a mock recall every two years to ensure the recall 
process is efficient. Through these processes, we aim to 
report critical quality issues to management immediately. 
Major quality issues and quality Key Performance Indicators 
(KPIs) are reported as part of quarterly written quality reports 
and are presented regularly in Management Board meetings.
Affimed takes steps to comply with legal product and 
service quality requirements such as the European Union 
Good Manufacturing Practice (EU GMP), International 
Council for Harmonization of T echnical Requirements for 
Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) E6 Guideline, Good 
Clinical Practice (GCP) Directive 2005/28/EC, other local 
regulations and the Organization for Economic Cooperation 
and Development Good Laboratory Practice (OECD GLP) 
principles.
Affimed has a quality policy in place, defined in the quality 
manual and signed by the CEO, which outlines the Company’s 
approach to product and service quality and safety issues. 
This policy is supported by a quality strategy 
that includes imperatives and key supporting 
activities, as well as a comprehensive set of 
standard operating procedures (SOPs). The 
Company also has in place an urgent safety measures (USM) 
task force and corresponding safety procedures that are each 
meant to collect, handle, and report any urgent emerging 
safety issues (ESI) in any of the clinical trials sponsored  
by Affimed.
Quality Management and Drug Safety
Affimed has robust processes for 
managing complaints and recalls.

Page 30:
30
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Reliable conduct with integrity 
is an indispensable prerequisite for  
any trusting collaboration. When 
selecting our business partners,  
we make sure that they comply with 
the law, follow ethical principles and 
behave in a sustainable manner.  We 
expect from our Business Partners that 
they commit to Affimed’s compliance 
and ethics standards. Furthermore, a 
comprehensive risk-based integrity 
check of key vendors is required to 
reduce business risks.
We aim  to uphold the highest ethical standards and conduct 
our business operations in a way that support and safeguard 
everyone involved. Affimed grounds its dedication and 
commitment to bringing life-changing treatments to cancer 
patients on the principles set forth in the United Nations 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations 
Global Compact, and the International Labor Organization’s 
Core Labor Standards. Affimed has a Human Rights Policy 
in which Affimed commits to comply with internationally 
recognized human rights. The Policy can be downloaded from 
our website (Affimed’s Human Rights Policy). In accordance 
with this Policy, the Company conducts comprehensive 
employee trainings to further its goal of preventing 
and mitigating the risks that its activities and business 
relationships pose to human rights.
Affimed chooses its business partners carefully to ensure 
that they share our commitment to upholding human rights 
as a fundamental principle in order to minimize the potential 
consequences associated with such abuses. As set out in 
more detail in the Supply Chain Management section, the 
Company has developed a Code of Conduct for Business 
Partners which sets out the expectation that business 
partners must follow Affimed’s values and principles. With 
our Third Party Due Diligence (TPDD) process, we carefully 
vet and monitor our business partners to identify failures to 
comply with our standards.
T o our knowledge, our Company has no direct or indirect 
link with forced, compulsory, or child labor. We expect the 
same from our business partners. The legal minimum age for 
employment is 18 years. Only trainees or apprentices working 
as part of a regulated training scheme are permitted to work 
below this age.
Human Rights / Forced & Child Labor

Page 31:
31
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
We are a team of innate immunity experts unrelenting in our 
efforts to change the meaning of cancer. We acknowledge 
that all colleagues are essential to our success, and we 
employ only the best, those who are capable of providing new 
hope for people fighting cancer. PEOPLE, as one of Affimed’s 
five cultural values, incorporates embracing employees’ 
diversity, background, and culture, and acknowledging that 
everyone is a valuable contributor. Affimed’s team structure 
allows our employees to affect our organizational purpose 
and pursue excellence by acquiring a holistic appreciation for 
the Company’s operations. The satisfaction and engagement 
of our PEOPLE is important to us. Therefore, our Company 
offers its employees the following benefits:
• All of our employees in Affimed GmbH have a pension 
scheme, which may be a company pension scheme;
• Our full-time employees receive a minimum of 28 days in 
Affimed GmbH and a minimum of 20 days in Affimed Inc. of 
vacation time per year  (or proportional days for part-time 
employees);
• Home office or mobile working is optional; 
• We provide a stock option program where stock options are 
issued on an annual basis to all employees; 
• Our employees enjoy bike leasing benefits and subsidized 
public transportation tickets;
• We give a helping hand to our employees who are willing 
to enhance their performance by a transparent annual 
objective setting process with a mid-year review and a final 
assessment at the end of each year; and
• We launched professional development programs and 
initiatives for our employees to maintain satisfaction  
and growth.
Supporting Future Leaders
AffiLead
AffiLead is a leadership development program for Affimed 
employees. It offers, for a minimum of twelve months, 
training modules on the topics of leadership essentials, 
communication and social competencies for leaders, and 
managerial responsibility. AffiLead also includes practice-
oriented training tailored to the respective tasks and 
responsibilities that participating employees may face 
Our Employees


Page 32:
32
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
during work. With the support and involvement of HR and line 
managers, AffiLead helps employees take their leadership 
and technical skills to the next level, creating high performing 
teams and future leaders.
Committed to One Common Goal 
Company Get Together
Maintaining a workforce with a high level of skill is Affimed’s 
top priority. We have implemented a monthly company-
wide meeting where we inform our employees about internal 
company procedures, process developments and strategies. 
These gatherings also provide an opportunity for employees 
to voice any concerns or suggestions they may have, fostering 
a culture of collaboration and open communication. 
We believe that by keeping our staff informed and engaged, 
we can ensure that our efforts are integrated into all aspects 
of our business operations.
It’s All in the Connection
Coffee Talk with the C-Level Management
Affimed encourages employees to participate in Coffee T alk, 
which we plan to continue hosting every few weeks with the 
participation of one Management Board member. Without 
any agenda or minutes, the initiative allows employees to 
communicate with C-Level Managers, who listen with intent, 
without any filter.
Coffee T alk highlights the role of constructive feedback and 
the importance of building on each other’s ideas in Affimed’s 
culture, and enables our employees to have an influence on 
company strategy.
Authentic, Genuine, and Sincere
Buddy Program
The Buddy program pairs newly recruited employees with 
a colleague who will accompany and mentor them during 
their first months at Affimed. With the Buddy program, new 
employees receive a warm welcome and are better able to 
quickly adapt to our business environment.
The program helps inspires candor, trust, and connection.
Engaging employees in Affimed’s culture is essential for 
building a strong, cohesive workforce. We believe that regular 
team-building activities and events help to foster a sense 
of community and shared purpose among employees. 
Additionally, recognizing and rewarding employees who 
embody the Company’s values can help to reinforce the 
importance of these values and encourage others to follow 
suit. T o build a more engaged and motivated workforce, 
Affimed initiated the Affimed Culture activities mentioned in 
the Our Culture and Values section.


Page 33:
33
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
We are committed to maintaining a safe and healthy work 
environment for all our employees. As mentioned in the 
Environment Introduction section, our EHS Policy states 
Affimed’s commitment to ensuring safe and healthy 
workplaces. We regularly review and update our rules and 
procedures to align them with industry standards and comply 
with legal requirements. Our Health and Safety team, working 
on behalf of the Management Board and reporting on a 
regular basis directly to the Chief Scientific Officer, aims to 
ensure that our laboratories meet or exceed legal standards 
for occupational health and safety by expertly checking and 
monitoring for any biological, chemical, or physical risks or 
hazards.
We believe that strong occupational health and safety 
management not only protects employees from injuries and 
accidents but also helps to increase productivity and morale. 
T o provide a safe and healthy work environment for our 
employees, Affimed offers:
• Occupational Health and Safety Initial Training and Fire 
Safety Training during new-hire orientation; 
• Annual Training on occupational health and safety in 
laboratories and Affimed offices;
• Ergonomic workstations and height-adjustable desks; and
• Annual flu vaccinations.
Affimed has an EHS Committee, of which our Chief Scientific 
Officer is a member. 
For 2022, Affimed reports that there were no instances of  
work-related employee injuries or sickness to its knowledge.
Occupational Health & Safety
We are committed to highest 
ethical standards and to conducting 
operations in a manner that protects 
the environment and provides a safe 
and healthy workplace for all. We foster 
a work environment where each of us 
can perform best, innovate, personally 
develop, and support each other.

Page 34:
34
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Affimed is dedicated to providing equal opportunities and 
fostering an inclusive culture that supports a diverse and 
engaged workforce. We strive to make decisions on hiring, 
development, evaluation, and promotion based on merit 
and suitability for the role. Our Company values diversity 
and inclusion in our workforce and does not tolerate 
discrimination based on ethnicity, culture, religion, age, 
disability, race, sexual identity, world view, or gender. We 
believe that creating a sense of belonging and potential for 
growth is essential to our success. We value each human 
for their contributions to the Company as well as for their 
humanity. With respect to gender diversity, Affimed’s ratios  
as of the end of the reporting period are as follows:
• 16.67 % female members in C-Level Management;
• 28.57 % female members in Supervisory Board; and
• 61.6 % female employees overall (including Affimed GmbH 
and Affimed Inc.).
T o embrace diversity in thinking, background, and culture, 
and recognizing the unique contributions of each individual, 
Affimed has developed a Diversity Policy, which can be 
downloaded from our website (Affimed’s Diversity Policy). 
The Diversity Policy calls for the recognition and importance 
of diversity in all areas of the Company’s business. This scope 
of the Diversity Policy is limited to the Supervisory Board, 
Management Board, and key leadership positions. However, 
a Diversity and Inclusion Policy for the entire workforce is 
currently in development. Our Chief Business Officer is 
responsible for developing and leading our diversity and anti-
discrimination policies.
We understand the importance of considering a diverse 
patient population in our clinical trials. While we recognize 
the limitations and challenges associated with achieving truly 
diverse patient representation in any individual study, we are 
committed to making an effort to include a broad range of 
patients, across race, ethnicity and gender, in our trials.  By 
doing so, we aim to ensure that the treatments we develop are 
effective for the diverse populations they are intended  
to serve.
For 2022, Affimed reports no incidents of discrimination to  
its knowledge.
Diversity
“As the Chief Business Officer at 
Affimed, my goal has always been 
to lead by example, and for me, 
that means fostering diversity of 
thought and valuing each human 
being for their contribution.”
—denise Mueller, cBo


Page 35:
35
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Training and educating our employees is crucial for the 
success of Affimed. For employees to perform their duties 
more efficiently and effectively, Affimed provides trainings 
and professional development programs, which we believe 
lead to increased productivity and improved performance. 
Our trainings help us to stay competitive in the market 
by keeping employees up to date on the latest trends, 
technologies, and best practices in clinical trials. We believe 
that training and education are essential for the growth and 
development of both individual employees and Affimed as a 
whole. Each employee also initially receives a comprehensive, 
role-specific training plan that covers compliance and other 
role-specific needs. 
In 2022, Affimed conducted six trainings on compliance 
and ESG policies. These trainings were completed with a 
participation rate of approximately 95% (the remaining 5% 
are caused by maternity leave absences or long-term illness) 
and were documented and archived by our Human Resources 
Department. Some of the trainings provided to our employees 
are listed below. Further educational programs are explained 
in the Our Employees section.
• Onboarding Training including Culture Onboarding on 
Affimed’s guidelines and policies, received by every  
new employee;
• Annual obligatory Anti-Harassment Training for our Affimed 
Inc. employees and a on a voluntary basis for Affimed GmbH 
employees;
• Annual Code of Conduct Trainings; and
• Regular GxP trainings according to regulatory requirements 
and to ensure high quality in the development value chain of 
Affimed products.
A new learning management system (LMS) training is being 
progressively rolled out for trainings on certain policies, 
including with respect to the Code of Conduct, EHS, Gifts 
Entertainment and Hospitality, Human Rights, Compliance, 
Data Protection and on Health & Safety. Since the beginning 
of 2023, web-based, animated Health & Safety and Fire Safety 
trainings have been launched. Further trainings, such as for 
HR, IT Security and other GxP-related topics, will follow in 2023.
Training & Education


Page 36:
36
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Maintaining ethical standards in business practices is vital for 
any organization, but especially in the biotech industry where 
trust and reputation are key factors for long-term success. 
Adhering to ethical principles not only promotes integrity and 
compliance within the company, but also helps to build trust 
with patients, partners, and other stakeholders.
As part of our approach to ethical and sustainable business 
and in alignment with the applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements, Affimed has a robust Compliance Management 
System (CMS) that helps detect and prevent systemic 
misconduct. This system covers various areas ranging from 
fraud, bribery and corruption, third-party misconduct, and 
professional practices to conflicts of interest and other areas. 
The major elements of Affimed’s CMS are as follows:
• Compliance goals and culture;
• Compliance risk assessment;
• Compliance program;
• Compliance organization;
• Compliance training and communications; and 
• Compliance monitoring/improvement.
T o manifest and communicate its standards, Affimed has 
established the below policies and documentation: 
• Code of Conduct that outlines the values and principles of 
Affimed’s business practices and responsibilities that can 
be downloaded from our website (Affimed’s Code  
of Conduct);
• Compliance Policy, outlining the major elements of 
Affimed’s CMS;
• Speak-up Policy, outlining how to report possible 
misconduct and how Affimed will respond to such reports 
that can be downloaded from our website (Affimed’s  
Speak-up Policy); 
• Gifts, Entertainment, and Hospitality Policy, defining 
how gifts, entertainment, and hospitality shall be given or 
accepted at Affimed;
Ethical Standards and Compliance Management System
“Compliance means much more 
than just adherence with laws, 
regulations, and guidelines. 
Compliance is a mindset. Only 
those who act responsible can 
achieve sustained success over  
the long term.”
—susAnne sPieler, VP generAl counsel &  
   coMPliAnce officer


Page 37:
37
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
• Interactions and Engagements with Healthcare 
Professionals Policy, providing guidance for the interactions 
between Affimed and healthcare professionals to ensure 
compliance with applicable healthcare laws and prevent 
corruption;
• Insider Trading Policy, setting the rules to avoid illegal  
insider trading;
• Disclosure Policy, helping ensure compliant communication 
of business information to the financial market and other 
stakeholders; and a
• Code of Conduct for Business Partners, setting out 
standards and expectations for Affimed’s business partners 
that can be downloaded from our website (Affimed’s Code 
of Conduct for Business Partners).
We believe that Affimed’s CMS, which is linked to Affimed’s 
enterprise risk management and internal controls system, 
minimizes the risk of compliance violations and their effects. 
As a publicly traded company in the United States of America, 
Affimed also complies with Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
(SOX) and has put in place strong internal controls to detect 
and prevent fraud, including providing Management’s Annual 
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and 
related officer certifications in annual Exchange Act reporting 
and maintaining adequate disclosure controls. 
T o maintain integrity with Business Partners, Affimed’s Code 
of Conduct in particular strictly prohibits all forms of bribery 
or corruption and any business conduct that could create 
the appearance of improper influence. All of our Company’s 
international commercial operations are subject to anti-
corruption regulations, such as the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and 
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. Additionally, 
Affimed is also subject to anti-trust laws that are designed to 
protect fair competition. Our Code of Conduct describes anti-
competitive behaviors that Affimed prohibits for employees.
At Affimed, everyone is encouraged to speak up and report 
concerns regarding non-compliance or unethical conduct. 
Reports are given strict confidentiality and can be made in 
person or anonymously. Affimed does not tolerate retaliation 
against any employee who reports a concern in good faith 
either internally, to any governmental agency or to any self-
regulatory organization. In order to ensure compliance at all 
levels and within all sectors at Affimed, we have instituted 
an anonymous Integrity Line. Our anonymous Integrity Line 
is open to employees, business partners of Affimed, and 
all other stakeholders and can be found on our website  
(Affimed’s Integrity Line). In the reporting 
period, no report was submitted to the 
Integrity Line to our knowledge. However, 
one case of a conflict of interest was brought 
to the attention of the Compliance team through an external 
channel. The case was reviewed, reported to the Management 
Board, and all necessary actions were taken. 
With respect to data, Affimed aims to fully comply with 
applicable data privacy laws, including the General Data 
Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). We have 
implemented strict policies and procedures aimed at 
protecting personal data, including the data obtained from 
clinical trials, in part by implementing data encryption 
and access controls. We aim to be transparent about our 
At Affimed, everyone is encouraged to 
speak up and report concerns.

Page 38:
38
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
data collection and retention practices and to always give 
individuals the right to access, correct, and delete their 
personal data. Our commitment to compliance includes 
prioritizing the protection of personal data and the trust of 
our business partners. In the reporting year, there were no 
substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of 
data privacy to our knowledge.
2021 and 2022 were years of accelerated development and 
change for Affimed’s CMS. The General Counsel, who reports 
to Affimed’s CEO, assumed the role of Compliance Officer, 
replacing the prior Head of Compliance function. Since then, 
the Compliance team has been integrated into the Legal 
Department. It accordingly has benefited from increased 
resources, and the business has benefited from seamless 
support on legal and compliance topics. Also, a Senior Legal 
Counsel, who is supporting the Compliance Officer in her 
duties, joined Affimed GmbH and the Legal Department. 
During the reporting period, Affimed updated or newly 
created several of the above-mentioned Compliance policies, 
significantly updated its business partner management and 
TPDD Process (see Supply Chain Management section), 
implemented the Integrity Line, drafted an initial annual 
report on the Affimed CMS which was submitted to the 
Management Board and Supervisory Board, and established a 
new Compliance Committee. This Committee is a permanent 
cross-functional committee tasked with helping ensure that 
Affimed operates and engages in activities in accordance 
with all applicable laws and upholds the highest standards of 
integrity. Moreover, the Compliance team has also assumed 
responsibility for oversight of certain ESG functions.

Page 39:
39
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
We are committed to responsible and sustainable community 
engagement. We work hard to recognize and meet the needs 
of the communities in which we operate and to interact with 
stakeholders and learn about their priorities and concerns. 
Affimed has put in place several community-related 
activities and strives to continuously improve its community 
engagement.
In particular, we support organizations that are trying to 
revolutionize cancer treatment. Affimed proudly made 
significant donations and sponsorship payments to various 
philanthropic organizations in a total of EUR 60,000 during 
this reporting period. 
Affimed also supported organizations in its local community, 
such as the German Leukemia Research Aid-Action for 
children with cancer (Deutsche Leukämie-Forschungs-Hilfe 
-Aktion für krebskranke Kinder- Ortsverband Mannheim e.V.) 
in Mannheim, with a donation of EUR 4,000 to support the 
goal of offering physiotherapy for children with cancer. Finally, 
Affimed contributed to the yearly NCT run and sponsored the 
charity event “Rowing against 
Cancer,” raised donations 
for both events in a total 
of EUR 5,600.
Apart from organizations 
working for cancer 
treatment, Affimed made 
additional donations in a 
total of EUR 6,000 to the Polish 
Humanitarian Action and the German 
Red Cross to help the victims of  
humanitarian crises.
As a matter of principle, Affimed does not 
knowingly make financial contributions 
to political parties or associations.
 Community Engagement


Page 40:
40
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
Responsibilities and Board Oversight
Supply Chain Management
GOVERNANCE

Page 41:
41
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
A fundamental element of Affimed’s corporate governance 
is its two-tier system, with a separation of the Management 
Board — which is responsible for the management of the 
Company and the general conduct of the Company’s 
business, including the establishment, regular oversight, and 
continuous development of the CMS, and the Supervisory 
Board — which is composed of 85.71% independent members, 
each serving a 3 year term, and is tasked with supervising the 
policies pursued by the Management Board and with general 
oversight of the Company and its business. An English-
language translation of Affimed’s articles of association 
can be downloaded at our website (Affimed’s Articles of 
Association). The rules governing the Management Board can 
be found on our website (Affimed’s Managing Board Rules). 
T o ensure effective oversight, the non-executive Supervisory 
Board has established four committees: the Audit Committee 
(100% independent members), the Compensation, 
Nomination, and Corporate Governance Committee, the 
Strategic Committee, and the Research and Development 
Committee. The charters of these committees can be 
downloaded at our website (Audit Committee Charter, 
Compensation, Nomination and Corporate Governance 
Committee Charter, Strategic Committee Charter and 
Research and Development Committee Charter). The 
Compensation, Nomination, and Corporate Governance 
Committee is responsible for the remuneration of the 
Management and Supervisory Boards. The respective policies 
can be downloaded on our websites (Management Board 
Renumeration Policy, Supervisory Board Renumeration 
Policy).  The Compensation, Nomination, and Corporate 
Governance Committee is also responsible for, i.a., 
overseeing the CMS established by the Management Board 
and monitoring the development and implementation of the 
Company’s ESG strategy, including any goals with respect to 
ESG and sustainability matters. 
A new policy governance framework is currently being 
developed and implemented by Affimed. This new framework 
aims to ensure that all documents related to policies 
are organized in a hierarchical manner, and that suitable 
terminology is applied consistently. As a result, Affimed aims 
to implement a policy management process that is effective 
and efficient, and to improve the consistency and clarity of its 
compliance related communications.
Responsibilities and Board Oversight

Page 42:
42
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
In 2022, Affimed set up a new Procurement function. Its 
mission is to streamline all procurement activities throughout 
its value chain, end to end, and to ensure clear, simple, 
well-governed, compliant, and documented processes 
and operating procedures, which will be supported by a 
procurement policy, data transparency, accurate master 
data and fit for purpose systems, toolkits, and templates. 
Applicable SOPs will help align vendor qualifications, 
approvals, and requalification with GxP.
Reliable conduct with integrity is an indispensable 
prerequisite for any trusting collaboration. When selecting our 
business partners, we therefore utilize our recently updated 
risk-based TPDD Process to determine whether they meet 
our strict requirements. The TPDD Process applies to those 
“in-scope” business partners that we deem to pose increased 
compliance risk. For all such in-scope business partners, the 
internal contract owner needs to complete the TPDD Process 
before concluding or renewing a contract.
The TPDD Process is comprised of questionnaires that 
include questions on a range of topics, including ESG 
risks and considerations, which is sent to prospective 
business partners; searches in databases; an evaluation of 
questionnaire responses by the Compliance team; review 
of a list of risk indicators (“red flags”); an approval process; 
and communication of the Code of Conduct for Business 
Partners. New business partners are expected to declare any 
actual or prospective conflicts of interest in their engagement 
with Affimed. If a business partner fails to comply with our 
standards, Affimed will not enter into a business relationship 
or reserves the right to terminate the relationship. T o this 
date, Affimed believes that its business partners meet its 
standards. Furthermore, Affimed has not identified any 
business partner at which the right to freedom of association 
and collective bargaining may be at risk.
Although we are not currently subject to the law, Affimed will 
strive to align its operations and governance with the principles 
of the new German Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz 
(Supply Chain Act).
Supply Chain Management


Page 43:
43
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
The following table is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative standards.
GRI Content Index 
Statement of use: Affimed has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period 01.01.2022–12.31.2022 with reference to the GRI Standards.
 GRI 1 used  GRI 1: Foundation 2021
 GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE  LOCATION
  GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021   2-1  Organizational details Introduction, pg 7 
  2-2  Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting Introduction, pg 7
  2-3  Reporting period, frequency and contact point Introduction
  2-6  Activities, value chain and other business relationships pgs 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 20, 21, 28, 29, 39, 42
  2-7  Employees pg 7
  2-8  Workers who are not employees pg 7
  2-9  Governance structure and composition pgs 11, 19, 34, 41
  2-10  Nomination and selection of the highest governance body pgs 34, 41
  2-11  Chair of the highest governance body pg 11
  2-12  Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts Introduction, pgs 11, 19, 41
  2-13  Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts pgs 19, 41
GRI Statement and Content T able

Page 44:
44
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
  2-14  Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting Introduction, pgs 19, 41
  2-15  Conflicts of interest pgs 30, 36, 41
  2-16  Communication of critical concerns pgs 36, 42
  2-19 Remuneration policies pg 41
  2-20  Process to determine remuneration pg 41
  2-22  Statement on sustainable development strategy CEO Message
  2-23  Policy commitments pgs 19, 21, 23, 24, 29, 30, 33, 34, 35, 36, 41, 42
  2-24  Embedding policy commitments pgs 19, 24, 29, 30, 33, 34, 36, 41, 42
  2-26  Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns pgs 31, 36, 42
  2-27  Compliance with laws and regulations pg 36
  2-29  Approach to stakeholder engagement pg 39
 GRI STANDARD  DISCLOSURE  LOCATION
  GRI 3: Material T opics 2021   3-1  Process to determine material topics pg 20
  3-2  List of material topics pg 20
  3-3  Management of material topics pgs 19, 29, 33, 36, 41, 42
 GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016   205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption pgs 36, 42
  205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures pgs 35, 36 

Page 45:
45
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
  205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken pg 36
 GRI STANDARD  DISCLOSURE  LOCATION
 GRI 206: Anti-competitive    
 Behavior 2016    206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices pg 36
 GRI 302: Energy 2016   302-1 Energy consumption within the organization pgs 24, 25
  302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization pg 24
  302-4 Reduction of energy consumption pg 25
  302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services pgs 21, 25
  GRI 303: Water and   
  Effluents 2018   303-5 Water consumption pg 25
 GRI 305: Emissions 2016   305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions pg 24
  305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions pg 24
  305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions pg 24
 GRI 306: Waste 2020   306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts pgs 24, 25
  306-3 Waste generated pg 24

Page 46:
46
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
 GRI STANDARD  DISCLOSURE  LOCATION
 GRI 401: Employment 2016   401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover pg 7
  401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary  
   or part-time employees pg 31
  401-3 Parental leave pg 7
 GRI 403: Occupational   
 Health and Safety 2018    403-1 Occupational health and safety management system pg 33
  403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation pg 33
  403-3 Occupational health services pg 33
  403-9 Work-related injuries pg 33
  403-10 Work-related ill health pg 33
 GRI 404: Training and   
 Education 2016   404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs pgs 31, 35
  404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and  
   career development reviews pg 31
 GRI 405: Diversity and Equal   
 Opportunity 2016   405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees pgs 7, 34

Page 47:
47
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
 GRI STANDARD  DISCLOSURE  LOCATION
 GRI 406:   
 Non-discrimination 2016    406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken pg 34
 GRI 407: Freedom of Association     
 and Collective Bargaining 2016   407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association  
   and collective bargaining may be at risk pg 42
 GRI 408: Child Labor 2016   408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor pg 30
 GRI 409: Forced or   
 Compulsory Labor 2016   409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor pg 30
 GRI 413: Local Communities 2016   413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments,  
   and development programs pgs 9, 39
 GRI 415: Public Policy 2016   415-1 Political contributions pg 39
 GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016   418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and  
   losses of customer data pg 36

Page 48:
48
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
ADCC Antibody-dependent Cell-mediated Cytotoxicity
BV Brentuximab Vedotin
CD Cluster of Differentiation 
CDMO Contract Development and Manufacturing 
Organization
CEO Chief Executive Officer
CMS Compliance Management System
CPI Checkpoint Inhibitor
CRO Clinical Research Organizations
CRR Complete Response Rate
EGFR Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor
EHS Environment, Health, and Safety
EPO European Patent Office
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
ESI Emerging Safety Issues
EU GMP European Union Good Manufacturing Practice
FDA U.S. Food and Drug Administration
GCP Good Clinical Practice
GDPR General Data Protection Regulation
GhG Greenhouse Gases
GLP Good Laboratory Practice
GMP  Good Manufacturing Practice 
GRI Global Reporting Initiative
GxP Good Operating Practice
HIPAA Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
HL Hodgkin Lymphoma
HR Human Resources
ICE® Innate Cell Engager (molecules)
ICH International Council for Harmonization of T echnical 
Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use
IND Investigational New Drug 
I-O 
Therapy Immuno-Oncology Therapy
ISS Institutional Shareholder Services
KPI Key-Performance-Indicator
LEED Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
LLS Leukemia & Lymphoma Society
LMS Learning Management System
LSC Leukemic Stem Cells
NCT National Center for Tumor Diseases
NK Natural Killer
ORR [Overall/Objective] Response Rate
PD-L1 Programmed Death-Ligand 1
PTCL Peripheral T-cell Lymphoma
ROCK® Redirected Optimized Cell Killing
R/R Relapsed or Refractory
SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
SOP Standard Operating Procedures
SOX Sarbanes-Oxley Act
TPDD Third Party Due Diligence
USM Urgent Safety Measures
List of Abbreviations

Page 49:
49
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
This Report contains forward-looking statements. All 
statements other than statements of historical fact are 
forward-looking statements, which are often indicated by 
terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” 
“expect,” “goal,” “intend,” “look forward to,” “may,” “plan,” 
“potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “will,” “would” and 
similar expressions. Forward-looking statements appear 
in a number of places throughout this Report and include 
statements regarding the Company’s intentions, beliefs, 
projections, outlook, analyses and current expectations 
concerning, among other things, the potential of AFM13, 
AFM24, AFM28 and the Company’s other product candidates, 
the value of its ROCK® platform, its ongoing and planned 
preclinical development and clinical trials, its collaborations 
and development of its products in combination with other 
therapies, the timing of and its ability to make regulatory 
filings and obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for its 
product candidates, its intellectual property position, its 
collaboration activities, its ability to develop commercial 
functions, clinical trial data, its results of operations, cash 
needs, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, future 
transactions, growth and strategies, the industry in which it 
operates, the macroeconomic trends that may affect the 
industry or the Company, such as the instability in the banking 
sector experienced in the first quarter of 2023, impacts of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the benefits to Affimed of orphan drug 
designation, the impact on its business by political events, 
war, terrorism, business interruptions and other geopolitical 
events and uncertainties, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict,  
the success of the Affimed-Artiva partnership, including in 
relation to the fact that the current clinical data of AFM13 
in combination with NK cell therapy is based on AFM13 
precomplexed with fresh allogeneic cord blood-derived 
NK cells from The University of T exas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, as opposed to AB-101, which is a cryopreserved 
allogeneic cord blood-derived NK cell that we anticipate will 
be co-administered with AFM13; our reliance on our current 
strategic relationships with NKGen Biotech, Roivant, Artiva, 
The MD Anderson Cancer Center, and Genentech and the 
potential failure to enter into new strategic relationships 
or difficulties with our strategic partners that may slow the 
progress of our joint development or lead to the termination 
of a partnership and the need to enter into a new one, all 
of which could take substantial time and attention of our 
management team; and other uncertainties and factors, 
described under the heading “Risk Factors” in Affimed’s 
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(see Affimed’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
Filings). Given these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, 
you should not place undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements, and the Company assumes no obligation 
to update these forward-looking statements, even if new 
information becomes available in the future.
In addition, statistics and metrics presented in this Report 
relating to ESG matters are estimates and may be based on 
assumptions or developing standards. 
In this Report, we are not using terms such as “material” or 
“materiality” as they are used under the securities or other 
laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, or as they 
are used in the context of financial statements and financial 
reporting. Materiality, for the purposes of this document 
Forward-looking Statement

Page 50:
50
AFFIMED N.V.  SUST AINABILITY REPORT 2022
should not, therefore, be read as equating to any use of the 
word in other Company reporting. Additionally, terms such 
as “ESG,” “impact” and “sustainability” can be subjective 
in nature, and there is no representation or guarantee that 
these terms will reflect the beliefs, policies, frameworks, or 
preferred practices of any particular investor or other third 
party or reflect market trends. Any ESG goals, targets or 
objectives outlined in this Report are, unless explicitly stated 
otherwise, purely voluntary, not binding on our business and/
or management and do not constitute a guarantee, promise 
or commitment regarding actual or potential achievements 
or outcomes. Similarly, there can be no assurance that our 
ESG-related policies and procedures as described in this 
Report will continue; such policies and procedures could 
change, even materially. We are permitted to determine in 
our discretion that it is not feasible or practical to implement 
or complete certain of our ESG initiatives, policies, and 
procedures based on cost, timing, or other considerations.
Certain information and data contained herein may have 
been obtained from third parties. We have not independently 
verified the data from these third-party sources. While these 
third-party sources are believed to be reliable, we make no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect 
to the accuracy, fairness, reasonableness, or completeness 
of any of the information contained herein, and we expressly 
disclaim any responsibility or liability therefor.

Page 51:
Affimed N.V.
T echnologiepark
Im Neuenheimer Feld 582
69120 Heidelberg, Germany
Phone: +49-(0)6221-6743-60
Fax: +49-(0)6221-6743-649
ESG@affimed.com

