Page 1:
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
Responsible
retailing

Page 2:
Setting the scene: 
Where we  
are today
Company profile 03
Message from our CEO 04
Our company strategy – 
Reshaping Retail  
framework 05
Our value chain 06
Responsible Retailing 
Scorecard 07
2011-2015 highlights 09
Looking forward: 
2016-2020 
Trends and challenges 1 1
Engaging with  
our stakeholders 12
Materiality matrix 14
Responsible  
Retailing 2020 15
Looking back: 
Our performance  
in 2015
Healthy living 17
Community well-being 21
Our people 26
Responsible products 32
Care for the environment 37
Performance 
and approach 
Our governance structure 43
Scope of reporting 44
Reporting process 45
Awards and external 
benchmarks 46
Detailed performance 47
External assurance report 56
Other 
information 
Glossary 60
Contact us 62
Cautionary notice 62
Welcome!
Welcome to Ahold’s 2015 annual Responsible 
Retailing Report. In this report, we show you how 
we create a positive impact for our stakeholders 
and our business, while managing the economic, 
environmental, and social challenges we are facing. 
Throughout our businesses and operations, we take 
full responsibility for our actions and the effect they 
have on the world around us. 
We invite you to explore our ambitions, successes 
and challenges in 2015, and over the past 
five years of our Responsible Retailing strategy. 
Looking ahead, we will also introduce our 
strategy for the next five years. 
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
01
In this year’s report


Page 3:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
02Setting the scene: Where we are today
Where we  
are today
Company profile 03
Message from our CEO 04
Our company strategy –  
Reshaping Retail framework 05
Our value chain 06
Responsible Retailing Scorecard 07
2011-2015 highlights 09

Page 4:
Joint venture
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
03Company profile
We are Ahold...
We are an international retailing group based 
in the Netherlands and serving customers in the 
United States and Europe.
Our strong and trusted local consumer brands, 
millions of loyal customers, and dedicated associates 
make us leaders in our markets. Selling great food 
has been our core business for 129 years.
Today, we have evolved to meet the changing 
preferences of shoppers through our omni-channel 
offering. Customers can shop whenever and however 
is most convenient for them – by means of our 
great network of stores and market-leading online 
businesses. In every channel, we offer them all the 
right choices, with great quality and value and an 
easy and inspiring shopping experience.
We are committed to being a responsible retailer 
and an even better neighbor by making meaningful 
contributions in all our communities. We support the 
health and well-being of our customers, associates 
and local communities, source our products 
responsibly and care for the environment.
Our people make it possible for us to do all this. 
They are passionate about serving our customers and 
work hard to get better every day. The relationships 
they develop with customers build their loyalty and 
are an important part of why they keep coming 
back to shop with us.
Our proposed merger with Delhaize Group will 
enable us to create an even better and more 
innovative retail leader for our customers, associates 
and shareholders worldwide.
Our scale and reach
Group financial highlights
Read more detail: 
See the Annual Report
The Netherlands
Stores serving customers in five countries
Associates
Serving a trade area population of around 
Strong and trusted omni-channel retailer, with net consumer online sales 
Our markets and brands
Germany
Belgium
Czech Republic
Ahold USA
3,253 90m+
236,000
 €1. 8 b n
Portugal
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
845
1,051
1,109
1,055
1,184
Free cash /f_low
€ million
€1.2bn
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
1,377 1,412 1,379
1,267
1,461
Underlying operating income
€ million
€1.5bn
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
30,098
32,682 32,615 32,774
38,203
Net sales
€ million
€38.2bn
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
0.40
0.44
0.47 0.48 0.
Dividend per common share
€
€0.52

Page 5:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
04Message from our CEO
Dear stakeholders,
By 2050, the global population is expected to rise 
more than 25% to around nine billion people, all 
of whom will need sustainable, safe, affordable, 
nutritious food and other items, produced and 
supplied using fewer resources on the same 
amount of land or less. As a health-conscious and 
environmentally-focused food retailer, Ahold has 
the scope – and the commitment – to help create 
a resilient society that is fit for the future. 
A society fit for the future
Helping to make our planet a better, healthier and 
more resilient place is a commitment we take seriously 
and a responsibility we embrace. We are working 
hard to make healthy and more sustainable products 
more accessible to our customers, and are one of the 
largest grocery providers of food to those in need in 
our local communities. We have taken significant steps 
to ensure responsible sourcing practices throughout 
our supply chain and are driving significant reductions 
in carbon emissions and solid waste throughout our 
operations. At the same time, we remain committed to 
being a great place to work, supporting our dedicated 
associates to become the best they can be.
For Ahold, being successful and responsible go hand 
in hand. In 201 1, we introduced our 201 1-2015 
Responsible Retailing strategy, outlining a set of targets 
to make sure our stores became a better place to 
shop, a better place to work and a better neighbor. 
I am pleased to report that we have achieved nearly 
all of our targets and am proud to share some specific 
results in our priority areas: healthy living, community 
well-being, our people, responsible products and care 
for the environment. 
Performance highlights 201 1-2015
To deliver on our ambition to make it easy for our 
customers to make healthy food choices we expanded 
our range of healthy products. We also established 
ourselves as a source of inspiration for busy families 
looking for delicious, nutritious meals. 25.0% of our 
total food sales already come from healthier products, 
and in many of our markets, we are seen as the 
number one mainstream retailer for healthy choices. 
In our communities, we strive to be a catalyst for 
positive change. As a major retailer we continue to 
make fresh, nutritious and affordable food available 
to people in underserved neighborhoods. We also 
continuously expand our support to food banks, 
donating over $10 million of protein-rich food via our 
“Meat the Need” program in 2015. 
Our workforce is a community, too, of skilled, 
dedicated and caring men and women driven to make 
a difference for our customers. We recognize that by 
creating a culture that fosters initiative and facilitates 
development we will strengthen our competitive edge. 
These past few years, we have piloted and rolled out 
innovative performance management programs that 
allow associates to explore their career interests and 
manage their progression. We also expanded our 
healthy living programs with associate-initiated events. 
Behind every product we sell there is a story: where 
the raw materials are grown; what resources are 
needed to create them; how we buy, move and sell 
them. Between 201 1 and 2015 we worked hard to 
increase visibility of our own-brand supply chain and 
I commend our sourcing and quality departments 
on the progress we have made. We mapped the 
last production stages of our own-brand suppliers, 
enhanced the quality of our products and gave 
customers more insight into the origin and ingredients 
of the food they buy from us. In seeking to protect the 
resources we depend on, we have ramped up our 
efforts in sourcing critical commodities such as palm oil, 
soy, seafood, coffee, tea and cocoa. While we have 
more to do, I am proud to be one of the few retailers 
to tackle all six of these commodities simultaneously.
At last year’s historic Paris climate conference, 
195 countries adopted the first-ever universal, legally 
binding climate agreement. We are pleased with 
this global push. In 2015, we reduced the carbon 
footprint of our operations by 25.8% against our 
2008 baseline. As we drive to achieve “zero-waste-to-
landfill” by 2020, we have spearheaded a number of 
groundbreaking new initiatives, including our very first 
anaerobic digester system in the U.S. that turns food 
waste into energy.
Looking forward to our future
Our achievements are helping us lay the foundation 
for our 2020 ambition to “make a positive impact on 
the lives of millions.” To deliver on this ambition, we 
will show leadership and vision in the areas of health, 
community well-being and responsible sourcing. 
We will step up our efforts to improve and reformulate 
our offerings, introduce new healthy and sustainable 
product innovations at affordable prices, increase our 
support to local communities and further reduce the 
environmental footprint of our operations. We envision 
that our proposed merger with Delhaize – which we 
expect to be completed by mid-2016 – will encourage 
innovation and a competitive advantage that will 
benefit our customers, associates, shareholders and 
communities. Furthermore, we are committed to the UN 
Global Compact, and this report includes an update 
of our performance against these principles.
Thank you
Finally, none of this would be possible without 
our 236,000 dedicated associates who care for 
customers and put our commitments into practice every 
day. Their hard work and commitment are what make 
Responsible Retailing possible.
 
Dick Boer 
Chief Executive Officer
Zaandam, March 2, 2016


Page 6:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
05Our company strategy – Reshaping Retail framework
Our values
Putting the customer first; Doing what’s right; Winning together;  
Making ideas happen; Getting better every day
Our vision
Better choice. Better value. Better life. Every day. 
Creating growth:
Increasing customer loyalty
Broadening our offering
Expanding geographic reach
Enabling growth:
Simplicity
Responsible retailing
People performance
Ahold is becoming  
a better place to shop,  
a better place to work,  
and a better neighbor.
We have a robust business model,  
built on strong local brands…
we are keeping  
our promises…
and we have the ambition to drive  
performance and go for growth.
Our business model
CONSUMER BRANDS
SALES GROWTH
LOWER COST BASE
BUILD STRONG
ALLOCATE CAPITAL
TO NEW GROWTH
DRIVE IDENTICAL
    
  
Better
place to shop
Better
every day
Better
place to work
Better
neighbor
Our strategic ambitions, how we operate and what 
we want to be as a company are outlined in our 
Reshaping Retail framework.
All of our businesses share a common vision for the 
future, and a common set of values. Our successful 
business model enables us to keep investing in 
our customer offering, and our promises help us 
get better every day. Through our strategic pillars, 
we are accelerating our growth so we will be 
competitive in years to come.
Responsible retailing is one of our pillars to enable 
growth. Here, we concentrate our efforts on five 
priority areas: healthy living choices made easy, 
contribution to community well-being, responsibly 
sourced products, care for the environment, and 
our people. In all these areas, we strive to act with 
integrity and responsibility.
In 2015, we took a momentous step to further 
improve our strategic position, with the announcement 
of our intended merger with Delhaize Group. 
The scale, diversity and expertise we will add to 
our business through this merger will enhance our 
ability to deliver on our promises to our stakeholders 
and generate new growth.
How are we 
reshaping retail 
at Ahold?

Page 7:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
06Our value chain
Creating value 
for society
We care about our communities, and the people 
in them. Committed to making a meaningful 
contribution to their health and well-being, and 
creating a society fit for the future, we have made 
three promises – to be a better place to shop, 
a better place to work, and a better neighbor. 
To make this happen, we are endeavoring to build 
and maintain a responsive value chain that creates 
real value for everyone involved and that supports 
our future growth. 
Through our Reshaping Retail strategy, we 
continuously improve our supply chain. We have 
improved our own operations – cutting costs and 
eliminating inefficiencies – and enhanced the visibility 
of our own-brand supply chain. This is a considerable 
challenge, since our suppliers span the globe. 
Our Responsible Retailing strategy in action
Of course, our actions in the areas of healthy living, 
community well-being, our people, responsible 
products, and care for the environment have impact 
on our value chain. For more details, see the “Our 
performance” section on page 16.
For more information on how we work with suppliers, please 
see the “Responsible products” section on page 32.
For more information on how we enhanced our own 
operations, please see the “Our people” and “Care for 
the environment” sections on pages 26 and 37 .
For more information on how we serve our customers and 
communities, please see the “Healthy living” and “Community 
well-being” sections on pages 17 and 21 .
Suppliers, producers, farmers Own operations Communities, customers
Producers Suppliers
Distribution 
centers
Communities
Stores
Online
Customers
Farmers Suppliers
Our supply chain
The three phases of our supply chain:
We buy products 
All products start with raw materials. The first phase 
of our value chain starts with the farmers who grow 
the raw materials; they then sell these for further 
processing, or, in the case of fresh produce such 
as vegetables and fruits, to distributors.
We move products
Our suppliers deliver finished products – packaged 
and ready for sale – to one of our distribution centers 
from which they are distributed to our more than 
3,200 stores or directly to our customers homes. 
Our 236,000 associates handle the products in the 
distribution centers, make sure the shelves of our stores 
are filled, enabling our customers to buy them.
We sell products
We sell our products through our stores, our online 
home delivery service and our pick-up points, 
meeting customers’ diverse shopping needs. 
Read more detail
 Read more detail
 Read more detail

Page 8:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
07Responsible Retailing Scorecard
1 2
2
3
4
5
1
3
4
5
Healthy living Community  
well-being
Ambition:
Make healthy living choices easy
Ambition:
Contribute to the well-being of our communities
Not met
Completed or on track
Our 2015 
results
Our scorecard shows our performance in the five key 
priority areas of our Responsible Retailing strategy 
against our Group-wide targets and commitments at 
the end of 2015, which is also the end of our 201 1-
2015 strategy. 
The status column indicates whether we met (green) 
or missed (red) our target or commitment at the end 
of 2015.
For 201 1-2015 highlights, see the infographic 
on page 09.
Read more detail: 
See pages 16-41
1  Healthy products are identifiable in-store and online through the use of  
healthy-choice logos and shelf tags. Products featuring these logos and shelf  
tags comply with strict criteria that are developed by leading health authorities.  
For more information see page 45.
Target/commitment Progress Status
Increase the sale of healthy 
products to at least 25% 
of total food sales by 2015 
across the Group1
25.0% 
healthy products
Report on customers’ 
perception of Ahold’s 
businesses as leading 
healthy retailers
100% 
of our businesses are 
perceived to be the first 
or second healthy retailer 
in their region
Target/commitment Progress Status
Measure and report on 
the number of children 
educated as part of our 
healthy living programs
946,000 
children educated
Measure and report 
on our donations €68 million  
donated
Measure and report 
on food donations 
to food banks
€32 million  
of food donated
Measure and report 
on the number of stores 
participating in at least one 
community well-being event
1,392 
stores participated in 
community well-being events

Page 9:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
08Responsible Retailing Scorecard
1
2
2
3
4
5
1
3 4
5
Our people Responsible 
products
Ambition:
Provide a better place to work, and support 
our associates in living healthier lives
Ambition:
Source our products – including their  
packaging – with respect for people,  
animals and the environment
1
2
3
4
5
Care for the 
environment
Ambition:
Reduce our environmental footprint
1  The classification of a high-risk country is based on the Human  
Development Index of the United Nations and the Corruption  
Perceptions Index of Transparency International.
Target/commitment Progress Status
Reduce CO2 per square 
meter of sales area by 20% 
in our operations by 2015 
against our 2008 baseline
25.8% 
reduction
Report on the percentage 
of food waste compared 
to total food sales
1-2% 
of total food sales wasted
Reduce the amount of 
disposable bags at the 
checkout in the U.S. 
by one billion bags 
s i n c e  2 011
853 million 
bags reduced at our 
U.S. businesses
Eliminate landfill as a 
disposal method by 202011% 
landfill globally
Ensure that all businesses 
have implemented a 
communication policy to 
encourage customers to 
reduce, re-use and recycle
Communication policies in 
place at all our businesses
Target/commitment Progress Status
Ensure that 80% of our 
own-brand food suppliers 
are certified against 
GFSI-recognized standards
U.S.:  
93% suppliers certified
Europe:  
96% suppliers certified
Ensure that 100% 
of our own-brand 
suppliers in high-risk 
countries1 are audited on 
social compliance
U.S.:  
70% suppliers audited
Europe: 
88% suppliers audited
Source 100% of the six 
critical commodities for 
own-brand products in 
accordance with industry 
certification standards
Coffee: 99%  
Tea: 83% 
Cocoa: 85%  
Palm oil : 100%  
Soy : 100%  
Seafood: 73%
Report on the number 
of products reviewed 
against our 4R 
packaging guidelines
3,470 
products reviewed
Target/commitment Progress Status
Report on our 
progress on 
associate engagement
68% 
of associates feel engaged
Report on our 
progress on associate 
participation in healthy 
living programs
30,000 
participants took part in healthy 
living programs
Report on our 
progress on rolling out 
sustainability programs
11 
sustainability programs rolled out

Page 10:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
09201 1-2015 highlights
2016-2020…
2014
Responsible 
retailing  
strategy: 
2011-2015 
highlights
Responsible Retailing is a journey and much has been 
achieved over the past five years. At the same time 
there are always next steps to take to make sure we 
get better every day.
This page contains an overview of some of our 
highlights, including further expansion of our healthy 
product offering, our local community support 
programs as well as highlights in our Responsible 
products, Our people and Care for the environment 
priority areas.
Albert Heijn opens first 
organic store in Utrecht
Ahold Transport (Europe) 
receives Lean and 
Green 1-star award 
for reducing our fuel 
emissions by 21%
Over three million 
children educated 
on healthy nutrition 
since 2010
Ahold scores 76 points 
in the Dow Jones 
Sustainability Index, 
compared to the 
industry average of 47
 
Albert Heijn and the 
Dutch industry healthy 
food foundation 
agree on nationwide 
“checkmark” labels that 
help customers identify 
healthier options
Albert Heijn and WWF 
Netherlands sign 
contract to use only 
sustainable seafood for 
own-brand products 
by 2015
 
 
 
Introduction of Ahold 
promises: better place 
to shop; better place to 
work; better neighbor
175 Farmers  and 
suppliers took part in the 
Albert Heijn open Days, 
with 85,000 visitors
Ahold USA expands 
its Passport to Nutrition 
program for children to 
make balanced plates, 
read food labels and 
understand portion sizes
 
The final production 
stages of almost all 
our own-brand global 
suppliers are mapped 
Albert is the first retailer 
in the Czech Republic 
to bring healthy products 
to children, featuring 
Smurf characters on 
42 own-brand products 
Albert expands its 
partnerships with 
regional bakeries to 
meet Czech customers’ 
preference for more 
local products
Ahold USA divisions 
redirect the equivalent 
of over 12 million meals 
in unsold, consumable 
food to regional 
food banks
2 011 2012
2013
2015
Magazine Progressive 
Grocer selects Ahold 
USA as Retailer of 
the Year for its “vast 
and exceptional 
community contributions”
“Young Ahold Best 
Idea” winners open 
Instock restaurant, 
turning surplus food 
into delicious meals
Ahold-wide aligned, 
engagement survey is 
rolled out for the first 
time resulting in a 68% 
engagement score.
Our own-brand logistics 
in the Czech Republic 
and the Netherlands 
achieve ISO 22000 
Food Safety Standard
    
  
3m
68%
Read more detail: 
See pages 11–16


Page 11:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
10
2016-2020
Trends and challenges 1 1
Engaging with our stakeholders 12
Materiality matrix 14
Responsible Retailing 2020 15
Looking forward: Responsible Retailing 2020

Page 12:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
11Trends and challenges
The bigger 
picture
We are a company built on integrity, driven by 
the desire to help people live longer, healthier and 
happier lives and build stronger communities. As a 
food retailer we play a key role in our customers’ 
lives. By providing them with opportunities to adopt 
healthy eating habits and choose more sustainable 
products, we can make a difference to their 
well‑being. 
At the same time the journey from farm to fork is 
an intricate one, influenced by global and local 
elements. Also, as a global company with local 
brands, we must constantly balance differences 
in regulations, local laws, regulations, preferences, 
cultures and tastes.
Also the launch of the Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDG’s) will challenge companies to go the 
extra mile. We will look at how we can work on 
delivering on these goals in our organizations.
This page contains the key trends and challenges 
we are facing as we move towards 2020:
Health
While customers are increasingly preferring healthful 
products, factors such as price, time and lack of 
inspiration can keep them from choosing healthier 
options. We are keen to remove these ‘barriers’ 
while continuing to meet their expectations on taste. 
Therefore, we are slowly reducing sugar and salt 
content, so customers can get used to the new 
taste gradually. We must also regularly review our 
processes around alcohol and tobacco, to make 
sure we are selling alcohol responsibly, and are 
addressing concerns linked to tobacco sales. In the 
Netherlands, for instance, we are running pilots in 
15 Albert Heijn stores where tobacco displays are 
kept out of sight.
Transparency and trust
Driven to do what’s right, and meet customers’ 
concerns, we strive to communicate openly 
and clearly on the ingredients and origin of our 
products. To be able to do this, we are continuously 
working to enhance our nutritional labeling, and 
to obtain insight into the origin, processing and 
handling of our products. Obtaining visibility over 
the production stages of our suppliers is one of 
our biggest challenges in this area and requires 
substantial investments. 
Food security
By 2050, the global population is expected to 
rise to nine billion. This growing population will 
need sustainable, safe, affordable and nutritious 
diets, produced and supplied from the same or 
less land and fewer resources. It’s a challenge 
that directly touches the food industry. At the same 
time, as a good neighbor we must help make sure 
that everyone in our communities has access to 
nutritious food at affordable prices. To accomplish 
this, and secure our bottom line, we must increase 
the efficiency of our procurement practices, achieve 
economies of scale and ensure we reduce food 
waste by making food that hasn’t been sold 
available for donation. 
Diversity and equality
Demographics are changing in all of our markets. 
At the same time, customers say that they feel more 
comfortable shopping in stores that reflect their 
communities. Ahold values diversity and inclusion at 
every level of our organization, but also recognizes 
the challenge to keep up with these dynamic shifts in 
demographics. One example of Ahold’s initiatives is 
the World Café organized by Ahold USA’s ALANA: 
a multicultural business resource group.
Sourcing
With raw materials becoming increasingly scarce 
and environmental concerns growing, we must take 
a responsible approach to sourcing. We strive to 
source the right products, at the right time, and with 
the right terms and conditions. 
Our customers and other stakeholders expect us to 
deliver products and services that take into account 
all dimensions: quality, sustainability, innovation 
availability, social responsibility and price. It’s not 
“either‑or
,” but “and‑a
nd.”
Because our customers and other stakeholders may 
have conflicting expectations when it comes to 
sourcing, we must carefully balance their interests. 
Moving forward we will continue to build our skills 
in this area. 
Animal welfare
We, and our customers, are increasingly aware of, 
and concerned about, how animals raised for food 
are treated. Therefore, we will give preference to 
suppliers that observe the highest standards in animal 
welfare. Our Better Life (“Beter Leven”) pork and 
“New AH Chicken” are proof of this commitment. 
At the same time local laws and regulations impact 
our product assortment and how we work with 
suppliers. We recognize the impact higher animal 
welfare standards can have on the prices of our 
products, and on the environment. 
Global warming
Providing food to consumers when, how and where 
they want it requires resources that have a substantial 
impact on the environment. For instance, every 
year, thousands of miles of rainforest are destroyed 
for agricultural use. We recognize that one of the 
biggest contributors to global warming is meat 
production. That is why we offer many options that 
make it easier for customers to choose alternative 
proteins. To minimize the impact of food production 
in our supply chain, we strive to manage the 
resources we use wisely. 
At the Paris climate conference (COP21) in December 
2015, 195 countries adopted the first‑e
ver universal, 
legally binding global climate agreement to limit 
global warming to well below 2° Celsius by 2020. 
We are pleased with this global push, and are 
ready to do our part. In fact, we’ve already made 
great strides reducing our carbon footprint in our 
own operations – see the “Care for the environment” 
section. Towards 2020, we will drive further 
improvements, internally, and with our suppliers.
Food waste
We strive to offer customers the choice they are 
looking for when they come to our stores. However, 
not all products are sold before the end of their shelf 
life. To avoid food going to waste, we must balance 
the volumes we purchase and the volumes we sell, 
and have the right procedures and logistics in place 
to minimize food waste. Food waste, especially in 
view of global hunger, remains top of mind for us.
We are constantly thinking of better and more 
innovative ways to ensure that food is used in the 
most valuable way possible. This includes working 
with food bank partners to increase the share of food 
that can be donated. Other innovative ideas include 
restaurant Instock, an idea of Albert Heijn associates, 
where surplus food is turned into delicious meals.


Page 13:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
12Engaging with our stakeholders
Why and how 
we engage 
with our 
stakeholders
Our stakeholders are the individuals and 
organizations most affected by Ahold’s activities, 
whether in our role as grocer, employer 
or revenue‑creating business supporting 
local economies.
Our stakeholders include our customers, associates, 
communities (including governments, NGOs, 
academic and research institutes, and industry 
bodies), shareholders and suppliers.
Engaging with our stakeholders enables us to identify 
issues, respond to changing needs, observe best 
practices and reflect different views and feedback 
on how we operate our business. Staying connected 
is vital to ensuring that our approach to sustainable 
business is relevant and effective.
Our customers
How we engage
We stay tuned into customers’ needs and wishes 
through surveys, consumer studies, focus groups 
and panels, and through immediate feedback from 
customers in our stores, via service departments, our 
websites, social media and other correspondence.
What they have told us
Our customers are increasingly interested in healthy 
eating, product quality, food safety and food security 
(access to nutritious food for all). They look to us 
for nutritious and affordable products, sourced with 
respect for people, animals and the environment, 
and for clear and simple food labeling.
Our response
Our business is all about shopping – which is 
why we want to be a better place to shop for 
our customers, every day. We concentrate our 
efforts on enhancing the health and sustainability 
of our own‑brand products, especially by reducing 
salt, sugar and saturated fats. We also expanded 
our fresh produce assortment at more affordable 
prices, increased the visibility of healthy products 
considerably, and introduced “Front of Pack” labeling.
Our associates
How we engage
We engage with our associates through various 
touch points, including regular performance review 
meetings and our annual associate engagement 
survey. In 2015, our survey achieved a global 
participation rate of 88%, a considerable increase 
over the 81% rate in 2014.
What they have told us
Through the survey, our associates told us we have 
room for improvement in the tools and resources we 
provide to help them do their jobs, including clarity 
on strategic goals, in how we communicate with 
them, and in our ability to provide healthy living 
options for associates and their families. 
Our response
Our better place to work promise helps us take 
a holistic approach to our associates’ health and 
well‑being, creating a workplace that empowers our 
people to explore, use and develop their talents and 
that contributes to good physical health. This includes 
management support and encouragement, on‑the‑job 
training and executive education programs.
Read the Our people section at page 27 for 
more information on programs we implement for 
our associates. 
Our communities
How we engage
As a local “community hub,” we touch the lives 
of millions of people every day. We are in constant 
dialogue with local governments, schools, charities 
and civil society organizations.
What they have told us
Because of our scope and reach, and the 
food‑related nature of our business, our local 
communities expect us to make a direct contribution 
to the well‑being of local residents, helping to provide 
an environment that supports those in need. They also 
expect us to source our product with respect for 
people, animals and the environment.
Our response
Our better neighbor promise is our commitment 
to strengthening the communities in which we 
operate: we do this through, for example, financial 
and product donations, nutrition awareness 
programs in schools and employment of local 
people. We also support our suppliers and their 
local communities overseas through the Albert Heijn 
Foundation and other targeted initiatives. 
To improve the sustainability of our own‑brand 
products we focus on food safety, social compliance 
and critical commodities to improve the sustainability 
of our own‑brand products.


Page 14:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Engaging with our stakeholders
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015 13
Our shareholders
How we engage
We communicate with our shareholders through 
quarterly disclosures and financial performance 
briefings, annual shareholder meetings, and ad‑hoc 
meetings with specific shareholder interest groups. 
What they have told us
Our shareholders are mainly concerned with 
our financial performance, transparency, stability 
and future returns. They expect us to keep our 
commitments and targets, both financially and 
in terms of responsible retailing. For instance, in 
2015, we received more questions related to 
responsible retailing.
Our response
Every year, our shareholders are invited to our  
Annual General Meeting (AGM) where we 
present updates on our performance and strategy. 
Shareholders with voting rights can vote on current 
issues including appointments, compensation and 
dividend payments. 
Our suppliers
How we engage
A flexible, healthy and sustainable supply chain 
demands transparency, efficiency and strong 
relationships. With our suppliers scattered across the 
globe, we connect via multiple channels, including 
face‑to‑face meetings, online communication, and 
supplier events.
What they have told us
Our suppliers identify our mutual business 
relationships, product quality and safety, and 
compliance with laws and regulations as most 
important to them. Some suppliers in high‑risk 
countries say they cannot afford to meet the product 
safety and social compliance requirements needed 
to comply with our standards.
Our response
Our Standards of Engagement are part of our 
buying agreement, and make our expectations 
in terms of quality, safety and working conditions 
clear and equitable. We have various introduction 
programs for suppliers who have difficulty meeting 
our expectations, including our “Stepping Stone” 
program. If a supplier – despite our support – fails 
to meet the required standards, we terminate 
the relationship. 
All food retail activities of Ahold in the Netherlands, 
Belgium, the Czech republic and Germany have 
signed up to the European Supply Chain Initiative, 
as launched in 2013.
In focus
Albert Heijn hosts dialogue  
on responsible products
On March 9, 2015, Albert Heijn hosted an event at Instock 
restaurant in Amsterdam. Over 60 participants from 
the scientific community, government and civil society 
organizations discussed Albert Heijn’s progress on 
improving the sustainability of its own-brand products.
Thanks to the continued efforts of colleagues from its 
Sourcing, Merchandising and Quality departments, in 
close collaboration with suppliers, we are proud to report 
that 94% of Albert Heijn’s own‑brand products are more 
sustainable compared to 2010. Naturally, Albert Heijn 
will continue to take steps to improve the sustainability 
of its own‑brand range in the coming years.
To learn more about Albert Heijn’s sustainable range, 
download the leaflet “Step‑by‑step to a more sustainable 
range (in Dutch)” here. www.ah.nl/over‑ah/meer‑doen


Page 15:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
14Materiality matrix
Shaping our 
approach
What is a materiality matrix?
In a materiality matrix, social, environmental and 
economic topics are plotted along two dimensions: 
their importance to stakeholders, and their importance 
to the company in terms of the impact these topics 
have on its reputation, operations and finances.
We recognize that our activities – and the way we 
carry them out – impact our stakeholders and affect 
our business performance. A materiality matrix helps 
us identify the topics that matter most to Ahold and 
to our stakeholders, so we can align our strategy, 
performance and reporting and remain successful 
in the long term.
How did we collect materiality data?
We carried out a thorough materiality analysis, 
involving customers, associates, investors, suppliers 
and community representatives. We presented them 
a survey of 30 topics based on information from 
sources like the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the 
Dow Jones Sustainability Index, outcomes from investor 
meetings, our current Responsible Retailing strategy 
and stakeholder interviews. These topics were rated 
by each stakeholder on a scale from one to 10 and 
plotted on the Y‑axis of the matrix. Finally our Executive 
Committee (ExCo) plotted the topics on the X‑axis, 
which resulted in the final matrix.
What does this mean for our 
2020 strategy?
The results from the materiality matrix have enabled 
us to refine our strategy to meet real needs and 
trends. On the following pages, we highlight our 
key focus areas for the next five years. The proposed 
merger with Delhaize will certainly impact our 
company strategy, and therefore our responsible 
retailing strategy. We will come back with an update 
after completion of the merger.
Very high impact
1 Product safety
2 Ethical behavior and integrity
3 Compliance with laws & regulation
4 Product quality
5 Supplier Code of Conduct
6 Associate engagement
7 Healthy products sales & assortment
8  Food security (access to nutritious 
food for all)
9 Affordable healthy products
10 Responsible product sales
11 Financial performance
High impact
12 Supply chain transparency
13  Associate equality, diversity 
and development
14 Product transparency
15 Environmental performance suppliers
16 Environmental performance company
17 Clean/safe store environment
18 Customer satisfaction and loyalty
19 Innovation
20  Business continuity
21  Responsible alcohol and tobacco sales
22  Supporting children on healthy lifestyles
Medium impact
23  Company waste management
24  Packaging
25  Responsible marketing to kids
26  Supplier relationship management
27  Animal welfare
28  Customer waste management
29  Donations (product/financial)
30  Health support (nutrition advice)
Medium impact on Ahold High impact on Ahold Very high impact on Ahold
Medium importance for stakeholders High importance for stakeholders Very high importance for stakeholders
Legend:
 
Business drivers
 
Healthy living
 
Responsible products
 
Care for the environment
 
Our people
 
Community well‑being
11
18
19
20
4
3
1
2
7
6
13 8
17
21
29
30
25
23
15
16
28
22
9
10
5
14
26 24
27
12

Page 16:
 
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
15Responsible Retailing 2020
Making a 
positive impact 
on the lives  
of millions
In 201 1, we made responsible retailing one of our 
six strategic pillars in our Reshaping Retail strategy. 
Since then, we have made tangible progress in 
sourcing our products more sustainably, and helping 
customers and associates improve their health and 
well‑being. And now we want to make the next step.
Our 2020 strategy
In the global drive to create a healthier society 
for future generations, we have prioritized three 
areas where we feel we can make the biggest 
impact: Community well‑being, Healthier lives and 
Responsible products. This does not mean that 
we will abandon the other two key areas of our 
201 1‑2015 strategy: Care for the environment and 
Our people; see “Our essentials”. The material 
topics as laid out in the materiality matrix on the 
previous page are covered by our Reshaping Retail 
and or Responsible Retailing 2020 strategy. In the 
coming period we will further investigate if additional 
programs should be developed.
The proposed merger with Delhaize will no doubt 
impact the content of our strategy. For now, we are 
clear on where to start – realizing the potential for our 
positive impacts. We will work with our customers, 
associates, suppliers and other stakeholders, and 
report our progress annually, as we make our journey 
to 2020.
Community well-being
Inspiring kids to create  
a healthier tomorrow.
Our essentials
CO2 reduction, zero waste to landfill, social compliance, critical commodities,  
associate well-being and transparent reporting
Healthier lives
Healthier lives. Healthier food. 
Within reach for all.
Responsible products
Good products,  
sustainably sourced.
Responsible Retailing
Our plan to make a positive impact on the lives of millions by 2020
Inspire children to create a healthier 
tomorrow
Healthy communities start with healthy children, 
so what better group to focus on? In spite of a 
relatively low score in our materiality matrix, many 
studies have shown that developing healthy eating 
habits early in life encourages healthy eating as an 
adult. These past few years, we have run several 
better neighbor initiatives, such as school education 
programs, in‑store tours and workshops to let children 
experience how easy and fun it is to make healthier 
food choices. 
Towards 2020, our focus will be on further increasing 
nutrition awareness in schools and at home, building 
on the programs mentioned above, and introducing 
new and exciting initiatives that will help instill 
healthier eating habits for a lifetime. While our focus 
will be on inspiring children, we will continue to meet 
the dietary needs of our older customers, and our 
food donations to people in need.
Healthier lives. Healthier food. 
Within reach for all
As a food retailer, we aim to make the healthy choice 
the easy choice for our customers. We continue to 
improve our perception as a healthy retailer in most 
of our markets, thanks to our healthful and affordable 
products, nutritional knowledge, and inspirational 
recipes that save time and money.
However, being perceived as a healthy retailer is not 
enough. Currently our healthy food sales are 25% 
of total food sales. And there is potential to increase 
this number.
In the next five years, we will expand our healthy 
product range, drive further reformulation of our 
existing products and find new and creative ways to 
make it even easier for families to choose healthier 
alternatives, at an affordable price.
Good products, sustainably sourced
Consumers are increasingly interested in the integrity 
of the food they buy. We have made great efforts to 
ensure all our food products are safe and sustainably 
sourced.* Over the past five years we have 
increased the visibility and transparency of our supply 
chain considerably, increasing the sustainability of our 
own‑brand products. 
Towards 2020, we will further increase the number 
of sustainably sourced products and expand our 
product range of Free From products. To achieve 
this, we will continue to work with suppliers on 
sustainability topics. 
*Products that benefit our customers and the 
communities they are sourced from, and have 
been produced with respect for people, animals 
and the environment.

Page 17:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
16
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Our 
performance 
in 2015
Healthy living 17
Community well-being 21
Our people 26
Responsible products 32
Care for the environment 37
Looking back: Our performance in 2015

Page 18:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
17
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachHealthy living
Food plays an important role in people’s health and if we want to 
deliver a healthy future, society must take a comprehensive approach  
to shifting people to healthier habits. Today, non-communicable or 
chronic diseases such as heart attacks, strokes, asthma and diabetes  
are responsible for more than 63% of deaths per year, globally. 
Insufficient nutrition, lack of physical activity, use of tobacco and  
harmful use of alcohol lie at the heart of these conditions. 
As a food retailer, it is our ambition to make the healthier choice 
the easy choice – with healthy and affordable products, nutritional 
knowledge, and inspirational recipes that save time and money.  
We also play an active role in the Consumer Goods Forum,  
where retailers and manufacturers combine efforts and expertise  
to improve health and wellness for consumers worldwide.
Healthy living

Page 19:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
18
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachHealthy living
In focus
Famous for Fresh
Achieving our ambition to become “famous for fresh” 
and deliver healthy produce at an affordable price is 
an important part of our program to improve the overall 
customer proposition at Ahold USA. This includes 
refurbishing the fresh produce department, delivering 
better produce quality, revamping our fresh produce 
offering, and reducing prices. Produce sales have gone 
up considerably, and we foresee another sales lift when 
the new concept has been deployed across our U.S. 
banners and all stores.
Our ambition
Make healthy living choices easy
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
22.3 24.2 24.5 24.4 25.0
Sales of healthy products
percentage of total food sales
Number of healthy products
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
8,742 8,969 8,819 9,341 9,911
How did we deliver on our ambition 
to make healthy living choices easy 
for our customers? As part of our 
201 1-2015 strategy we set ourselves 
the following targets:
 kIncrease the sale of healthy products 
(as defined by criteria from leading 
health authorities) to at least 25% 
of total food sales by 2015 across 
the Group
 kReport on our customers’ perception 
of Ahold’s businesses as leading 
healthy retailers
Target
25% of our total food sales comes from 
healthy products
Last year, we reported 24.4% healthy product sales 
across the Group. This year, we drove growth by 
increasing the number of healthy products, reducing 
the price of fruit and vegetables, and reducing salt, 
saturated fats and sugar in products. We also made 
it easier for customers to find the healthy options they 
were looking for. As a result we achieved 25.0% 
healthy product sales.
Below are examples of our 2015 health initiatives: 
“Front of Pack” (FOP) nutritional labeling
In 2013, all four divisions of Ahold USA implemented 
a “Front of Pack” nutritional labeling initiative to 
provide clear guidance on the nutritional attributes of 
foods, such as calories and other important dietary 
components, for many of its own-brand products. 
Albert Heijn has been doing this too, with new “Front 
of Pack” labels on its own-brand range. The labels 
are easier to read, and include nutritional values per 
portion size. They enable customers to understand 
what is in the food they are buying, helping them 
make better food choices.
Making conscious decisions
Along with the Dutch industry healthy food foundation 
“Ik kies bewust,” and the Dutch government, Albert 
Heijn agreed on nationwide food choice logos in 
2012. These logos replaced the former clover logos 
Albert Heijn developed to highlight healthy products. 
In 2014, Albert in the Czech Republic rolled out the 
label as well.
The labels help customers compare options quickly, 
and decide which product fits their dietary needs 
best. For instance, essential products carrying the 
green checkmark label are healthy alternatives 
to comparable items in the same category. Non-
essential products such as snacks, sauces and drinks 
are branded with a blue checkmark, indicating that 
they are the “healthier” alternative in that category – 
containing less saturated fat, salt and/or sugar, and 
more fibers.
In our stores in the U.S., healthy products can be 
identified through the Healthy Ideas®  program that 
was initially created in 2008 by a team of health 
experts and nutritionists to help customers find 
healthy food items. All Healthy Ideas®  products have 
no artificial trans-fats, and are limited in total fats, 
saturated fats, salt and sugar. In 2016, these criteria 
will be reviewed following the release of the U.S. 
Dietary Guidelines 2015 report.
Ahold supports the Consumer Goods Forum’s 
resolution to provide transparent, fact-based 
information that will help consumers and shoppers 
make informed product choices. The resolution 
is focused on ensuring that energy and nutrient 
information is included on the front of packages, 
and on providing logos that make it easier to 
identify healthier options.


Page 20:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
19
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachHealthy living
Reformulating our own-brand products
Concerned with our customers’ health, we are 
pushing forward in reformulating our own-brand 
products, enhancing their nutritional value. 
Towards 2020, we will continue to improve the 
nutritional properties of our own-brand ranges, 
reducing salt, sugar, additives and trans-fats. We had 
our first results in 2015, as Albert Heijn reduced the 
salt content of its own-brand bread by 13 to 22.5%, 
and revised its bread labels to clearly indicate the 
fiber content. We also updated the labels on the 
Nature’s Promise line of products in the U.S. In the 
Czech Republic, we updated the labels on the 
FreeFrom products to clearly indicate which additives 
or ingredients have been eliminated. 
Target
Ahold, the leading mainstream 
healthy retailer
We aim to be the leading mainstream healthy 
retailer, in all our markets. We are passionate about 
health and well-being of our associates and that 
of our customers. 
To ensure that we hear our customers’ voices, we 
work with independent market research agencies 
in all our regions, carrying out surveys on consumer 
demands and evolving shopping behavior. 
Please see the reporting process section at page 45 
for more information on the market research agencies 
we use.
In 2015, Albert Heijn and both Giant divisions 
scored number one among consumers for being 
healthy retailers, while our Stop & Shop divisions 
both scored number two, and Albert in the Czech 
Republic moved up from number five to number two. 
These are very encouraging results. We are pleased 
that our investments in energy, time and money these 
past years are bearing fruit.
Here are some examples of what we have provided 
in 2015:
Allerhande Box: fresh and easy meals made simple
The Allerhande Food team in the Netherlands 
continues to find new ways to make it easier for 
families to eat fresh meals. 
Filled with the ingredients and recipes for preparing 
fresh and tasty meals within 30 minutes, the meal box 
takes the pressure off busy families. 
Each week, customers receive their meal box with 
fresh ingredients including vegetables, fruits, meats, 
poultry, fish and vegetarian dishes for two or four 
people. The box can be purchased via Albert Heijn 
Online and either delivered to the home or collected 
at a nearby pick-up point, at no extra charge. 
Customers can order other groceries at the same time 
for the same free delivery or pick-up. 
By introducing the Allerhande Box, Albert Heijn is 
making online grocery shopping more accessible, 
and fresh and varied cooking easier.
Ahold USA introduces Savory Fast, Fresh and Easy™ .
Our Ahold USA divisions are also helping customers 
include more fresh meals in their busy schedules. 
They launched a new print and online platform 
across its divisions called Savory Fast, Fresh and 
Easy™ . The platform is based on Albert Heijn’s 
Allerhande magazine adapted to U.S. tastes, habits 
and holidays. Its aim is to inspire customers to save 
time, and money, and eat well. 
Customer perception as a leading  
healthy retailer – by rank
1 1
1 2 2
2
New England New York Metro

Page 21:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
20
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachHealthy living
Going green
Fruits and vegetables are an essential part of 
any healthy diet. With over 900 stores in the 
Netherlands, Albert Heijn offers one of the biggest 
assortments in the market. In 2015, Albert Heijn 
introduced its “Salad & Lettuce World” section with 
a wider choice – including more than 100 new 
items – and more convenience and inspiration. In the 
fresh deli department, new products were introduced, 
including ready-made meals with improved 
packaging and taste, but with less food additives, 
fats and salt. In 100 stores around the country, 
Albert Heijn added fresh fruit and vegetable snacks 
such as tomatoes and cucumbers at the check-out. 
Personal nutrition advice: in-store and at home
In 2015, Ahold USA helped around 100,000 
customers with nutrition / health advice by providing 
individual consultations, in-store classes, store tours 
and community events across the four divisions. 
Among the many health topics, the major customer 
concerns focused on diabetes management, weight 
management, eating healthy on a budget, heart 
health, and food allergies / intolerances including 
gluten free.
Our nutritionists are committed to supporting 
our customers’ health and nutrition through local 
community programs including Passport to Nutrition, 
A+ Program and Communities in Schools, to name 
a few. Our Annual Healthy Kids Summits bring 
together community groups to inspire kids and families 
towards living a healthy and balanced lifestyle (e.g., 
nutrition, exercise, healthy routines including hygiene 
and sleep, etc.).
Additional guidance and recommendations on health 
and wellness are available through our nutritionist’s 
YouTube videos, Twitter parties, circular baseline 
messages and other social media networks.
In 2015, Albert Heijn provided individualized nutrition 
advice in 200 stores. For 4 weeks, customers 
could consult in-store nutritionists to help them make 
the best choices for their families. The service was 
also made available through Albert Heijn’s online 
community, which provided advice from nutrition 
experts. The initiative is a joint collaboration with the 
Dutch affiliate of the Choices International Foundation 
(“Stichting Ik kies bewust”), and the Dutch Society of 
Dieticians (“Nederlandse Vereniging van Diëtisten”).
In focus
Involving children 
Children represent the next generation of customers, 
and governments and organizations are increasingly 
recognizing the importance of involving them in 
developing solutions to social issues.
Albert Heijn established its own Kids’ Council (“Raad 
van Kinderen”) towards the end of 2015, to brainstorm 
solutions for strategic health dilemmas. Albert Heijn invited 
children to be agents of change for healthy eating. 
Albert Heijn works with a team of adult experts to 
guarantee quality throughout its products, packaging 
and promotions. With the Kids’ Council, another group 
of experts has been added. They are straightforward, 
curious and offer fresh perspectives, welcome qualities. 


Page 22:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
21
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCommunity well-being
We all benefit from a strong community: as individuals, as a 
collective, and as a society. Strong communities create a more stable 
and supportive environment, where people of all ages feel happier 
and healthier.
Unfortunately, economic hardship and food insecurity are putting 
pressure on communities. Unemployment rates, combined with cuts in 
welfare benefits and local services, mean more people are relying on 
community support and food donations. Because of their reach and 
scope, businesses are playing a larger role in meeting social needs.
Our wide reach, and our presence at the heart of communities,  
enable us to touch the lives of millions of people every day.  
We are committed to using that position to make a positive impact  
in our communities. We make both financial and product donations  
to food banks and charities.
To go further and help build stronger, thriving communities where 
everyone can benefit. We partner with national and local 
organizations, schools and charities to help people adopt a healthy, 
active lifestyle and to make choices that will help sustain our planet 
for generations to come.
Community well-being

Page 23:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
22
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCommunity well-being
Our ambition
Contribute to the well-being 
of our communities
Target
Number of children educated
Learning healthy eating habits at a young age 
can benefit children for a lifetime. Our educational 
programs are aimed at helping parents and children 
adopt healthier eating habits. In 2015 we reached 
over 946,000 children with our programs, an 
increase of more than 200 thousand compared 
to 2014.
Making healthy eating fun
The Albert Heijn healthy eating program “I eat 
better” (Ik eet het beter) aims to inspire children 
between eight and 12 years old to lead a 
healthy lifestyle, both at school and at home. 
Developed in collaboration with the Dutch Nutrition 
Center (“Voedingscentrum”), the campaign includes 
workshops at schools, plus an entertaining and 
interactive website that offers teachers weekly tips 
and fun exercises for the whole year. An example 
of an exercise is “Over the tongue” (“Over de tong”), 
which helps children discover different tastes through 
experiments such as mixing flavors in a delicious 
smoothie that gets senses tingling. This year, over 
542,000 children took part. 
Did you know? The “I eat better” program is called 
“Ik eet het beter” in Dutch, which is a play on the 
Dutch phrase “Ik weet het beter” (“I know better”).
Ahold USA continues with “Passport to Nutrition” 
program
Geared to children ages eight to 12, Ahold USA’s 
Passport to Nutrition kit features student workbooks 
and a teacher guide. The material helps teachers 
develop lessons that inspire children to make small 
changes every day for better health. 
Through its interactive “Passport to Nutrition program” 
and Kid Healthy Ideas magazine, Ahold USA 
enables the “Passport Kids” to get moving and eat 
right with interactive games and activities, so they can 
learn all about good health, healthy foods and how 
to help out in the kitchen.
Albert Heijn supports the national school breakfast
The Dutch National School Breakfast is the biggest 
educational breakfast event in the Netherlands. 
Each year during one week breakfasts are organized 
in schools throughout the country. Together with the 
Dutch Nutritional Center (Voedingscentrum) children 
receive healthy breakfasts.
New online materials are used to educate the 
children on the importance of a healthy breakfast. 
This makes the event not only the most fun, but also 
the healthiest and most educational breakfast!
In 2015 over 400 thousand children participated in 
the event where Albert Heijn supported by providing 
participating schools with fruit for the breakfast.
In focus
Nutrition education
Children are always on the move; they continuously 
grow and develop, so they need the right combination 
of calories and nutrients to keep them going. 
To help parents make smart choices for their growing 
children, Albert in the Czech Republic developed 
the “Healthy Five” program, both in-store and online. 
Based on the food pyramid, the program includes fresh food 
promotions, quick and easy recipes, and personal support 
from in-store nutritionists who help parents select and prepare 
balanced and tasty meals. 
While mothers and fathers share the challenges of parenting 
and cooking, an in-store play area keeps their children 
amused and safe. Following a successful pilot in two of 
Albert’s larger format stores in 2015, the program will be 
rolled out in all Albert Compact Hyperstores in 2016.
2 011 2012 2013 2014 2015
804,842
527 ,283
389,264
721,808
946,887
Number of children educated in healthy living
How did we deliver on our ambition 
to contribute to the well-being of 
our communities? We measure the 
progress of our community support 
through the following metrics:
 kThe number of children 
educated as part of our healthy 
living programs
 kFinancial donations
 kFood donations to food banks 
 kThe number of stores participating 
in at least one community well-being 
event per year

Page 24:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
23
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCommunity well-being
Target
Financial and food donations
As a food retailer, we believe everyone should 
have access to sufficient, safe and nutritious food. 
Therefore, we provide comprehensive support, 
including financial donations, food donations and 
our time and leadership where needed.
In 2015, Group-wide, we generated donations 
of over €68 million to food-related and charitable 
causes, which is more than last year’s €57 million. 
However at constant exchange rates the increase 
is 0.4%. 42% of our donations are made by 
third parties which include customers, suppliers 
and associates. 
Fighting hunger with “Meat the Need”
Obtaining high-protein foods for those in need is one 
of the biggest challenges for food banks.
In 2009, the Giant Carlisle division of Ahold USA 
began work with the Central Pennsylvania Food Bank 
and the U.S. Department of Agriculture to develop 
a program to redirect meat that would otherwise go 
unsold to vulnerable families. Titled Meat the Need, 
this innovative program helps local hunger relief 
efforts and removes food from the waste stream. 
Since Meat the Needs was launched, Giant Carlisle 
has donated over two million pounds of meat to the 
Central Pennsylvania Food Bank alone. 
This successful program expanded to all Ahold USA 
divisions over the past five years, and in 2015, over 
$10 million worth of nutritional protein was donated 
to families and children in need.
Fueling children for growth and learning
An important component of education for students 
is having enough nutritious food to fuel their bodies 
and minds so that they can learn, grow and move. 
In New York, the Summer Food Service Program 
(SFSP), an initiative from the Island Harvest Food 
Bank, ensures that low-income children continue to 
receive nutritious meals during the summer months 
when school is not in session. Since 2013, Stop 
& Shop’s New York Metro division has supported the 
program with nutritious lunches. In 2015, the business 
provided over 68,000 lunches – 16,000 more than 
in 2014. Stop & Shop also donated 5,000 of the 
lunches as a charitable contribution.
Albert Heijn expands annual food donations
In September 2015, Albert Heijn signed an 
agreement with the national food bank organization 
of the Netherlands (“Voedselbanken Nederland”) 
anticipating to donate 1.2 million products a year. 
Under the agreement, an Albert Heijn team and 
foodbank volunteers will improve the logistics 
processes between the organizations, to ensure more 
products find their way to food bank customers.
Despite our best efforts to reduce food waste to 
an absolute minimum we still have surplus food. 
By working together with Voedselbanken Nederland, 
we can put that food to good use and contribute to a 
fairer distribution of food in the Netherlands.
With these efforts we not only help those in need, 
but also reduce our food waste, which is one of our 
key environmental targets. For more details, see the 
“Care for the environment” section on page 37 .
Contributions and donations
€ thousands
47%
of our total donations
are to food banks
42%
Third party donations
58%
Own donations
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
41,003
56,219 54,544 5 7, 5 4 0
68,339
In focus
Helping our communities 
through donations
In 2015, our Ahold USA divisions generated donations 
of over €63 million to charitable causes. They support a 
range of organizations in our local markets focusing on 
helping children, fighting hunger and building healthy 
communities. Donations included products and money 
from customers, suppliers and associates, as well as food 
and funds donated directly from our company.

Page 25:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
24
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCommunity well-being
Albert inspires young entrepreneurs
Over the Easter holidays, the Albert Foundation 
in the Czech Republic invited children from twelve 
children’s homes to sell their handmade products 
to Albert associates. The Easter Bazaar gave the 
associates the opportunity to be a better neighbor, 
and the children the opportunity to learn the basics 
of entrepreneurship. Producing, marketing and selling 
their own handmade products. The initiative was 
tied into Albert‘s “Healthy Five” program; with every 
purchase, people received a healthy snack.
Every year around Christmas, Albert organizes its 
popular Christmas Bazaar, in collaboration with 
charity organization “Together for children”. In 2015, 
the event proved more successful than ever, with a 
record 40 stores welcoming children from more than 
60 homes. For the first time, the children organized 
promotion and media coverage themselves. 
Thanks to their creativity and commitment they 
raised an impressive €15,000. 
Albert Heijn Amsterdam Healthy Living
The city of Amsterdam works hard to create 
a healthy and strong community within its borders. 
In 2014, the city launched Amsterdam’s Approach 
for Healthy Weight (“Amsterdamse Aanpak Gezond 
Gewicht”) and in 2015, it partnered with Albert 
Heijn and researchers to pilot initiatives to support 
health in the city. The first pilots included a healthy 
check-out area (fruit and vegetable snacks instead 
of sweets) in the stores, and an in-store shopping 
coach: an Albert Heijn associate specially trained to 
inspire customers and colleagues to make healthier 
food choices.
Target
Community well-being events
Keeping the neighborhood clean
Every year, people across the Netherlands get 
together to participate in the nation’s largest 
volunteer clean-up event: the Annual Clean-Up Day 
(“Landelijke Opschoondag”). On March 28, 2015, 
more than 95,000 volunteers participated. In our 
ambition to be a better neighbor, 284 Albert Heijn 
stores took part in the event. Supported by locals 
and customers, Albert Heijn associates cleaned the 
neighborhood around their stores, removing trash and 
recyclables. The result: many filled bin bags, pleased 
customers and happy locals.
20142013 2015
1,430
1,243
1,392
Number of stores participating 
in community events
In focus
Working miracles
Healthy communities start with healthy kids. 
Therefore, Ahold USA proudly supports Children’s 
Miracle Network Hospitals. 
Since its inception in 1983, this organization has raised 
more than $5 billion – most of it $1 at a time – for 170 
children’s hospitals across the U.S. and Canada, which, 
in turn, use the money where it’s needed the most. 
Ahold USA’s donations have gone to providing life-saving 
medical care that helps millions of kids overcome disease 
and injury.
“I strongly support Albert Heijn’s ambition to help 
Dutch people improve their health. We look 
forward to seeing the impact of the programs 
that Albert Heijn is involved in on the health of 
children in Amsterdam.”
Paul van der Velpen,  
Managing Director Public Health Service (GGD) Amsterdam

Page 26:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
25
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCommunity well-being
Ahold ranked 20th in tax 
transparency benchmark
Following the introduction of the Good Tax 
Governance Principles in 2014, the VBDO, 
a Dutch investor organization, launched 
a tax transparency benchmark in 2015. 
The benchmark examined to what extent Dutch 
listed companies are transparent about their 
responsible tax strategy and tax payments. 
The methodology of the Tax Transparency 
Benchmark is based on the Good Tax 
Governance Principles. 
The study ranked 64 Dutch listed multinational 
companies on the transparency that they 
provide into their responsible tax policy and 
its implementation.
Ahold was ranked at a 20th place and scored 
relatively high in the area of knowing and 
managing its tax risks.
Our Tax Policy
We recognize that one of our obligations is to 
contribute to the communities we operate in. 
While meeting this obligation, we also have the 
responsibility to our shareholders to control our tax 
costs. Our overall tax approach is in line with Ahold’s 
overall business principles and code of conduct.
Tax Control Framework and Oversight
To assess and control tax risks we have a “Tax 
Control Framework” in place. For a summary of 
the main tax risks we refer to page 76 of our 2015 
Annual Report. Effectiveness of this framework is 
regularly reviewed by the internal audit function.
The tax function reports to Ahold’s CFO. At least once 
a year a tax risk update is presented by Tax to the 
Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board.
Tax Authorities
Ahold communicates with the tax authorities in a 
transparent way based on mutual trust. In the USA 
we participate in the IRS Compliance Assurance 
Program/CAP and in the Netherlands we signed a 
transparency agreement with the Dutch tax authorities. 
The annual objectives for Ahold’s tax department are 
shared with the Dutch tax authorities.
Government Relations
Being a company close to society we value a 
constructive dialogue regarding many aspects of 
taxation with the government in the countries we 
operate and to respond to government consultations 
on proposed changes to legislation with the aim 
to achieve sustainable legislation. We are also 
active members of industry bodies and chambers 
of commerce.
Compliance to Tax Regulations
We aim to file our tax compliance complete and 
timely and to discuss possible uncertainties about the 
tax treatment upfront with the tax authorities. This helps 
Ahold to comply with local and international tax 
regulations. Ahold does not operate in countries 
which qualify as a tax haven according to the 
European Union world tax havens blacklist.
Tax in the Annual Reports and Accounts
Our effective corporate tax rate over the past 
year was 21.3% (24.4% in 2014) and we paid 
€227 million of corporate income tax, including 
€1 1 1 million in the U.S. and €108 million in 
the Netherlands.
In addition, Ahold paid and collected many other 
local taxes like value added tax, payroll tax and 
social security premiums, property tax, sales and 
use tax, real estate tax, packaging tax, excise tax, 
customs duties etc. The total amount of these taxes 
exceeds €2 billion.

Page 27:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
26
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachOur people
Strong communities need people with the drive to help create a 
healthier, more active and more resilient environment where everyone 
can thrive. 
As a food retailer, we are a community, too. One made up of a 
skilled, healthy and caring workforce that is eager to develop their 
talents and take initiative. When associates feel good about themselves 
and their contributions, it has a positive effect on those around them, 
including our customers. And what is good for our customers is good 
for our business.
Nurturing this type of dedicated workforce requires support, 
encouragement and leadership. So how do we make this happen? 
By creating a culture that fosters curiosity and initiative, and facilitates 
development and growth. Of course this requires ongoing dialogue, 
active listening and acting on our promises. 
This doesn’t mean we ignore the needs of the larger community 
of which we are a part such as, unemployment, a lack of skills in 
demand, at-risk groups looking to find a way to add value and be 
valued. We are taking a driving role in helping overcome these 
challenges, by creating initiatives that change the nature of work, 
and offer opportunities to those who want and need them.
We are convinced that by truly taking care of our people – 
internally and externally – we build physical energy, mental focus 
and emotional drive. This lets us create exciting opportunities for 
ourselves, our company and our communities, so we make society 
fit for the future.
Our people

Page 28:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
27
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachOur people
Be the best
To make all Ahold businesses a better place to work, 
our strategic actions focus on becoming best in place, 
best in people and best in performance. On the 
following pages, you can read what this means for 
us and how we intend to deliver on these goals.
Best in place
Best in place for us means fostering a working 
environment where associates feel free to voice their 
opinions and ideas, and are inspired to be the drivers 
of their own careers, working together with us and 
with their colleagues.
Associate engagement
In 2015, and over the past five years of our 2015 
strategy, we worked hard to increase the level of 
conversation with our associates. We understand 
that even the most engaged associates can become 
disillusioned if we do not pick up on the issues 
confronting them. So Group-wide, we took more 
time to listen and build trust.
Visualizing our strategy
Many associates expressed a need to better 
understand the company strategy and their role in it. 
We launched a campaign introducing visual maps 
of our local strategies. First, the maps were launched 
at Group level; then the businesses took them to their 
top leadership, followed by associates working at our 
offices, distribution centers and stores. Towards the 
end of last year, the maps were shared with the entire 
workforce, helping associates engage more in their 
local strategy, to better help carry it out.
Straight Talks: taking time to listen 
In 2015, we started organizing one-hour face-to-
face dialogue sessions at the Ahold headquarters 
between members of the Executive Committee and 
associates across the organization. The objective is 
to listen to and learn from each other. These Straight 
Talks have no agenda but what associates bring to 
the table. Based on the first, very positive results (a 
score of 8.5 out of 10), we will broaden the scope 
to include more locations and more leaders.
Associate engagement survey
In 2015, we invited all our 236,000 associates 
to participate in our annual global associate 
engagement survey. We are proud of the response 
rate: a record-breaking 88% – an increase of 7% 
over 2014 – took the time to complete the survey 
and provide us feedback on how we are doing. 
The overall results of the survey were encouraging; 
despite changes in our company in 2015, our 
engagement remained a stable 68%. 
To show our appreciation for the time and effort our 
associates had put into completing the survey, we 
made it a priority to communicate the findings as 
quickly as possible. In fact, within two weeks after 
the survey closed, managers could share results 
with their teams, to start developing action plans 
early. We also launched a robust communication 
campaign to all our stores and distribution centers 
across the company, showing key results including 
the three highest scoring and the three lowest 
scoring questions.
Our ambition
Provide a better place to work, and 
support our associates in living healthy 
and sustainable lives
20142013 2015
6867 68
Percentage engaged associates
“Over the last few years I have engaged with 
Ahold in my APG Asset Management role and 
on behalf of the PRI collaborative investor group 
on topics linked to their employees. I am pleased 
to see the progress they have made; introducing 
an annual cross-company engagement survey 
and publicly sharing the result. In the future we 
will continue our dialogue to encourage Ahold 
for more disclosure on human resource metrics 
and holding management to implement its 
commitments in practice.” 
Anna Pot 
All Pensions Group (APG) 
Our “better place to work” promise
Our people are right at the heart of 
our Reshaping Retail strategy, as we 
lead the way forward to become the 
best employer we can be.
Our better place to work promise 
aims to foster an environment where 
colleagues respect each other, 
have good working conditions, get 
opportunities to develop, can count on 
support from their manager and get 
recognition for performance.
To embed this in our organization we 
have identified three key areas: best 
in place, best in people and best 
in performance. We measure our 
progress through the following metrics:
 kAssociate engagement rating
 kThe level of associate participation 
in healthy living programs
 kThe number of active 
sustainability programs

Page 29:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
28
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachOur people
Diversity and inclusion
Our stores are at the core of the diverse communities 
we serve. Embracing differences is essential to our 
success as a leading global retailer; bringing people 
from varied cultures and backgrounds together gives 
us a better understanding of the needs of our entire 
customer base. Diversity and inclusion are closely 
tied to our core values and to our strategic business 
goals. Throughout our businesses, we welcome 
and promote the recruitment, retention and growth 
of a diverse workforce.
For example, the 1,000 “Wajongers” – young adults 
with disabilities – who are part of the Albert Heijn 
workforce are very committed and proud of their 
work. By the end of 2016, Albert Heijn plans to 
employ up to 2,000 “Wajongers” .
Whistleblower line
While we keep an open dialogue with all our 
associates and other stakeholders like suppliers and 
customers, it is not physically feasible to be aware 
of every incident in the workplace. Therefore we 
installed a whistleblower line. Via a local, toll-free 
number, people can express ideas and concerns, 
and report incidents, 24/7 , 365 days a year. 
All calls are confidential, so callers can feel 
comfortable providing useful information without fear 
of reprisal.
Calls are registered in order of priority. 
Priority A calls require immediate review and 
action. Examples include theft in progress, threats of 
physical harm or weapons on company property. 
Priority B calls require prompt review and/or action 
and include ongoing drug abuse, safety issues, and 
theft. Priority C calls require no immediate action. 
Examples are complaints about company policies, 
scheduling or requests for guidance. In 2015 we 
received 2291 calls. By the end of 2015 over 94% 
of all the cases were closed.
Priority
Number of whistleblower line calls 
in 2015 A B C
Financial Misconduct 0 8 1
Business Ethics/
Code of Conduct 1 11 118
Theft/Fraud 0 8 50
Legal & Regulatory 2 188 191
Employee Relations 5 77 1522
Customers, Vendors, 
Business Partners0 1 108
Collective bargaining
We respect and protect the rights of associates: we 
are committed to the principles of equal employment 
opportunities, freedom of association, and respecting 
the legal rights to collective bargaining. In the U.S. 
nearly 78,000 Ahold associates – or 66% of all 
associates in the U.S. businesses – are members 
of unions. Over 99% of our Netherlands-based 
associates are covered by collective bargaining 
agreements (“CAOs”). 
Best in people
We are a people company, and having the right 
people is crucial to our success. We strongly 
believe that we can bring out the best in people by 
fostering their curiosity and initiative, and facilitating 
their development. Ongoing dialog, Individual 
Development Plans (IDPs) and innovative, ground-
breaking employment initiatives help our people 
develop so they can make a real difference in our 
workplace, and in the communities they serve.
As you can see from the following examples, we 
have achieved a lot in 2015. We are particularly 
proud to share some great examples of associate-
driven health and community-support initiatives.
Healthy living programs 
In 2015, over 30,000 associates participated 
in our healthy living programs; similar to last year. 
This is an example of how we are “walking the talk”. 
We are impressed with how well our associates are 
supporting our healthy living philosophy: in fact, many 
of our health programs were initiated and developed 
by associates. 
Benefits and Wellness Fair
Associates in the Giant Carlisle office in the 
U.S. attended the 2015 Benefits and Wellness 
Fair. As part of the fair, 37 vendors provided 
information on cancer, blood pressure and blood 
sugar screenings, home/child safety, credit reports, 
massages, cooking demonstrations, yoga, Zumba, 
Crossfit, fitness clubs, and children’s fitness. 
Associates attending the Wellness Fair had the 
opportunity to receive a free flue shot.
20142013 2015
28,64427 ,000
30,103
Number of participants 
in healthy living programs
In focus
Nation’s biggest running event
As part of our “Better place to work” strategy we 
encourage our associates to lead healthy, active 
lifestyles. And successfully. In 2015, a record-breaking 
3,100 Ahold colleagues participated in the hugely 
popular Dam to Dam run (“Dam tot Dam loop”).
The Dam to Dam run is the biggest running event in the 
Netherlands and is famous among professional and 
recreational runners. In 2015, it was a big spectacle with 
entrants running 10 English miles (16.1 kilometers) from 
Dam square in Amsterdam to Dam square in Zaandam. 
In addition to the main 10-mile race, the event hosted 
shorter races for children, a five-mile race by night through 
the streets of Zaandam, and several business team 
competitions. The event attracted 88,000 people from 
all over the world.
“Running the Dam to Dam run with so many colleagues 
was a fantastic experience!,” says Nic Brassey, SVP 
HR Albert Heijn. Nic ran the 10 miles and was hugely 
impressed with the atmosphere and the professional 
organization. “I loved the atmosphere; the support of the 
group and the crowd really kept me going. The event was 
superbly organized too; no doubt an event of this scope 
took months of careful preparation.” 

Page 30:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
29
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachOur people
Fresh Fruit Program – eating fresh made easy
For 1,835 Ahold USA associates, Wednesdays 
just got a little healthier. In 2015, Ahold introduced 
an exciting Fresh Fruit delivery program; every 
Wednesday morning, Peapod delivers fresh fruit to 
the Ahold USA support offices on a weekly basis.
A holistic approach to feeling great
In the Netherlands, Albert Heijn associates keep 
moving – at work and at home. Besides the long-
running program, Fit&Fun, the company fitness plan 
and workout clinics, associates take part in a wide 
variety of sporting events throughout the year – from 
the annual Amsterdam Dam to Dam run, to company 
soccer games, golf tournaments and cycling 
competitions. Many of these events are initiated by 
associates, and sponsored by Albert Heijn.
Performance management
By fostering initiative, naturally we create a hunger 
for development and growth. Because our ambitions 
for the years to come require new skills and 
management capabilities, we introduced a new 
performance management program globally in 
2013, rolling it out across all stores and department 
heads in 2014-2015. This program includes career 
development tools that enable associates to clearly 
express their career ambitions, build on their talents 
and progress towards their full potential.
Individual Development Plans
As part of our performance management program, 
we encourage our associates to create Individual 
Development Plans (IDPs). An IDP is a structured 
plan focused on keeping associates’ skills up to 
date for their current role, adopting new skills for 
a special project, or preparing them for a new 
position. IDPs help associates identify aspirations, 
describe goals, choose activities that will help meet 
them, set key milestones and create a timeline for the 
completion of their goals. 
Our step by step guidelines help our associates 
create realistic and robust IDPs and take a 
70-20-10 approach:
 a 70% of developmental activities should be 
challenging, work-related assignments to develop 
necessary skills
 a 20% of developmental activities should be 
through developmental relationships where they 
can develop through coaching and feedback 
from others
 a 10% of developmental activities should be invested 
in coursework and training
In focus
Albert Heijn hires 1,000th “Wajonger”
It’s February 8, 2016, and Sanne Jans has just signed 
her employment contract with Albert Heijn. This officially 
makes Sanne the 1,000th “Wajonger” – young adult 
with a disability – employed by Albert Heijn.
Jetta Klijnsma, State Secretary for Social Affairs, 
congratulates Sanne on her contract: “It’s so encouraging 
that Albert Heijn has already 1,000 ‘Wajongers’ 
working for them, providing these young people with an 
irreplaceable opportunity.”
With over 900 stores and some 100,000 associates, 
Albert Heijn is a major employer in the Netherlands, and 
takes its responsibilities seriously. “Our goal is to employ 
2,000 “Wajongers” by the end of 2016,” says Cees 
van Vliet, Albert Heijn EVP Stores & Distribution. This is 
an ambitious target that requires commitment and close 
cooperation with our partners. To accelerate the process, 
Albert Heijn has set up a dedicated team of motivated 
associates – regional coordinators and job coaches – from 
all over the organization. 

Page 31:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
30
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachOur people
Succession planning
Our global management development initiative 
supports the organization by maintaining pools of 
talented people who are eager to grow and gain 
responsibility, to fill key positions. At Ahold, our 
management development starts with listening to our 
associates’ career ambitions. Then we align human 
resources activities with business objectives, ensuring 
we always have a pool of qualified and engaged 
people ready for management opportunities.
Throughout the year, we organize four management 
development meetings to review successors for key 
executive positions, key retail positions and other key 
continental positions. We then coordinate and align 
individual development plans, identify key positions 
and appoint successors for these positions. During the 
rest of the year, management development is an 
ongoing process that monitors and controls how 
effectively we manage succession within Ahold.
Managing My Career site
At Ahold, we want our associates to continue to 
develop and help us to win in our marketplace. 
Managing My Career – a new web-based tool was 
built to help associates feel empowered in taking 
ownership of their career and can help to identify 
opportunities for development and designing a 
career path. It is also a great resource for developing 
Individual Development Plans (IDP). 
The Managing My Career tool was originally rolled 
out in Ahold USA to support associates, managers 
and the business with the career development 
process. It provides a career development framework 
that gives associates the ability to explore career 
interests and understand requirements that will help 
prepare them for their next move. 
The tool highlights key roles by function, provides 
the recommended skills and experience, and shares 
success stories of associates working in those roles 
who have built a career with the organization.
The web tool is supported by printed materials, 
including posters and pamphlets, specifically for 
store associates. 
Following its success in the U.S., the tool is planned 
to be rolled out in Albert Heijn in 2016. 
Progressive employer: changing the nature of work
Our communities today face many challenges 
including unemployment with young graduates 
and other workers lacking the right skills for today’s 
economy. As a leading employer in our communities, 
we are not only taking responsibility for our own 
workforce, but are also introducing new employment 
initiatives that change the nature of work.
For instance, bringing education, training, and the 
labor market closer together, Albert Heijn is the first 
retailer in the Netherlands to run several initiatives – 
local and national -, that enable scholars and students 
to combine their studies with a part-time or temporary 
job at Albert Heijn.
We believe that young people cannot prepare for 
the labor market by studying only; they must be able 
to discover their talents and gain real experience in 
a proper working environment. Our programs offer 
flexible scheduling, internships on several education 
levels, and plenty of opportunity to discover and 
develop basic management skills. We are proud to 
provide them with a great way to start to their career, 
in retail or elsewhere.
In focus
Rising stars help Stop & Shop shoot 
up from good to great
In the U.S., Stop & Shop launched a new 
comprehensive associate sustainability program in 
which management, District Centric Teams (DCTs) and 
support staff take ownership of actions, results and 
their own personal development. 
The program is open to associates interested in 
advancing their careers, and who are willing to take 
on additional responsibilities including traveling and 
working nights. Once accepted into the program, the 
associate is challenged to own a process or area within 
the store, receiving detailed learning objectives and 
providing continuous updates to management. Rising Star 
candidates wear pins on their name badges so they can 
be easily identified. 
The Rising Stars support personnel and store associates 
on a day-to-day basis, and the DCTs when they visit 
the store. Their successes are recognized, with personal 
stories and pictures communicated throughout the 
business. By investing in our associates’ personal and 
professional growth, we help position our organization for 
future growth. We have expanded the program to other 
U.S. divisions, where qualified, well-trained associates  
will ensure we continue our journey from good to great.

Page 32:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
31
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachOur people
Best in performance
To support our growth ambition, we challenge 
ourselves and our associates to be better 
every day. Performance management is crucial 
to this. What are we doing to become ‘best in 
performance’? We have an excellent performance 
management cycle in place, designed to support 
managers and associates in measuring, recognizing 
and encouraging performance. Throughout the cycle, 
ongoing dialog keeps us tuned in with expectations 
and goals, regular evaluations, personal development 
and career planning. 
Making every Albert store a favorite of customers  
and associates alike 
In 2015, Albert rolled out its “Favorite store” concept 
to its Albert supermarkets in the Czech Republic. 
This concept combines format improvements with new 
ways of working that give associates more autonomy 
to solve problems.
Albert involved its associates to help create a more 
pleasant shopping experience for customers and a 
better place to work for themselves. Over 20 store 
associate ideas were implemented: in the stores, 
distribution centers and support offices. 
Many of the improvements were communications-
related, including the “Happy Cars” project. As part 
of this project, associates from the different part of the 
organization will frequently visit each other to share 
ideas and concerns on how new initiatives impact 
their work. 
With positive customer reactions and sales uplifts in 
the stores, the concept has been so successful that 
Albert is now also rolling it out to its larger-format 
former SPAR stores.
Training and development
Our commitment to helping our associates fulfill their 
full potential starts at the very top of the organization. 
Our executive board members and management 
have a strong commitment to our philosophy that 
leadership development should be leader led. 
Not only do they play an active role in helping 
define training topics and material, but also in 
leading sessions themselves. They take great pride 
in sharing their knowledge and expertise with our 
next generation of leaders. They believe 100% in 
the potential and future of our company and our 
workforce – and it shows!
Ahold Retail Academy
The annual Ahold Retail Academy (ARA) brings 
together leaders from across Ahold’s businesses, for a 
program that focuses on our Reshaping Retail strategy 
and in particular our values of making ideas happen 
and winning together. The ARA has been Ahold’s 
cornerstone program for talent development since 
1999. Talented managers around Ahold together 
take part in an intensive one-week course of study 
around retailing processes and strategy, Ahold’s 
Reshaping Retail pillars and promises, retail best 
practices and industry trends, and to build their own 
Ahold-wide network. 
The program includes presentations, discussions and 
working sessions led by senior management and 
colleagues from across Ahold as well as external 
speakers from Cornell University. Participants looked 
at the retail trends facing our company today, and at 
how to bring our Reshaping Retail strategy to life so 
we can stay ahead of our customers’ expectations. 
The experience was rounded out with a visit to the 
new AH XL store in Eindhoven that truly reflects Albert 
Heijn’s passion for fresh and healthy eating, and is a 
testing ground for concepts for other stores.
Building new leaders
The sixth annual Ahold Leadership Academy (ALA) 
took place in October 2015 at Harvard Business School 
in Boston. 
Participants had spirited discussions with members of the 
ExCo. Dick Boer outlined Ahold’s performance, leadership, 
culture and direction for the future; Chief Commercial 
Officer Hanneke Faber provided insight into our price/value 
equation; Chief Human Resources Officer Abbe Luersman 
spoke on the role of leaders, and Chief Legal Officer Jan 
Ernst de Groot gave an update on our Responsible Retailing 
strategy. The participants also worked on case studies, using 
best practices from companies such as Costco, HEB, Unilever 
and Home Depot, inspiring them to think about how to solve 
strategic issues, taking advantage of our collective strengths 
and capabilities.
In focus

Page 33:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
32
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachResponsible Products
Years ago, food retailers simply sold food, but the world has changed. 
In the face of media reports on product recalls, depletion of natural 
resources, deforestation and questions about working conditions, 
consumer expectations have changed. They look to retailers to 
provide high-quality products, sourced with respect for the environment 
and the communities they come from, and clearly labeled so they can 
make well-informed choices. 
As a food retailer serving customers for 129 years, we are committed to 
sell safe, high-quality products that benefit everyone in our value chain 
– from farmer to customer. Therefore, we are continuously analyzing our 
supply chain to obtain maximum visibility of what’s involved in growing, 
producing and shipping our products, and are driving improvements 
where we can. 
Over the past few years, we have identified and addressed risks, 
further rolled out Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) standards to 
ensure the safety of our products and pushed responsible sourcing 
of critical commodities. 
Responsible products

Page 34:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
33
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachResponsible products
Target
80% GFSI standards
We require all our own-brand food suppliers to meet 
the food safety requirements as laid out by any of the 
Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) standards. At the 
end of 2015, 96% of our own-brand food suppliers 
serving the European market, and 93% serving the 
U.S. market had been GFSI-certified.
Food safety (GFSI)
percentage of own-brand food suppliers GFSI certified
93%
U.S.  
businesses
96%
European  
businesses
Target
100% social compliance
In recent years, we have committed significant 
resources to selecting our suppliers, monitoring 
their performance and supporting them in making 
improvements to their processes and working 
conditions. Our goal was to have all suppliers in high-
risk countries audited by the end of 2012. Despite our 
Stepping Stone program (that gives selected suppliers 
up to one year to comply with our regulations), we 
have come in just under our target, achieving 96% 
of suppliers serving our European market and 90% 
serving the U.S. market. 
Informed managers
To ensure our success in driving supplier compliance, 
we train our quality and sourcing managers on our 
social compliance and sustainability requirements. 
They play a key role in our responsible sourcing 
efforts, and are in charge of negotiating prices and 
agreements. A strong supply chain is built on solid 
and mutually beneficial relationships. The following 
examples show how we work together with suppliers 
and partners.
Supporting Fair Food tomatoes
Last year, Ahold USA became the first of America’s 
major grocers to join the Coalition of Immokalee 
Workers’ (CIW) Fair Food Program, the widely-
acclaimed partnership dedicated to delivering 
responsibly sourced tomatoes and improving the lives 
of the country’s farmworkers. Ahold USA’s support for 
the Fair Food Program extends its long track record 
on responsible product sourcing.
Ahold USA is the first major grocer in the U.S. to join 
the program, and its participation will increase the 
number of U.S. grocery stores carrying Fair Food 
tomatoes by approximately 75%. 
Ahold USA companies will support CIW to ensure 
timely inspections and audits of the participating farms. 
Ahold USA has committed to continue to purchase 
Florida tomatoes only from growers participating in the 
program, and to support the Fair Food Program with 
expanded marketing and advertising, including in-store 
displays, online visibility and education materials for 
associates at the Ahold USA divisions.
Our ambition
Source our products – including their 
packaging – with respect for people, 
animals and the environment
“We are truly proud to welcome Ahold USA into 
the Fair Food Program and are excited about 
the opportunity to work with an industry leader 
like Ahold. Ahold USA is the first of the country’s 
major grocers to join the program and, as such, 
not only will its partnership help propel our efforts 
to protect farmworkers’ rights, but we believe 
its market leadership will send an invaluable 
message to the rest of the grocery industry 
that social responsibility is greatly strengthened 
when workers, suppliers and retailers work 
together toward a more modern, more humane 
agricultural industry.”
Gerardo Reyes  
of the CIW
U.S. Europe U.S. Europe U.S. Europe
36
66 72 80
70
88
74 82 90 96 90 96
Social compliance percentage of suppliers in 
high-risk countries audited on social compliance
20142013 2015
Supporting Ghana and its 
children to grow
Children in Obodan, Ghana, are excited: a brand new 
building with three classrooms and plenty of space 
has replaced the site of their former derelict school 
building. Obodan is a small village with only about 
1,500 residents, many of whom are pineapple farmers. 
Their pineapples are processed at Blue Skies, a local 
fresh fruit production facility that also has operations in 
South Africa, Senegal and Egypt. 
Having the fruit grown, cut and wrapped at the facility helps 
the local economy thrive. All the fruit cut at the Ghanaian 
production facility ends up on Albert Heijn shelves, with the 
Albert Heijn own-brand label. Harvested yesterday, the fruit 
is cut and wrapped today, then flown to the Netherlands, 
ready for our customers tomorrow morning. For more 
information on projects we do with the AH foundation 
please read the report which can be downloaded here.
In focus
As part of our 201 1-2015 strategy 
we set ourselves the following targets:
 kEnsure that 80% of our own-brand 
food suppliers meet Global Food 
Safety Initiative (GFSI)-recognized 
standards by 2012
 kEnsure that 100% of our own-brand 
food suppliers in high-risk countries 
are audited on social compliance 
by 2012
 kSource 100% of the six critical 
commodities for our own-brand 
products in accordance with industry 
certification standards by 2015
 kPerform an annual risk assessment 
to identify hot-spots in our own-brand 
supply chain
 kReport on the number of 
products reviewed against 4R 
packaging guidelines

Page 35:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
34
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachResponsible products
Target
100% of six critical commodities
The production of commodities such as coffee, tea, 
cocoa, palm oil, soy and seafood can have a big 
impact, environmentally and socially. We partner 
with organizations like UTZ to support sustainable 
farming, creating better opportunities for farmers, 
their families and our planet.
We have set ourselves a target to source tea, 
coffee, cocoa, palm oil, soy and seafood 100% in 
accordance with credible sustainability standards 
by 2015. Credible sustainability standards are 
multi-stakeholder initiatives or supported by multiple 
stakeholders. They include third-party verification, and 
focus on mitigating the main environmental and social 
issues associated with a commodity’s production. 
Credible standards are science-based, globally 
consistent and focus on continuously improving 
production and supply chain practices.
Coffee, tea and cocoa
We made great strides in coffee, tea and cocoa. 
99% of Albert Heijn and 100% Albert own-brand 
coffee is sustainably sourced. We have one 
remaining non-certified product at Ahold USA but this 
will be replaced with a certified alternative in 2016. 
For tea, Albert Heijn and Albert achieved 100% 
certification. All of Ahold USA’s newly sourced tea is 
100% sustainable and existing stock will be depleted 
soon. In cocoa, we came under target at 85%. 
Palm oil, soy and seafood
For palm oil, soy and seafood, we dedicated 
considerable efforts to better understand the 
challenges involved in reaching our 100% certified 
targets on all three commodities. We are well 
underway towards achieving these targets. Also, 
as a partner in several initiatives, we are influencing 
and even leading the retail industry in driving 
positive change.
Palm oil
The use of unsustainable palm oil is an ongoing 
concern and focus area for Ahold. To feed growing 
demand, tropical forests may be converted provide 
land for oil palm plantations, endangering wildlife 
habitats and emitting carbon. Our target is 100% 
certified, segregated and mass balance palm oil.
Globally, by the end of 2015, 65% of our total palm 
oil usage was physically certified; 17% of which is 
certified segregated palm oil and 48% of which is 
certified mass balance. To meet our 100% target, 
we bought palm oil credits to cover the remaining 
volume. In 2015, we also reviewed our palm kernel 
oil use and bought book and claim credits to cover 
this volume. 
Ahold has been working closely with each of its 
suppliers – both large and small -- to report their 
palm oil footprint, and check their sustainability status. 
For those suppliers who aren’t certified yet, we work 
together to set a timeline towards sustainable palm 
oil. Many suppliers, especially the smaller ones, find 
the steps to becoming certified quite overwhelming, 
so we’ve introduced them to group certification – 
which makes the process more accessible for 
small users. 
“Ahold is making sustainable palm oil a reality for 
many companies that would otherwise dismiss the 
idea because of complexity or cost,” says Björn 
Wevers, CEO of Alioth, an RSPO Group Manager. 
“Ahold not only educates, but works with suppliers 
by providing direction and tools enabling them to 
achieve certification.”
Soy
To grow soybeans, vast expanses of land are 
needed. Production in South America is overtaking 
large areas in fragile ecosystems, threatening wildlife 
and biodiversity and adversely affecting people, the 
global climate and water reserves. 
In Europe, we are working with industry-wide groups 
to increase the demand for sustainable soy, pushing 
meat, dairy and egg producers to respond to that 
need. We have calculated our annual soy footprint, 
and have asked our Dutch animal products suppliers 
to either purchase Round Table on Responsible Soy 
(RTRS) or equivalent certified soy, or offset their annual 
volumes of by purchasing RTRS credits. We are 
getting a good response from our suppliers. By the 
end of 2015, 100% of soy embedded in simple 
animal products in the Netherlands was covered by 
RTRS credits as a minimum.
Our U.S. suppliers use domestic soy that is not linked 
to deforestation in sensitive South American regions, 
like the Amazon or Cerrado, and are therefore 
exempted from this target.
coffee tea cocoa segregated
/ mass 
balance 
palm oil
palm oil
credits
soy seafood
99
83 85
65
100 100
73
Critical commodities
percentage of sales certi/f_ied against industry standards
In focus
Using our global reach
As a global, forward-looking company, we 
also work with industry stakeholders, NGOs, 
governments and other partners, including 
the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF), the 
Food Marketing Institute (FMI) and the Dutch 
Food Retail Association (“Centraal Bureau 
Levensmiddelen” (CBL)). 
Together, we strive to improve sustainability, 
transparency, empower workers and 
drive compliance worldwide.
Smallholders
Smallholders, or small farmers, play a vital role 
in palm oil production. They may each plant on 
small plots of land, but combined, they can have a 
considerable impact on the environment. 
Smallholders often face significant challenges 
implementing more sustainable farming and management 
practices needed to achieve RSPO certification. 
These practices can bring higher yields and better market 
access, resulting in a higher turnover, and an income that 
they can use to obtain better healthcare or education 
for their families. 
Although Ahold does not directly source from smallholders, 
we do want to support them in achieving certification. 
In 2015, Ahold purchased a number of Book & Claim 
credits from companies that have a track record of helping 
smallholders achieve certification.

Page 36:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
35
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachResponsible products
Seafood
We strive to buy as much seafood as possible from 
sustainable sources that meet Marine Stewardship 
Council (MSC), Aquaculture Stewardship Council 
(ASC) standards and Best Aquaculture Practices 
(BAP). By the end of 2015, our Group-wide 
percentage of sustainable seafood was 73%, 
a tremendous improvement over last year’s 44%. 
It is important to us that all our seafood suppliers 
are MSC-, ASC- or GAA 2 star certified. However, 
some suppliers find it difficult to become certified, 
and use standards that are not (yet) considered 
equivalent to MSC or ASC. To help our suppliers 
achieve sustainability, we have set up a stepping 
stone approach.
Ahold USA offers 76 own-brand seafood 
species of which all but 4% are considered 
sustainable according to our approved certification 
standards. Ahold USA is working with the New 
England Aquarium to transition the last 4% to 
sustainable programs.
Albert Heijn continues to concentrate its efforts on 
research and collaboration as a founding member 
of the Global Sustainable Seafood Initiative, a global 
platform that aims to make more sustainable seafood 
available to everyone. 
We consider seafood produced locally in the Czech 
Republic to be sustainable. However, as this seafood 
is not certified to a credible standard, we do not 
include it in our numbers.
Pick the “tick”
From 2015, all of Albert Heijn’s own-brand 
wood and paper products are FSC-certified. 
FSC certification is issued by the Forest Stewardship 
Council (FSC) and ensures that products come from 
well-managed forests that are evaluated to meet 
FSC’s strict environmental and social standards. 
Albert Heijn sells a range of FSC-certified products, 
including cocktail picks and skewer sticks, rolling 
pins and wooden spoons, and a range of paper 
and cardboard products such as napkins, plates, 
tissues, toilet paper and office paper. All products 
carry the green FSC “tick-tree” logo, making it easier 
for customers to to choose products that support 
forest conservation.
Albert Heijn’s popular magazine Allerhande – with 
a circulation of over 2 million – is now also printed 
on FSC paper. 
“Ahold has shown leadership in how it has 
tackled the sourcing of critical commodities 
and engaged in international platforms that 
are changing the way global retail operates 
on sustainability. Although Albert Heijn’s 
performance in the area of seafood, coffee 
and cacao, have made the headlines, I believe 
its efforts to move the entire sector towards 
sustainable sourcing of soy and palm oil – for 
example through the Consumer Good Forum – 
deserve recognition.
Finally, I am pleased to see Albert Heijn is 
increasingly adopting FSC-certified paper 
for its products. This is an area where WWF 
challenged the leading Dutch supermarket to 
raise its game.”
Richard Holland 
Global Director, Market Transformation World Wildlife Fund
In focus
ASC-certified salmon
Albert Heijn has made great progress in making 
its own-brand sea food products more sustainable. 
From 1 June, 2015, the bulk of Albert Heijn’s fresh 
and frozen salmon is ASC-certified and labeled so 
customers can easily identify the responsibly sourced 
sea food products. 
Albert Heijn is the first supermarket in the Netherlands to 
offer ASC-certified salmon on this scale. This is remarkable, 
considering most of the fish is sourced from Norway where 
only a very small percentage is actually ASC-certified.
Albert Heijn promotes the newly certified salmon products 
both inside and outside the stores. For instance, customers 
can read the story behind the products online, and win a visit 
to supplier Marine Harvest in Norway, where they can see 
for themselves how ASC-certified salmon is farmed.

Page 37:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
36
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachResponsible products
In focus
Target
Sustainability hot-spots
As reported last year, we no longer report on our 
target to map 50% of our own-brand suppliers 
environmental footprint. When this target was set in 
201 1, we were looking at ways to map the footprint 
of our suppliers in detail. We recognize that we 
can have a greater impact if we focus on so-called 
“hot-spots” linked not only to environmental but also to 
social and animal welfare issues.
We now conduct an analysis of our own-brand 
assortment, screening any potential risks related to 
environmental, social and animal welfare issues in 
our own-brand supply chain. This analysis helps 
us set policies and improve the sustainability of 
those products.
Own-brand risk analysis
In 2010, we began conducting an annual 
analysis of our own-brand assortment to identify 
sustainability issues in our supply chain, such as 
climate, biodiversity, water, land, social conditions 
and animal welfare. Based on the results of the risk 
analysis, we set policies to address the sustainability 
issues identified.
In 2015, we carried out a risk analysis at all our 
operating units, and at Group level. Input for the 
risk analysis was provided by associates from our 
Quality, Responsible Retailing and Product Integrity 
departments, and external sources, including 
The Sustainability Consortium (TSC).
Animal welfare
Supporting the globally recognized Five Freedoms 
of animal welfare, we are committed to working 
with supply chain partners to implement practices 
consistent with the Five Freedoms. These are:
 a Freedom from hunger, thirst and malnutrition 
 a Freedom from fear and distress 
 a Freedom from physical and thermal discomfort 
 a Freedom from pain, injury and disease 
 a Freedom to express normal patterns of behavior
While we know we still can improve, we do have 
some best practices to share:
Responsibly produced chicken guaranteed
By the end of 2015, Albert Heijn had replaced 
its existing “Dutch chicken” with the “New AH 
chicken,” a Hubbard breed. The new chicken grows 
more slowly, lives longer and is raised with more 
space and a natural day/night rhythm, and needs 
fewer antibiotics.
To communicate the advantages to our customers, 
the “New AH chicken” label highlights the vitality of 
the Hubbard breed and refers customers to the Albert 
Heijn website for more information. In addition, Albert 
Heijn offers the largest assortment of sustainable 
chicken in the Netherlands, making up 77% of all 
organic chicken and 62% of all free range chicken.
Ahold USA commits to sell only cage-free own-brand 
shell eggs
In February 2016, and as part of its responsible 
retailing efforts, Ahold USA announced that its 
companies will sell only cage-free own-brand shell 
eggs by 2022. Cage-free means the hens laying 
the eggs are able to roam freely within an open 
barn and utilize nesting boxes. This method enables 
a more natural behavior and full movement of the 
hens to spread their wings rather than being restricted 
within a cage.
Ahold USA and its retail divisions will continue to 
work with the most reputable suppliers to source 
cage-free eggs produced with respect for the animal.
Packaging
We follow our Group-wide 4R packaging guidelines 
to: reduce the amount of packaging in both weight 
and volume, develop reusable packaging and 
use recycled material where possible, and use 
renewable content like certified materials such as 
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper. 
In 2015, Group-wide, we reviewed 3,470 of our 
own-brand products. This is considerably more 
than last year, when we achieved a Group total 
of 1,704 products.
Giving customers more choice in organics
Three out of four Dutch households buy organic food,  
and the number is increasing. 
To serve their needs, Albert Heijn introduced “AH Biologisch”: 
a new, organic own-brand line of nearly 500 products. 
To mark the launch, an organic food pop-up store was 
opened for a week in Amsterdam, letting people see, 
experience, taste, and, of course, buy a wide range of 
organic products. Following this success, a permanent, 
small-scale Albert Heijn organic store was opened in Utrecht. 
As a result, in 2015 sales of organic products at Albert Heijn 
were more than 3% as part of total sales. 
“We are glad that Albert Heijn took a serious 
step to improve the living conditions of the 
broiler chicken. For example, Albert Heijn’s New 
Chicken has a healthier growth cycle and more 
living space, both of which are very important for 
its well-being. Albert Heijn took its responsibility 
as a market leader by being the first supermarket 
to take this step. We hope that Albert Heijn will 
also be the first to take the next step: to chicken 
with one “Beter Leven” (Better Life) star of the 
Dutch Association for the Protection of Animals. 
Just like Albert Heijn did with pork.” 
Hanneke van Ormondt  
Wakker Dier

Page 38:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
37
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategyLooking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCare for the environment
Today, some seven billion people live on our planet. Together,  
each year, we consume more natural resources than the earth  
can regenerate. With a growing population, if consumption follows  
the scale predicted by the United Nations, we will need 2 Earths  
worth of resources per year by 2030. Clearly, we must take action. 
Our planet is facing the impact of climate change driven by emissions 
of greenhouse gases, much of it caused by inefficient energy usage 
and packaging and food waste. 
At Ahold, we take our responsibility for using the planet’s resources 
sustainably very seriously. As a food retailer, we can make a  
difference by reducing waste – of energy, food and non-food  
materials – directly in our own operations and through actions with 
partners and suppliers. To protect the very resources we depend 
upon we are adopting fresh perspectives, new technologies and 
eco-friendly business processes throughout our operations. This ensures 
our sustained growth, gives our customers a more positive shopping 
experience and makes us a better neighbor in our community.
Care for the  
environment

Page 39:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
38
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategyLooking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCare for the environment
Target
Reduce CO2 emissions per square meter 
of sales area by 20% in our operations 
by 2015 against our 2008 baseline
Electricity
Grid electricity accounts for 49% of our overall 
CO2 footprint, so by using less energy, we decrease 
our greenhouse gas emissions. We are reducing 
our electricity consumption in a number of ways. 
In 2015, we:
 a Implemented low-energy LED lighting systems 
in all remodeled and new stores, reducing our 
energy bill by approximately 41% 
 a Became the first retailer in the Netherlands to install 
fully-closable refrigerator doors, saving us around 
25% in electricity for cooling
 a Installed high-efficiency heat pumps, which uses 
waste heat from the refrigerators to heat the stores 
Our initiatives resulted in a CO2 reduction of 25.8% 
per square meter of sales area compared to our 
2008 baseline.
LEED and LED
In the U.S., we continue to be leaders in green retailing. 
In 2013, we had already reported that a total of 56 U.S. 
stores received Leadership in Energy and Environmental 
Design (LEED)-certification from the U.S. Green Building 
Council (USGBC). 
LEED-certified buildings save money and resources, have 
a positive impact on the health of occupants and promote 
renewable, clean energy. This year, we can report that 74 of 
our stores are now LEED-certified and that all our distribution 
centers and stores have LED lighting systems. With this new 
total, we have the largest fleet of LEED-certified stores among 
grocery retailers in the U.S. 
In October 2015, Ahold USA received a Green Power 
Leadership Award from the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA). The award recognizes EPA Green Power 
Partners who distinguish themselves through purchases 
of green power from a utility green power product, a 
power purchase agreement or a renewable energy 
certificate product. 
Ahold USA businesses are purchasing nearly 350 million 
kilowatt-hours (kWh) of green power annually and are buying 
renewable energy certificates from 3Degrees. In addition, 
Ahold USA is generating nearly nine million kWh annually 
from an on-site solar energy system.
“We congratulate and commend Ahold for its leadership 
as a LEED Volume Partner. With each new LEED-certified 
building we get one step closer to USGBC’s vision of a 
sustainably-built environment within a generation. With these 
certifications, Ahold USA has demonstrated its commitment 
to the green building movement and working toward a better 
future for everyone in the neighborhoods and communities in 
which these stores will be a part of daily life.” Rick Fidrizzi, 
president, CEO and founding chair of the USGBC.
In focusOur ambition
Reduce our environmental footprint
Legend:
1 Electricity 49% 
2 Refrigerants  29%
3 Fuel 12%
4 Gas  10%
CO2 emissions
kg per square meter of sales area
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
567 574 543 507 480 473 465
2015
420
As part of our 201 1-2015 strategy, 
we identified four key action areas for 
improvement: electricity, refrigeration, 
transport and gas, and (food) waste. 
We set ourselves the following targets:
 kReduce CO2 emissions per square 
meter of sales area by 20% in our 
operations by 2015 against our 
2008 baseline
 kEliminate landfill as a disposal 
method by 2020
 kBy 2015, reduce the number of 
disposable bags at the checkout 
in the U.S. by one billion
 kReport on the percentage of food 
waste compared to total food sales

Page 40:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
39
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategyLooking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCare for the environment
Albert Heijn XL – LED there be light!
With an innovative and extensive fresh food 
selection, it is clear that the Albert Heijn XL store in 
Eindhoven offers customers a shopping experience 
that appeals to all four senses. But what is perhaps 
less obvious is the sustainable design of the store that 
enables Albert Heijn to reduce its carbon footprint 
and protect its bottom line.
The store features a mix of sustainable materials, 
while 1,200 solar roof panels generate sufficient 
green energy for everyday operations. A new low-
energy LED lighting plan adjusts intuitively throughout 
the course of the day; when the sun is high, the light 
intensity is 100%; at dusk it lowers to 60%; and in the 
evening it dims further, to 30%. So whatever time of 
day, fresh food products are always shown in their 
best light. What’s more, LEDs have a 50,000-hour 
life, compared to halogen’s 3,000 hours, and require 
less maintenance. It is proving to be a great return 
on investment, with an expected pay-back period of 
only three years.
The Albert Heijn XL store in Eindhoven is one of the 
126 Dutch stores that have already fully switched to 
LED lighting. With the proven savings, Albert Heijn 
has made the LED smart lighting system the standard 
for all new and remodeled stores. 
Refrigeration
As a member of the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) 
Sustainability Steering Committee we are committed 
to reducing the environmental impact of our 
refrigeration systems. Refrigerant leakage accounts 
for 29% of Ahold’s carbon footprint. We are running 
a global program to phase out HFCs in large-scale 
refrigeration, and replace them with eco-friendly 
CO2 refrigerants. CO2 refrigerants are highly efficient, 
reduce energy costs and increase the operational 
lifetime of the installation.
CO2 refrigeration eliminates the need for gas
In the Netherlands, we are working hard to reduce 
our gas consumption. Since 2010, we have installed 
integrated heating and cooling systems in new and 
existing stores, using “waste” heat from refrigeration 
systems that use CO2 as a refrigerant for freezing. 
The waste heat from this process now heats the 
stores, eliminating the need for gas altogether. So far, 
over 380 stores in the Netherlands have been 
retrofitted with the heat booster system, and are no 
longer connected to the local gas mains.
Transportation and gas
Fuel consumption is responsible for another 12% 
of our overall carbon footprint. To cut greenhouse 
gas emissions from transportation, we enhanced 
our loading and route planning procedures, installed 
side skirts on our trucks and started to switch to 
natural gas. This resulted in achieving a reduction 
of 14% globally in exhaust emissions compared 
to 2010.
Our efforts have already been recognized by the 
Lean and Green program that inspires companies 
to reduce their CO2 emissions as Ahold Transport 
in the Netherlands received a lean and green star 
in 2015.
Refrigeration update
Albert Heijn was the first of our businesses to pilot  
eco-friendly refrigerant in 2010, installing three  
trans-critical refrigeration systems that use CO 2 for 
both cooling and freezing. 
By the end of 2010, Albert Heijn measured 2.2 metric tons 
of refrigerant substance leakage, equaling 8.3% of its total 
installed base. In 2015, after further rollouts, refrigerant 
leakage had decreased by 48% compared to 2010, 
to a total of 4.3% of the total installed base.
In 2015, over 350 stores in the Netherlands and Belgium 
were also running on hybrid CO2 systems, while more 
than 60 stores had been fitted with full CO2 refrigeration 
installations. What’s more, in June 2015, the new Giant 
store in Springfield, Virginia, running a full trans-critical CO2 
refrigeration installation, received the EPA GreenChill Platinum 
level certification, awarded to stores that are leading in 
dramatically reducing their impact on climate change.
In focus

Page 41:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
40
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategyLooking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCare for the environment
Target
Eliminate landfill as a disposal method 
by 2020
Across Ahold, we aspire to achieve “zero-waste-to-
landfill” by 2020, diverting 90% to other uses. It’s a 
bold ambition, but we have made good progress.
Internally, we are increasing awareness, training 
associates on how to properly sort waste materials 
such as paper and plastics. Results on sorting are 
monitored, and we saw a reduction in our overall 
waste by 3% per square meter sales area compared 
to last year.
In the U.S., organic waste is the second highest 
component of landfills, which are the largest source 
of methane emissions. During the year, Ahold USA 
diverted 88% of its total waste from landfills and 73% 
from landfill and incineration. Over 20% of this total 
waste represented organic waste diverted through 
composting, animal feed and digestion processes 
(see “Food waste”). 
Target
By 2015, reduce the number of  
disposable bags at the checkout in  
the U.S. by one billion
Our target in the U.S. was to reduce shopping bags 
by one billion compared to 201 1, our baseline year. 
While we didn’t meet that target, we did give out 
853 million fewer single-use shopping bags, by 
making staff aware that “more is less.” By putting 
more products in a single bag, we help ensure that 
fewer bags end up in landfill.
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
11
19
17 16
11
Land/f_ill as % food waste
percentage of total waste
In focus
Turning waste into energy
Food that is no longer edible can still be put to use. 
In 2016, we are taking a major step forward in diverting 
zero waste to landfill by opening our very first anaerobic 
digester system. 
Anaerobic digestion is a carbon-neutral technology that 
produces biogas that can be used for heating, generating 
electricity, mechanical energy, or for supplementing the 
natural gas supply. The system will be based in Freetown 
Massachusetts in the U.S. All our local New England 
stores will divert their food waste to the system, which 
we expect to supply up to 40% of our local distribution 
center energy needs.

Page 42:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
41
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategyLooking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachCare for the environment
Target
Report on the amount of food diverted 
from waste in 2015
Every year, around the world, 1.3 billion tons of food 
is wasted, at the farm and production level as well 
as the retail, manufacturing and consumer levels. 
As a responsible food retailer, we are committed 
to eliminating food waste going to landfill, and to 
finding the right outlet for any unavoidable waste.
Reducing
Company-wide, our food waste currently equals 
1-2% of our total food sales, which is lower than the 
industry average. We attribute this to our targeted 
actions, such as offering a 35% end-of-shelf-life 
discount for perishable food at our Albert Heijn stores, 
and offering on-pack storage guidance. In addition, 
we continue to inform our customers of the latest 
packaging innovations and designs that help keep 
food fresher for longer.
Re-using
Increasingly, we are donating surplus food to food 
banks and charities. Food that isn’t suitable for 
human consumption is diverted to livestock. In 2015, 
these simple actions saved over two million food 
products from the Albert Heijn stores and distribution 
centers alone.
Recycling
Food that is no longer edible can still be put to 
good use. We strive to divert it to anaerobic 
digesters, where it can be converted into usable 
energy. In spring 2016, we will open our very 
first anaerobic digestion system in Freetown, 
Massachusetts, in the U.S.
In focus
Instock Restaurant
What can we do with food that is going to waste? 
At Instock, the answer is: use it to make delicious, 
nutritious meals. 
At this restaurant, the brainchild of four Albert Heijn 
associates, food products that would otherwise go to 
waste are given new life. Every morning, the Instock team 
collects its “harvest,” (which changes every day) from Albert 
Heijn stores. 
So the menu is always a surprise: for the chefs as well as the 
customers. For breakfast, lunch and dinner; Instock chefs “turn 
a brown banana into ice cream, and a misshaped Brussels 
sprout into kimchi for your burger.”
Sponsored by Albert Heijn, but operated independently as 
a foundation and as they point out, “Throwing away food is 
not only about money; it is also about the waste of energy 
spent on packaging, transporting, cooling and preparing 
the food.”
2012 2013 2014 2015
86
293
547
853
Cumulative bags saved
millions

Page 43:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
42
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachPerformance and approach
Performance 
and approach
Our governance structure 43
Scope of reporting 44
Reporting process 45
Awards and external benchmarks 46
Detailed performance 47
External assurance report 56


Page 44:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
43
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachOur governance structure 
Koninklijke Ahold N.V. is a public company 
under Dutch law with a two-tier board structure. 
Our Management Board has ultimate responsibility 
for the overall management of Ahold. We also 
have an Executive Committee comprised of our 
Management Board as well as certain key officers 
of the Company. The Executive Committee is led by 
the Chief Executive Officer and is accountable to 
the Management Board. The Management Board 
is supervised and advised by a Supervisory Board. 
The Management Board and the Supervisory Board 
are accountable to Ahold’s shareholders.
The governance of Ahold’s responsible retailing 
(RR) activities applies to all Ahold’s financially 
consolidated operations in both Europe and the 
United States, as defined in our Scope of reporting. 
RR at Ahold is managed at all levels of the 
organization, from a designated Executive Committee 
(ExCo) member to individual leads for each of 
the five priority areas at each of our businesses. 
Within the ExCo, Chief Legal Officer (CLO) Jan Ernst 
de Groot is responsible for RR and Product Integrity 
(PI). The Vice President Responsible Retailing (VP RR) is 
responsible for Ahold’s Group-wide RR Strategy, for 
global reporting against Ahold’s RR Strategy internally 
and externally, for engaging external stakeholders 
on Ahold’s RR strategy and for monitoring RR-related 
trends and managing RR-related issues and risks.
The Vice President Product Integrity (VP PI) is 
responsible for product safety and our responsible 
products activities. Globally, reporting on our 
progress is managed by our finance function. 
Within our businesses, the CEO is responsible for RR. 
In each business a dedicated RR team manages the 
RR strategy, activities and programs.
Reporting in our businesses is managed by their 
finance function. We also have designated 
reporting leads who are responsible for coordinating 
the reporting process and gathering the 
information for our RR Reports. Specific data (e.g. 
electricity consumption, number of healthy living 
products sold, etc) are collected by designated 
content owners working within our businesses.
We have established two steering committees to 
manage Responsible Retailing. The Responsible 
Retailing steering committee and the Product Integrity 
steering committee. For more information on the 
members and roles and responsibilities of these 
committees please see the graph on the right.
Supervisory Board
PI Steering CommitteeRR Steering Committee
Chief Legal Officer
Vice President Responsible Retailing
Continental and brand responsible retailing leads
Vice President Product Integrity
U.S. commercial representative
European commercial representative
Chief Legal Officer
Vice President Product Integrity
Continental and brand product integrity leads
Vice President Responsible Retailing
Continental and brand legal leads
Responsible Retailing steering committee
Responsible retailing is managed globally 
through the RR steering committee which is 
chaired by the CLO and includes the VP RR, VP 
PI, RR leads, and commercial representatives 
from our businesses. This committee meets four 
times a year to review progress against our 
targets, to review any proposed revisions to the 
strategy, including new or modified targets, and 
to provide recommendations to the ExCo.
Topics discussed in this committee include our 
materiality matrix, 2020 strategy, quarterly 
data and reporting and our responsible 
retailing governance.
Product Integrity steering committee
The Product Integrity Steering Committee meets 
each quarter to review product-related policies, 
and to provide recommendations to the ExCo. 
It is chaired by the CLO, and includes the VP PI, 
VP RR, PI leads, and commercial representatives.
Topics discussed in this committee include food 
safety, social compliance, critical commodities, 
animal welfare policies and outcomes of our 
global product risk analysis.
Executive Committee

Page 45:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
44
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachScope of reporting 
This report covers Ahold’s responsible retailing (RR) 
strategy, practices and performance during the 
period December 29, 2014 to January 3, 2016.
In it, Ahold reports progress on the targets set for 
each of the five RR priority areas: healthy living, 
community well-being, our people, responsible 
products and care for the environment. The report 
has been compiled in alignment with the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) G4.0 Sustainability Reporting 
Guidelines, including relevant aspects of the 
accompanying Food Processing Sector Supplement. 
This report qualifies for GRI Core, which indicates the 
number of GRI G4.0 disclosures and indicators that 
have been reported, and against which the report 
has been assured. (https:/ /www.globalreporting.org/
standards/g4/Pages/default.aspx). Ahold has been 
publishing RR Reports since 1998; these reports have 
been published on an annual basis since 2007 .
The scope of the 2015 report was determined based 
on Ahold’s RR priority areas and the principles of 
materiality and completeness. Our priority areas 
were selected according to their relevance to the 
Ahold business model, our stakeholders and areas 
in which Ahold can make a meaningful difference. 
The sustainability topics covered in this report were 
identified through ongoing engagement with our 
businesses, stakeholders, international associations 
and roundtables.
Information relating to our RR strategy and our 
progress against the targets is reviewed for 
significance and materiality from an economic, 
environmental, and social perspective. The report 
therefore features information that is relevant to our 
total revenue, our environmental footprint, and social 
impact and sustainability issues.
When reporting on our targets, the inclusion (or 
exclusion) of specific businesses is based on a 
materiality assessment of the companies, with all 
excluded companies producing less than 2% of 
Ahold’s total sales. The segments and businesses 
included in the data of this report – Ahold USA 
(Giant Carlisle, Giant Landover, Stop & Shop New 
England, and Stop & Shop New York Metro), the 
Netherlands (Albert Heijn), and Czech Republic 
(Albert) – account for 94% of our total sales. 
The Netherlands-based Etos, Gall & Gall, albert.nl, 
bol.com and Ahold Coffee Company, and U.S.-
based Peapod were excluded, as they each account 
for less than 2% of total sales.
From an operational scope perspective, the RR Report 
includes the following parts of the business:
 a All stores, regardless of whether they are owned 
by Ahold or are franchises
 a Ahold-owned distribution centers, including all 
transportation from distribution centers to stores, 
regardless of whether the transportation companies 
are owned by Ahold or are outsourced
The scope of this RR Report excludes:
 a Direct store deliveries, business travel and offices, 
due to their limited materiality to our overall 
performance in our care for the environment 
priority area
 a Outsourced distribution centers, which do not 
qualify for inclusion according to the GRI criteria 
of control, influence and impact
 a Results from Ahold’s joint venture with Jeronimo 
Martins (JMR). JMR delivers its own report, 
including references to its corporate and social 
responsibility strategies and policies
 a Production facilities

Page 46:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
45
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachReporting process 
In order to provide our stakeholders comfort over 
our Responsible Retailing information Ahold’s 2015 
Responsible Retailing Report was reviewed by our 
external auditor PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants 
N.V. (‘PwC’). Our RR Reports between 2009 and 
2012 were reviewed by our former external auditor 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
The following conditions per priority area apply 
to the data in this report.
Healthy living
Ahold measures sales of healthy products as a 
percentage of the total food sales. Healthy products 
are identifiable in-store and online through the 
use of healthy-choice logos and shelf tags. 
Products featuring these logos and shelf tags comply 
with strict criteria that are developed by leading 
health authorities. The criteria are available on our 
company websites, accessible via www.ahold.com. 
Non-food sales were excluded, to avoid distortion 
from category changes that have no influence on 
Ahold’s performance as a healthy retailer. For the 
healthy sales and product data, 100% completeness 
and accuracy cannot be guaranteed due to the 
manual data gathering process.
Customer perception scores are based on research 
by independent market research agencies (SIRS Inc. 
in the U.S., TNS Nipo for the Netherlands, and g82 
in the Czech Republic) that conduct surveys of both 
our brands and our main competitors in the regions 
where we operate.
Community well-being
100% completeness on the contributions and 
donations cannot be guaranteed due to the 
manual data gathering process.
Our people
The score and participation rate of our engagement 
survey include also the businesses that account for 
less than 2% of total sales as explained in our Scope 
of reporting section.
100% completeness of the participants in healthy 
living programs cannot be guaranteed due to the 
manual data gathering process.
Responsible products
All data provided for the targets on food safety and 
social compliance are for production sites that have 
been mapped as part of the process of mapping our 
own-brand supply chain.
ICTI-CARE is an Ahold-accepted standard (even 
though it is not BSCI equivalent) because it is the 
best practice in the toy industry.
For critical commodities, the percentage of sales of 
each commodity used in the production of our own-
brand products that has been sustainably sourced is 
based on the key product categories for which these 
commodities are relevant. The product categories 
included are:
 a coffee: all products based on coffee beans
 a tea: all products based on tea (black tea, green 
tea) and on rooibos tea, including all infusions.
 a cocoa:
 a chocolate bars, tablets and candies
 a seasonal products
 a bakery: chocolate muffins
 a seafood: fresh and frozen seafood
 a palm oil: all own-brand products containing 
palm oil
 a soy: all own-brand products. Ahold USA is not 
included as North American soy, used primarily by 
its supply chains, is not causing deforestation issues
For all own-brand products, 100% completeness 
cannot be guaranteed due to the manual data 
gathering process.
Care for the environment
In relation to our CO2 reduction target, the majority of 
the data reflect current consumption. Where possible, 
this is an automated process; however, if actuals 
are not available we use extrapolations. In other 
cases, where actuals and extrapolations could not 
be applied, best estimates were used. To report on 
leakage of refrigerant substances, waste types and 
waste disposal methods, data were provided by 
third-party service providers, on whose data we rely 
for our monitoring and reporting. Food waste data 
include extrapolations from one division to the total 
Ahold USA data. The 2015 efficiency measures 
are adjusted to a 52-week period in order to be 
consistent with previous years.
CO2 conversion factors
The total CO2 emissions calculation is the sum of 
the CO2 emissions resulting from fuel, electricity, 
district heating, gas and leakage of refrigerant 
substances. Since the consumption of those elements 
is not measured in CO2 kilograms, conversion 
factors from other units of measurement are applied. 
For electricity, each country has its own conversion 
factor, which is updated each year. The sources of 
the electricity conversion factors are the International 
Energy Agency for Europe and the Environmental 
Protection Agency for the United States. Each year, 
the 2008 baseline year is re-calculated using the 
latest electricity CO2 conversion factors. Sources for 
conversion factors are from the 2015 Defra report.
 a Sources for converting fuel and gas: 2015 
Guidelines for Defra Greenhouse Gas Conversion 
Factors for company reporting and Handboek 
CO2 prestatieladder 2.1.
 a Sources for converting electricity: International 
Energy Agency (IEA), 2009 and Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA), eGrid2012, version 1.0.
 a Sources for converting refrigerant substances: 
Climate Change 2007 – The Physical Science 
Basis, Contribution of Working Group I 
to the fourth assessment of Report of the 
Intergovernmental Panel Climate Change (IPCC) 
and 2015 Guidelines for Defra Greenhouse Gas 
Conversion Factors for company reporting
Data revisions
The historic CO2 data have been adjusted based on 
the updated conversion factors as mentioned in the 
previous section. This had no material impact on the 
data from previous years.
No other data revisions were applicable in 2015.
The 2015 data for Czech Republic includes the 
former SPAR stores which were acquired in 2014. 

Page 47:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
46
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Awards and 
external benchmarks 
 a Ahold scored 76 out of 100 in the Dow Jones 
Sustainability index world ranking, only 1 point 
below the sector leader. 
 a Ahold achieved Silver Class rating in the 
RobecoSAM ranking of sustainability leaders 
2016 in the Food and Staples category. 
 a Ahold ranked 1st retailer and 35th overall (out 
of 435 companies) in the Dutch Transparency 
benchmark conducted by the Dutch government. 
 a Ahold pension fund ranked 9th for sustainable 
investments in the VBDO pensionfund benchmark
 a Ahold ranked 20th in the VBDO tax 
transparency benchmark 
 a Ahold USA ranked in the top 50 multicultural 
opportunities by diversitybusiness.com
 a Ahold USA was awarded the Green Power 
Leadership Award by the EPA
 a Gall & Gall, Etos and Albert Heijn online were 
awarded best retail chain and best webshop 
respectively by the Best Retail Chain awards in 
the Netherlands. 
 a Albert won the EXCELLENCE category for the 
second time, as well as a two star rating for 
its sustainability strategy from the European 
Foundation for Quality Management
 a Albert received a two star rating for its 
sustainability strategy from the European 
Foundation for Quality Management. 
Global Reporting Initiative
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is a global, 
multi-stakeholder network of business professionals, 
representatives from labor organizations, investors, 
accountants and others, who work together to 
develop an internationally accepted framework for 
sustainability reporting. Ahold has been reporting 
according to the GRI sustainability reporting 
guidelines since 2006, as it is recognized as the 
most comprehensive and widely used sustainability 
reporting system.
The reporting framework provides metrics and 
methods for reporting issues relating to environmental 
and social priorities, the running of the business 
and the products sold. Ahold’s RR Report addresses 
a selection of indicators that are the most relevant 
and material to our priority areas, and therefore 
to our business and stakeholders. We have also 
benchmarked these indicators against our peers and 
competitors. Every year, we review the indicators 
selected, and we are continually working to improve 
our data collection processes.
The GRI framework outlines two “Application Levels” 
that indicate the extent to which the guidelines have 
been applied in a company’s sustainability report. 
These levels are “Core” and “Comprehensive”. 
In 2015, we reported according to the GRI 
G4 – Core Guidelines. Our RR Report 2015 
has been reviewed by Ahold’s external auditor, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, which has provided 
limited assurance. 
A summary of our application of the GRI guidelines can 
be downloaded from www.ahold.com/rr2015.htm
Global Compact 
The United Nations Global Compact is an initiative 
for businesses committed to aligning their operations 
and strategies with 10 universally accepted principles 
in the areas of human rights, labor, environment and 
anti-corruption.
Ahold’s own principles align with those of the 
Global Compact, and we have been striving for 
high standards against these principles for some 
time. We signed the Global Compact in 2010, 
and continue to report on our own operations and 
strategies in relation to these principles annually.
Our Global Compact table can be downloaded 
from www.ahold.com/rr2015.htm

Page 48:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
47
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance 
Healthy  
living
The data
The sales of healthy products as a percentage 
of total food sales increased in all areas of the 
business during 2014, by 0.4%pts in the U.S., 
0.8%pts in the Netherlands and 4.4%pts in the 
Czech Republic. The increase in the Czech 
Republic can be attributed to the acquisition 
of the SPAR stores in Q1 2015. Albert Heijn’s 
increase is caused by an increase in the 
number of healthy products. 
Overall, our number of healthy products 
increased by 570 compared with 2014. 
Albert Heijn and Czech Republic both 
increased the number of healthy products with 
around 20% where the number of healthy 
products at Ahold USA was stable.
Percentage of total food sales1 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 24.6 24.2 24.8 24.5 24.1
The Netherlands 27.0 26.2 25.9 26.0 21.5
Czech Republic 17.2 12.8 12.1 9.6 9.0
Total 25.0 24.4 24.5 24.2 22.3
1  Sales of healthy products at Ahold USA include the sale of labeled national brands. The sales data for the Netherlands and Czech Republic does not include all national brands, as there was no 
uniform national labeling system
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 6,783 6,763 6,643 7,126 7,008
The Netherlands 2,254 1,852 1,567 1,384 1,301
Czech Republic 874 726 609 459 433
Total 9,911 9,341 8,819 8,969 8,742
 
Number of healthy products
Sales of healthy products

Page 49:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
48
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance
Community  
well-being
€ thousand1 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 63,716 54,523 50,592 52,181 37,098
The Netherlands 4,017 2,442 3,255 3,262 3,085
Czech Republic 606 575 697 776 820
Total 68,339 57,540 54,544 56,219 41,003
1  Including food bank donations.
€ thousand 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 30,134 25,300 21,378 19,492 –
The Netherlands 1,971 1,027 1,497 1,781 –
Czech Republic 221 200 199 72 –
Total 32,326 26,527 23,074 21,345 –
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 336,003 296,427 310,369 56,562 29,537
The Netherlands 542,0482 368,004 347,233 374,283 305,139
Czech Republic 68,836 57,377 147,240 96,438 54,588
Total 946,887 721,808 804,842 527,283 389,264
1 All businesses have web-based programs that include estimates of the number of children educated based on the number of downloads of the program.
2  The number of children educated for the Netherlands is based on the number of participants in the “I eat better” program; some children may have participated twice – once in the spring in one 
grade and again in the autumn in the next grade. 
Value of food donated to food banks
Number of children educated in healthy living
1
Contributions and donations
The data
Financial donations
Total donations increased by 19% to 
€68.3 million in 2015, however against 
constant exchange rates donations are flat 
compared to last year. The majority of our 
donations (around 90%) is generated by Ahold 
USA where total donations decreased by 2%.
Food bank donations
Donations to food banks remained stable at 
constant exchange rates compared to 2014. 
Albert Heijn increased its food bank donations 
with 92% due to the increased cooperation 
with the local food banks and two large 
donations as a result of assortment changes 
during the year.
Children educated
The number of children educated increased 
to 946,000. This increase is mainly driven by 
the expansion of the “I eat better” program at 
Albert Heijn.

Page 50:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
49
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance
Our people
Thousands 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 121 115 117 121 117
The Netherlands 102 97 94 93 89
Czech Republic 13 15 11 11 12
Total 236 227 222 225 218
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Full-time Part-time Full-time Part-time Full-time Part-time Full-time Part-time Full-time Part-time
Ahold USA 27 73 28 72 28 72 28 72 29 71
The Netherlands 10 90 14 86 13 87 13 87 14 86
Czech Republic 62 38 53 47 53 47 68 32 67 33
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male
Ahold USA 47 53 47 53 47 53 47 53 47 53
The Netherlands 54 46 55 45 53 47 53 47 53 47
Czech Republic 77 23 79 21 81 19 81 19 80 20
Percentage of workforce by contract type
Percentage of workforce by gender
Number of associates
The data
The majority of the data relating to Our People 
disclosures remained stable during 2015, as 
there were no major changes to the way we 
operate our businesses. The data in the tables 
is based on the following Ahold businesses: 
for Ahold USA, the four retail divisions Giant 
Carlisle, Giant Landover, Stop & Shop New 
England and Stop & Shop New York Metro 
– as well as Peapod and the USA support 
organization. For Ahold in the Netherlands, 
the four retail divisions Albert Heijn, Etos, Gall 
& Gall, bol.com, as well as the support offices 
are included. For Ahold in the Czech Republic 
the retail division Albert and the Czech support 
organization are included.
For the data from 201 1-2012 we included 
the data from our Slovakia business which 
was sold in 2013. During the reporting year, 
there was an overall increase in the number 
of associates by 9,000 compared to 2014, 
bringing the total to 236,000 across all Ahold 
businesses. This increase can be attributed 
to the opening of additional stores across 
our markets.

Page 51:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
50
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
<20 20s 30s 40s 50+ <20 20s 30s 40s 50+ <20 20s 30s 40s 50+ <20 20s 30s 40s 50+ <20 20s 30s 40s 50+
Ahold USA 12 28 14 15 31 12 28 14 15 30 12 29 13 16 30 16 28 13 16 27 14 28 13 17 28
The Netherlands 54 26 6 7 7 54 26 6 7 7 56 23 6 8 7 57 22 7 8 6 57 21 8 8 6
Czech Republic 11 26 23 20 20  1 23 29 25 22 1 23 30 25 21 7 28 25 21 19 1 23 30 24 22
Percentage of workforce by age
The data
The combined membership of the Executive 
Committee and the Supervisory Board 
decreased by one during the reporting period. 
Judith Spieser left the Supervisory Board which 
altered the gender composition of Ahold’s 
leadership slightly, bringing the total number of 
females in leadership roles at Ahold to 3, while 
the total number of males in leadership roles 
remained stable at 1 1.
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male
Executive Committee 2 5 2 5 2 5 – 4 – 4
Supervisory Board 1 6 2 6 2 5 2 6 2 6
Total 3 11 4 11 4 10 2 10 2 10
Composition of Ahold’s leadership

Page 52:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
51
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance
Responsible  
products
The data
Food Safety (GFSI)
By the end of 2015, 96% of our own-brand 
food suppliers in Europe had been certified 
against a GFSI- recognized standard, as well 
as 93% of products in our U.S. businesses. 
We saw an a decrease in the Czech 
Republic due to expired or not yet certified 
suppliers increased. 
Social Compliance 
Social compliance saw a general increase 
in the high-risk countries audited against BSCI 
or equivalent; with 88% in our European and 
70% in our U.S. suppliers in high-risk counties 
at the last-stage of production sites have been 
audited against BSCI or equivalent.
Accepted social compliance standards
The audits we recognize as BSCI or equivalent 
are: Business Social Compliance Initiative 
(BSCI), Ethical Trading Initiative (ETI)/SMETA, 
Intertek Workplace Conditions Assessment 
(WCA), Social Accountability (SA) 8000, 
Rainforest Alliance/SAN, Fairtrade/FLO-
CERT, MPS – Socially Qualified (SQ), 
Initiative Clause Sociale (ICS), Sustainable 
Agriculture in South Africa (SIZA) and Floverde. 
We also recognize ICTI-CARE as an Ahold-
accepted standard (even though it is not BSCI 
equivalent) because it is the best practice in the 
toy industry.
Percentage of own-brand food suppliers GFSI certified 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
U.S. businesses 93 94 81 70 NR
European businesses 96 97 93 84 NR
Percentage of suppliers in high-risk countries audited on social compliance1 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
U.S. businesses 70 72 36 22 NR
European businesses 88 80 66 48 NR
1  When taking into account social standards other than BSCI, BSCI-equivalent or recently expired programs, the percentage of suppliers that have been audited rises to 90% for our U.S. businesses and 
95% for our European businesses.
Social compliance
Food safety (GFSI)
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 302 2761 272 251 160
The Netherlands 182 145 134 127 141
Czech Republic – 4 12 4 –
Total 484 425 418 382 301
1  The total number of fair trade products in 2014 is adjusted as products were identified that were certified against a different standard.
Number of Fairtrade certified products at year-end

Page 53:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
52
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance
The data
Critical commodities
For all critical commodities we have made 
progress in 2015. For coffee we have one 
remaining non-certified product at Ahold 
USA but this will be replaced with a certified 
alternative in 2016 and all of Ahold USA’s newly 
sourced tea is 100% sustainable and existing 
stock will be depleted soon. In cocoa, we came 
in just under target at 85%.
By the end of 2015, 65% of our total palm oil 
usage physically contained sustainable palm oil; 
17% of which was certified segregated palm oil 
and 48% was based on certified mass balance. 
By the end of 2015, 100% of soy embedded in 
simple animal products in the Netherlands and 
Czech Republic was covered by credits.
By the end of 2015, our Group-wide percentage 
of sustainable seafood was 73%, a tremendous 
improvement over last year’s 44%. Albert Heijn 
Ahold USA offers 76 seafood species of which 
all but 4% are considered sustainable according 
to our approved certification standards. 
Albert Heijn introduced sustainable salmon in 
the summer of 2015 increasing the percentage 
of sustainable seafood to 64% on a yearly basis.
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 4,391 4,388 4,333 3,821 2,916
The Netherlands 1,461 1,081 500 526 447
Czech Republic 317 240 284 262 299
Total 6,169 5,709 5,117 4,609 3,662
Number of certified organic products at year-end
Coffee
Tea
Cocoa
Palm oil
Soy
Seafood
Percentage of sales certified against industry 
standards1
Ahold USA The Netherlands Czech Republic Total
2015 2014 2013 2012 2015 2014 2013 2012 2015 2014 2013 2012 2015 2014 2013 2012
Coffee 98 46 20 8 99 99 99 100 100 100 100 – 99 83 79 83
Tea 1 12 6 – 100 100 100 95 100 33 32 – 83 82 85 82
Cocoa 19 1 – – 99 98 94 93 745 31 3 – 85 40 35 32
Palm oil4 100 – – – 100 – – – 100 – – – 100 – – –
Soy3,4 NA NA NA NA 100 – – – 100 – – – 100 – – –
Seafood2 79 50 12 12 64 36 33 18 6 12 14 13 73 44 25 14
1  The percentage of each critical commodity that is sustainably sourced is the percentage of sales that have been certified based on key products within selected categories in the Netherlands, Czech 
Republic and United States. See Reporting process for the list of key products and associated categories.
2  When taking into account seafood standards other than Marine Stewardship Council (MSC), Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) and Best Aquaculture Practices 2 Star (BAP), the total percentage 
of certified seafood sales rises to 80%.
3  Ahold USA is not included as mainly North American soy is used in their supply chains which is not causing deforestation issues.
4  Palm oil and soy consumption is measured in volume instead of sales.
5  The increase can be mainly contributed to the fact that products containing less than 5% of cocoa are excluded.
Critical commodities

Page 54:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
53
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance
Care for the  
environment
The data
Contribution to our CO2 emissions
49% 
Electricity
29% 
Refrigerant 
leakage
10% 
Gas
12% 
Fuel
CO2 consumption
CO2 consumption is 420 kg per m2 which 
is almost 45 kg per m2 lower compared to 
last year and over 25.8% lower compared 
to 2008 baseline.
Electricity 
Compared to 2014 electricity consumption 
decreased by 5% per square meter of sales 
area. This is mainly caused by the further roll 
out of LED lighting in our stores.
Reducing our electricity consumption is not 
only good for our CO2 footprint, it also has 
a financial benefit. For example, as part of 
our initiatives Albert Heijn reduced electricity 
costs by €2 per square meter of sales area 
compared to 2014. 
Refrigerants
Refrigerant leakage decreased at Ahold USA 
and in the Netherlands due to preventive 
measures like remodelings and leak detectors. 
In Czech Republic refrigerant leakage 
increased due to some big leaks in a limited 
number of stores.
Volume
(millions of kWh)
Efficiency
(kWh per sq. m. of sales area)
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 1,953 2,008 2,082 2,110 2,109 645 682 705 719 736
The Netherlands 590 573 562 551 553 485 496 508 518 534
Czech Republic 296 216 223 234 242 527 550 570 600 626
Total 2,839 2,797 2,867 2,895 2,904 591 623 644 659 677
Electricity consumption
Volume
(metric tons)
Efficiency
(as percentage of total refrigerants)
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 156 173 166 160 182 11.8 13.4 12.9 12.2 14.2
The Netherlands 16 21 22 24 23 4.3 5.5 5.8 6.6 6.9
Czech Republic 19 11 11 14 9 14.9 11.1 11.3 13.8 9.6
Total 191 205 199 198 214 10.5 11.6 11.3 11.2 12.5
1  Refrigerants measured include CFCs, HCFCs and HFCs.
Leakage of refrigerant substances
1
Volume
(thousands of metric tons)
Efficiency
(kg per sq. m. of sales area)
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 20154 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 1,418 1,569 1,566 1,543 1,620 469 533 530 526 565
The Netherlands 298 305 316 322 330 245 264 286 302 318
Czech Republic 303 216 225 241 226 540 551 574 619 587
Total 2,019 2,090 2,107 2,106 2,176 420 465 473 480 507
1  CO2 emissions comprise electricity, leakage of refrigerant substances, gas, fuel and district heating. Given the limited impact of district heating, we do not report on this separately.
2  Since the consumption of all elements is not measured in CO2 kilograms, conversion factors are used. Historical data are corrected for the change in conversion factor. See CO2 conversion factors section for more details 
on the methodology applied.
3  578 GWh of the electricity consumed have a zero conversion factor, as green energy certificates were purchased in 2015 for this quantity. (2014: 370 GWh) 
4 The 2015 efficiency measures are adjusted to a 52-week period in order to be consistent with previous years. This applies to all tables with an efficiency per square meter of sales area. 
CO2 emissions
1,2,3

Page 55:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
54
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance
The data
Fuel consumption
In 2015, fuel consumption has increased in 
all areas of the business due to the increase 
in sales. At the same time fuel efficiency 
increased due to several initiatives for more 
efficient transport like. 
Gas consumption
Natural gas consumption increased generally; 
in the U.S., more gas consumption was 
influenced by a strong winter. Albert Heijn 
reduced their gas consumption due to re-using 
excess heat produced by refrigeration with the 
help of high efficiency heat pumps.
Volume
(thousands of cubic meters)
Efficiency
(cubic meters per sq. m. of sales area)
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 84,383 83,321 78,099 70,446 73,790 27.9 28.3 26.4 24.0 25.7
The Netherlands 15,934 16,094 20,054 20,403 20,903 13.1 13.9 18.1 19.2 20.2
Czech Republic 5,135 3,788 4,694 4,883 5,080 9.1 9.7 12.0 12.5 13.2
Total 105,452 103,203 102,847 95,732 99,773 21.9 23.0 23.1 21.8 23.3
Natural gas consumption
Volume
(millions of kg)
Efficiency
(kg per sq. m. of sales area)
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 430 424 424 430 420 142 144 143 146 147
The Netherlands 139 129 125 118 118 114 112 113 111 114
Czech Republic1 44 34 33 35 36 78 86 85 89 94
Total 613 587 582 583 574 128 131 131 133 134
1 Excluding meat waste
Waste production
Volume
(thousands of liters)
Efficiency
(liters per 1,000 products sold)
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 49,227 48,285 48,371 49,350 51,024 6.1 6.2 6.0 6.2 6.4
The Netherlands 25,297 23,991 24,241 24,620 26,019 3.6 3.6 3.6 3.6 3.9
Czech Republic 6,705 5,886 6,133 6,162 6,471 2.5 2.8 2.9 2.8 2.9
Total 81,229 78,162 78,745 80,132 83,514 4.6 4.7 4.7 4.7 4.9
Fuel consumption

Page 56:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
55
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachDetailed performance
The data
Waste by type
We increased our percentage of organic 
waste as part of total waste with 4%pts 
compared to 2014. This is mainly driven by 
Ahold USA’s focus on separating organic 
waste from the other waste category.
Waste by disposal method
As a result of our efforts to separate our waste 
better, waste going to landfill decreased by 
5%pts compared to 2014. We also increased 
our re-used, recycled or recovered and 
composted waste.
Recycling waste has also a financial benefit. 
This year Albert Heijn generated over 
€9 million by collecting and recycling its 
cardboard and plastic.
Volume
(millions of liters)
Efficiency
(liters per sq. m. of sales area)
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Ahold USA 3,474 3,499 3,622 3,459 3,139 1,148 1,188 1,226 1,179 1,095
The Netherlands 467 466 467 442 465 384 403 422 415 448
Czech Republic 415 289 310 NR NR 739 739 793 NR NR
Total 4,356 4,254 4,399 NR NR 907 947 988 NR NR
Water consumption
Ahold USA The Netherlands Czech Republic Total
Percentage of waste 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Organic 20 15 13 9 7 31 29 28 27 27 10 8 8 18 20 22 18 16 13 12
Cardboard 46 45 45 44 45 52 53 54 56 55 43 42 42 42 41 47 46 45 46 47
Wood 6 7 6 6 6 – – – – – 1 1 1 1 1 4 5 5 5 4
Metal – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
Plastic 1 1 1 1 1 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 2 2 2
Other 27 32 35 40 41 14 15 15 14 15 43 46 46 36 35 25 29 32 34 35
Total waste 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
Waste by type
Ahold USA The Netherlands Czech Republic Total
Percentage of waste 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Re-used, recycled or recovered waste 65 63 59 56 57 55 56 57 60 61 51 51 45 46 44 62 60 58 57 57
Fermented waste – – – – – 31 29 28 27 27 5 4 5 4 3 7 7 6 6 6
Compost waste 8 5 6 4 2 – – – – – 5 3 6 7 8 6 4 4 3 2
Incinerated waste 15 14 15 16 29 14 15 15 13 12 5 3 7 11 11 14 13 15 15 24
Landfill waste 12 18 20 24 12 – – – – – 34 39 37 32 34 11 16 17 19 11
Total waste 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
Waste by disposal method

Page 57:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
56
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachExternal assurance report
Independent assurance report
To: the Management Board of Koninklijke Ahold N.V.
The Management Board of Koninklijke Ahold N.V. 
(‘Ahold’), Zaandam engaged us to provide limited 
assurance on the Responsible Retailing Report 2015. 
We believe these procedures fulfil the rational 
objective as disclosed by Ahold on page 45.
Our conclusion
Based on the procedures we have performed and 
the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come 
to our attention that causes us to believe that the 
Responsible Retailing Report for the period ended 
3 January 2016 does not provide a reliable and 
appropriate presentation of Ahold’s policy for 
sustainable development, or of the activities, events 
and performance of Ahold relating to sustainable 
development during the reporting year 2015, in 
accordance with Ahold’s reporting criteria.
This conclusion is to be read in the context of the 
remainder of our report.
What we are assuring
We have reviewed the Responsible Retailing 
Report 2015 (hereafter: ‘the Report’) of Koninklijke 
Ahold N.V., Zaandam. This report includes the 
scope of reporting as defined by management 
(page 44), Ahold’s policy for sustainable 
development, the activities and events during the 
year and Ahold’s 2015 performance relating to 
sustainable development.
The basis for our conclusion
Professional and ethical standards applied
We conducted our assurance engagement in 
accordance with Dutch law, including Standard 3810N 
‘Assurance engagements relating to sustainability reports’ 
(hereafter ‘Standard 3810N’). Our responsibilities 
under this standard are further described in the “Our 
responsibilities” section of this report.
We are independent of Ahold in accordance with 
the “Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van 
accountants by assurance-opdrachten” (ViO) and 
other relevant independence requirements in the 
Netherlands. Furthermore we have complied with the 
“Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants” 
(VGBA) and other relevant regulations.
Limitations in our scope
The Report contains prospective information, such 
as ambitions, strategy, targets, expectations and 
projections. Inherent to this information is that actual 
future results may be different from the prospective 
information and therefore it may be uncertain. We do 
not provide any assurance on the assumptions and 
feasibility of this prospective information.
A review is focused on obtaining limited assurance. 
The procedures performed in obtaining limited 
assurance are aimed on the plausibility of information 
which does not require exhaustive gathering of 
evidence as in engagements focused on obtaining 
reasonable assurance through audit procedures. 
The procedures performed consisted primarily of 
making inquiries of management and others within 
the entity, as appropriate, applying analytical 
procedures and evaluating the evidence obtained. 
Consequently, a review engagement provides less 
assurance than an audit.
Reporting criteria
Ahold developed its sustainability reporting criteria 
on the basis of the G4 Guidelines of the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI), which are disclosed together 
with detailed information on the reporting scope in 
section ‘Scope of reporting’ (page 44), and section 
‘Reporting Process’ (page 45). We consider the 
sustainability reporting criteria to be relevant and 
appropriate for our review.
Understanding reporting and 
measurement methodologies
The information in the scope of this assurance 
engagement needs to be read and understood 
together with the reporting criteria, for which the 
company is solely responsible for selecting and 
applying. The absence of a significant body of 
established practice on which to draw, to evaluate and 
measure non-financial information allows for different, 
but acceptable, measurement techniques and can 
affect comparability between entities and over time.

Page 58:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
57
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachExternal assurance report
Our assurance approach
Materiality
We set thresholds for materiality at the planning 
stage and reassessed them during the engagement. 
These helped us to determine the nature, timing 
and extent of our procedures and to evaluate the 
effect of identified misstatements on the information 
presented, both individually and in aggregate. 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined 
specific materiality levels for each element of the 
sustainability information. When determining our 
materiality thresholds, we considered the relevance 
of information for both the stakeholders and the 
company based on the materiality analysis of the 
company (page 14).
Areas of particular focus
We have identified two areas of particular focus that, 
in our professional judgment, are of most significance 
in the assurance engagement of the sustainability 
information, including the allocation of our resources 
and effort. Below we provide an explanation of how 
we tailored our procedures to address these specific 
areas. This is not a complete list of all risks and/or 
matters identified by our work.
We have communicated the areas of particular 
focus with the Management Board. These areas 
are addressed in the context of our assurance 
engagement of the sustainability information as a 
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon. We do 
not provide a separate opinion on these areas of 
particular focus.
Area of particular focus How we addressed the area
Healthy living indicators
Increasing consumer demand and ongoing public debate on health, underlines the 
relevance of healthy living for Ahold. Ahold considers this a key priority for acting as 
a responsible retailer and has defined two healthy living indicators to demonstrate 
their performance in making healthy living choices easier for its customers (see 
page 7). Within Ahold, healthy living products are identified by assessing nutritional 
information per product and comparing the results with healthy product criteria set 
at country level by external bodies like the Dutch industry healthy food foundation 
“ik kies bewust” or by a team of health experts and nutrionists (see page 18). 
Given the continuously changing assortment and recipes, and the related manual 
efforts to keep Ahold’s database and spreadsheets up to date, we consider this to 
be a key focus area in our review. 
 
In addition to the review procedures performed as disclosed in the “work done” 
section, for several healthy products we reconciled the nutritional information of 
healthy products in the database with the information on the supplier’s product label. 
We then deployed data analysis methods to compare the healthy product data 
maintained in the database (i.e. the ingredients) with Ahold’s healthy product criteria. 
We also assessed the mathematical accuracy of spreadsheets used by Ahold to 
calculate the reported values for the two indicators.
Responsible products indicators
In recent years there has been much public debate about the way in which food 
is produced and distributed. In response, food is increasingly being certified with 
respect to matters such as food safety, social compliance and sustainable sourcing. 
In its Responsible Retailing report, Ahold discloses the number of certified products 
and suppliers to demonstrate their awareness of the integrity of the food they sell. 
We consider this to be a key area of focus as the continuously changing supplier 
base complicates the monitoring of Ahold’s food certification label administration. 
 
In addition to the main procedures performed as disclosed in the “work done” 
section, for several registered products, we reconciled the information in the food 
certification label administration with certificates, results from supplier audits, or other 
supporting evidence. 

Page 59:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
58
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachExternal assurance report
Work done
We are required to plan and perform our work in 
order to consider the risk of material misstatement of 
the Report.
Our work is carried out by an independent and 
multi-disciplinary team with experience in sustainability 
responsibility reporting and assurance and was 
performed at the head office in Zaandam and 
during conducted visits at the retail operations in the 
Netherlands, United States and Czech Republic.
Our main procedures included the following:
 a performing an external environment analysis and 
obtaining an understanding of the relevant social 
issues, relevant laws and regulations and the 
characteristics of the organisation;
 a evaluating the acceptability of the reporting 
policies and consistent application of this, such 
as assessment of the outcomes of the stakeholder 
dialogue and the process for determining the 
material subjects, the reasonableness of estimates 
made by management, as well as evaluating the 
overall presentation of the sustainability information;
 a understanding the systems and processes for data 
gathering, internal controls and processing of 
other information, such as the aggregation process 
of data to the information as presented in the 
sustainability information;
 a interviewing management and relevant staff at 
corporate and local level responsible for the 
sustainability strategy and policies;
 a interviewing relevant staff responsible for providing 
the sustainability information, carrying out 
internal control procedures on the data and the 
consolidation of the data in the Report;
 a analytical review of the data and trend 
explanations submitted for consolidation at 
group level;
 a reviewing internal and external documentation 
to determine whether the sustainability 
information, including the disclosure, presentation 
and assertions made in the report, is 
substantiated adequately;
 a assessing whether the Report has been prepared 
‘in accordance’ with the Sustainability Reporting 
Guidelines version G4 of GRI.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our conclusion.
Responsibilities
The Management Board’s responsibilities
The Management Board of Ahold is responsible for 
the preparation of the Report in accordance with 
Ahold’s reporting criteria, including the identification 
of the stakeholders and the determination of material 
subjects. Furthermore, the Management Board is 
responsible for such internal control necessary to 
enable the preparation of the Report, that is free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Our responsibilities
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the 
Report based on our assurance engagement in 
accordance with Standard 3810N. This requires that 
we comply with ethical requirements and that we 
plan and perform our work to obtain reasonable and 
limited assurance about whether the Report is free 
from material misstatement.
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the Report, whether due 
to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, 
the auditor considers internal control relevant for 
the preparation of the Report in order to design 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, 
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion 
on the effectiveness of the company’s internal 
control. An assurance engagement aimed on 
providing limited assurance also includes evaluating 
the appropriateness of the reporting framework 
used and the reasonableness of estimates made 
by management as well as evaluating the overall 
presentation of the Report.
Amsterdam, 2 March 2016 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.
Original has been signed by 
drs. P.J. van Mierlo RA

Page 60:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
59
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachOther information
Other 
information
Glossary 60
Contact us  62
Cautionary notice 62


Page 61:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
60
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachGlossary 
Glossary of field specific lexis included within 
the report which may need explaining for 
reader understanding
 
ASC
Aquaculture Stewardship Council. 
Through its consumer label, the ASC promotes 
certified responsibly farmed products in 
the marketplace.
Biodiversity
The diversity of plant and animal life in a particular 
habitat, or in the world in general.
BSCI
Business Social Compliance Initiative. A non-
profit organization, supporting more than 1,000 
international companies in the process of monitoring 
and improving working conditions in the global 
supply chain through its own auditing program.
CFC
Chlorofluorocarbon. A powerful greenhouse gas 
that has an ozone-depleting effect; may be used as 
cooling element in refrigerants.
CGF
Consumer Goods Forum. An independent, global, 
parity-based platform focused on improving business 
practices for efficiency and positive change across 
the consumer goods and retail industry in order to 
benefit shoppers, consumers and the world without 
impeding competition. It brings together the CEOs 
and senior management of over 400 retailers, 
manufacturers, service providers and stakeholders 
from the consumer goods sector across 70 countries.
CO2
Carbon dioxide; a colorless, odorless, non-
combustible greenhouse-gas that contributes to 
global warming.
Composting
A process in which organic waste – including food 
waste – decomposes naturally, resulting in a product 
rich in minerals that can be used for gardening and 
farming as a soil conditioner.
District heating
Centrally generated heat distributed for residential 
and commercial heating requirements such as water 
heating and space heating.
EPA
Environmental Protection Agency. The agency that 
coordinates U.S. programs aimed at reducing 
pollution and protecting the environment.
Fairtrade
A certification program with a consumer label that 
contributes to sustainable development by offering 
better trading conditions to disadvantaged producers 
(often in countries in developing nations), and by 
protecting their rights.
Food waste
The food component of shrink (stores and 
warehouses), which is discarded, as a percentage 
of total sales. In contrast to shrink, this food waste 
percentage excludes theft, food bank donations, 
cash shortages and other product losses.
FSC
Forest Stewardship Council. FSC is an independent, 
non-governmental, non-profit organization established 
to promote the responsible management of the 
world’s forests.
GFSI
Global Food Safety Initiative. A CGF activity that 
enables continuous improvement of food safety 
management across the supply chain, through 
benchmarking, collaboration and harmonization 
of food safety certification programs.
Global Compact
The United Nations Global Compact is an initiative 
for businesses committed to aligning their operations 
and strategies with 10 universally accepted principles 
in the areas of human rights, labor, environmental and 
anti-corruption.
Greenhouse gases
Gases such as carbon dioxide or methane, which 
potentially contribute to climate change.
GRI
Global Reporting Initiative. An international, multi-
stakeholder initiative that provides a standard for 
environmental and social sustainability reporting.
Group
All brands that are in scope of this report as defined 
in the Scope of reporting section of this report.
HCFC
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon. A powerful greenhouse 
gas that has an ozone-depleting effect; may be used 
as cooling element in refrigerants.
HFC
Hydrofluorocarbon. A greenhouse gas that may be 
used as a cooling element in refrigerants.
IEA
International Energy Agency. An intergovernmental 
organization that acts as energy policy advisor to 
28 member countries in their effort to ensure reliable, 
affordable, and clean energy.
Incineration
The burning of trash and garbage.
kWh
Kilowatt hour. This is a unit of energy. Energy 
delivered by electric utilities is expressed and charged 
for in kWh. Kilowatt hour is the product of power in 
kilowatts multiplied by time in hours.
Landfill
Final placement of waste in or on the land in a 
controlled way according to sanitary, environmental 
protection and other safety requirements.
Last-stage of production sites
The suppliers at the stage in our supply chain where 
our products are manufactured or produced.
LEED
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design 
is a “green building” certification program which 
encourages environmental responsibility and an 
efficient use of resources.
LED
Light-emitting diodes. LEDs produce more light per 
watt than incandescent light bulbs, are more efficient 
and more durable.
Materiality matrix
In a materiality matrix, social, environmental and 
economic issues are plotted along two dimensions: 
their importance to stakeholders and their importance 
to the company in terms of the impact these issues 
have on its reputation, operations and finances.
MSC
Marine Stewardship Council. A certification 
program with a consumer label for well managed, 
sustainable fishing.
National brand
The brand name of a product that is distributed 
nationally under a brand name owned by the 
producer or distributor.
NGO
Non-governmental organization.
NR
Not reported.

Page 62:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
61
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approachGlossary
Omni-channel
Omni-channel is a multichannel approach to sales 
that seeks to provide the customer with a seamless 
shopping experience whether the customer is 
shopping online from a desktop or mobile device, 
by telephone or in a store.
Organic product
Agricultural product produced by organic farming 
methods and certified as such by an independent 
organization. Organic agriculture is a system that 
relies on ecosystem management rather than external 
agricultural inputs.
Own-brand
Own-brand products include store brands, exclusive 
brands and non-branded products, including fruit and 
vegetables, meat, seafood and dairy.
PI
Product Integrity. All activities related to minimizing the 
risk that suppliers, their products, or the products we 
sell do not meet legal requirements or fulfill Ahold’s 
requirements in the areas of Product Safety and 
Responsible Products.
Priority areas
These are the five responsible retailing areas on 
which the company is focusing under its current 
strategy. The priority areas – healthy living, community 
well-being, our people, responsible products, and 
care for the environment – were selected on the basis 
of their relevance to Ahold’s business model, to our 
stakeholders, and to those areas where Ahold can 
make a meaningful difference.
Rainforest Alliance
A certification program with a consumer label that 
aims to conserve biodiversity and ensure sustainable 
livelihoods by transforming land-use practices, 
business practices and consumer behavior.
RR
Responsible retailing. A pillar of the Reshaping Retail 
at Ahold strategy.
RSPO
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil. A global, multi-
stakeholder initiative concerned with the production of 
sustainable palm oil via its certification program.
RTRS
Round Table on Responsible Soy. A global, multi-
stakeholder initiative concerned with the production of 
responsible soy via its certification program.
Shrink
All product losses in our stores as a percentage of 
total sales. This includes all forms of losses such as 
theft, food bank donations, stock differences, expired 
products, markdowns, unsalable discontinued items, 
damages and cash shortages.
Stakeholders
All the groups that participate in the economic life of 
the company (employees, customers, suppliers and 
shareholders), who monitor the company (unions and 
NGOs) or who are more or less directly influenced 
by it (society, local government and others).
Sustainability hotspots 
Areas in the supply chain which are linked to 
environmental, social and animal welfare issues.
UTZ
A certification program with a consumer label for 
responsibly produced and sourced coffee, tea and 
cocoa, which aims to achieve sustainable agricultural 
supply chains.
Value chain
A value chain is the whole series of activities that 
create and build value at every step. The total value 
delivered by the company is the sum total of the value 
built up all throughout the company.
Zero waste
Zero waste means designing and managing 
products and processes to systematically avoid 
and eliminate the volume and toxicity of waste and 
materials, conserve and recover all resources, and 
not burn or bury them. Implementing zero waste will 
eliminate all discharges to land, water or air that are 
a threat to planetary, human, animal or plant health. 
Business and communities that achieve over 90% 
diversion of waste from landfills and incinerators are 
considered to be successful in achieving zero waste. 

Page 63:
 
Ahold 
Responsible Retailing Report 2015
62
Ahold at a glance Looking forward: Our 2020 strategy Looking back: Our performance in 2015 Other informationPerformance and approach
Tim van der Zanden
Head of External Communications
communications@ahold.com
+31 88 659 51 34
Harm-Jan Pietersen
Manager Responsible Retailing
responsible.retailing@ahold.com
+31 88 659 52 13
Media Relations
Responsible Retailing
Henk Jan ten Brinke
VP Investor Relations
investor.relations@ahold.com
+31 88 659 52 13
Investor Relations
Emma Coles
VP Responsible Retailing
responsible.retailing@ahold.com
Responsible Retailing
Contact us Cautionary notice 
Contact information
Ahold proactively maintains an open dialogue with 
stakeholders, providing accurate information in a 
timely and consistent way. The Company does 
this through press releases, the Annual Report, the 
Responsible Retailing Report, presentations, webcasts, 
and regular briefings with analysts, fund managers 
and stakeholders.
Corporate website
Whether you want to view the Company’s latest 
press releases or learn more about our local brands 
and heritage, our commitment to being a responsible 
retailer, or our approach to corporate governance, 
Ahold’s corporate website provides a wealth of 
information for stakeholders. You can access the 
corporate website at www.ahold.com
Electronic communication
In recent years, changes in legislation have removed 
the requirement for companies to mail large quantities 
of paper communications to stakeholders. Instead, 
companies are choosing to communicate with their 
stakeholders via the internet, because of its speed 
and environmental benefits, and to save costs. 
Ahold actively encourages our stakeholders to sign 
up to receive electronic communications, as part 
of our commitment to being a responsible retailer. 
For information about how to register to receive 
electronic communications, please visit the “Contact 
us” section of our corporate website.
Contact us
In order to help us get better every day we invite 
a dialogue with our stakeholders. We therefore 
welcome your feedback on this Responsible Retailing 
Report and on our responsible retailing strategy and 
targets in general.
Please contact:
Responsible Retailing team Ahold
P.O. Box 3000  
1500 HA Zaandam  
The Netherlands
Telephone: +31 88 659 5100  
Email: responsible.retailing@ahold.com
This Responsible Retailing Report (RR Report) contains 
forward-looking statements, which do not refer to 
historical facts but refer to expectations based on 
management’s current views and assumptions and 
involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties 
that could cause actual results, performance or 
vents to differ materially from those included in 
such statements. 
These forward-looking statements include, but are 
not limited to, statements as to Ahold’s responsible 
retailing strategy, the impact of the intended merger 
between Ahold and Delhaize, Ahold’s promises, 
Ahold’s stakeholder engagement, Ahold’s key priority 
areas being community well-being including but not 
limited to Ahold’s tax policy, its people, responsible 
products and care for the environment, the Global 
Reporting Initiative, the United Nations Global 
Compact, governance, scope of reporting and the 
reporting process.
These forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from future 
results expressed or implied by the forward-looking 
statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties 
relate to factors that are beyond Ahold’s ability 
to control or estimate precisely, including but not 
limited to, Ahold’s ability to successfully implement 
and complete its plans and strategies and to meet 
its targets, the benefits from Ahold’s plans and 
strategies being less than anticipated, the effect of 
general economic or political conditions, the actions 
of competitors and other third parties, increases or 
changes in competition, Ahold’s ability to retain and 
attract employees who are integral to the success of 
the business and other factors discussed in Ahold’s
Annual Report 2015 and this RR Report. Accordingly, 
this RR Report is subject to this notice and it is 
qualified by the assumptions, qualifications and the 
risk factors detailed in Ahold’s public filings and 
other disclosures. Readers are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, 
which speak only as of the date of this RR Report. 
Ahold does not assume any obligation to update any 
public information or forward-looking statement in this 
RR Report to reflect events or circumstances after the 
date of this RR Report, except as maybe required by 
applicable laws. Outside the Netherlands, Ahold 
presents itself under the name of “Royal Ahold” or 
simply “Ahold.” For the reader’s convenience, “Ahold” 
or “the company” is also used throughout this RR 
Report. The company’s registered name is “Koninklijke 
Ahold N.V.” The main responsible retailing principles 
and commitments as discussed in this RR Report imply 
obligations to perform to the best of one’s ability and 
do not imply obligations to guarantee a certain result. 
Certain products and services named in this report 
feature trademarks owned by Koninklijke Ahold N.V., 
its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associates.
Copyright © 2016 Koninklijke Ahold N.V.  
All rights reserved.

