Page 1:
Airbus Annual Report
2022

Page 2:
2 
Airbus SE is a European public company 
(Societas Europaea), with its seat in Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands, which is listed in France, Germany 
and Spain.
As a result of the relabelling to a single Airbus brand, 
Airbus SE together with its subsidiaries is referred to as 
“the Company” and no longer the Group. The segment 
formerly known as “Airbus Commercial Aircraft” is referred to 
as “Airbus”. See “– Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
– 2. 1. 1.2 Reportable Business Segments”.
In addition to historical information, this Universal Registration 
Document includes forward-looking statements. The forward-
looking statements are generally identified by the use of 
forward-looking words, such as “anticipate”, “believe”, 
“estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan”, “project”, “predict”, “will”, 
“should”, “may” or other variations of such terms, or by 
discussion of strategy. These statements relate to the 
Company’s future prospects, developments and business 
strategies and are based on analyses or forecasts of future 
results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable.  
These forward-looking statements represent the view of  
the Company only as of the dates they are made, and the 
Company disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking 
statements, except as may be otherwise required  
by law. The forward-looking statements in this Universal 
Registration Document involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause the 
Company’s actual future results, performance and 
achievements to differ materially from those forecasted or 
suggested herein.  
These include changes in general economic and business 
conditions, as well as the factors described under “Risk 
Factors” below.
This Universal Registration Document was prepared in 
accordance with Annex 1 and 2 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and has been filed in English with 
the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the “AFM”) on 4 April 2023  
in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) without prior 
approval pursuant to Article 9 of the Prospectus Regulation.
This Universal Registration Document may be used for 
the purposes of an offer to the public of securities or 
admission of securities to trading on a regulated market if 
approved by the AFM together with any amendments,  
if applicable, and a securities note and summary approved 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.
Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 3:
3 
Risk Factors
01
Information on the Company’s Activities
02
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations
03
General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
04
Corporate Governance
05
General Information
Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 4:
Contents
Risk Factors 7
1. Financial Market Risks 8
2. Business-Related Risks 12
3. Legal Risks 20
4. Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks 23
01
Information on the Company’s Activities 29
1.1 Presentation of the Company 30
1.1.1 Overview 30
1.1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft) 35
1.1.3 Helicopters  44
1.1.4 Defence and Space 50
1.1.5 Investments 57
1.1.6 Insurance  58
1.1.7 Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 58
1.2 Non-Financial Information 61
1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability 61
1.2.2 Climate Change 68
1.2.3 Pollution 86
1.2.4 Materials and Circularity 88
1.2.5 Water 90
1.2.6 Biodiversity 92
1.2.7 Aviation and Product Safety 93
1.2.8 Cyber Security 95
1.2.9 Health and Safety 97
1.2.10 Human Rights 102
1.2.11 Inclusion and Diversity 107
1.2.12 Social Dialogue 109
1.2.13 People  111
1.2.14 Business Integrity 115
1.2.15 Responsible Supply Chain 118
1.2.16 Community Impact 126
1.2.17 ESG Data Board 128
1.2.18 TCFD Correspondence Table 137
1.2.19 EU Taxonomy 138
1.2.20 GRI Index 144
1.2.21 SASB Correspondence Table 148
1.3 Other Corporate Activities 149
1.4 Recent Developments 157
Universal 
Registration  
Document
54 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 5:
02
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of  
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 159
2.1 Operating and Financial Review 160
2.1.1 Overview 161
2.1.2 Significant Accounting Considerations, 
Policies and Estimates 164
2.1.3 Performance Measures 165
2.1.4 Results of Operations 169
2.1.5 Changes in Total Equity  
(Including Non-Controlling Interests) 173
2.1.6 Liquidity and Capital Resources 174
2.2 Financial Statements 178
2.3 Statutory Auditor Fees 178
2.4 Information Regarding the Statutory Auditors 178
03
General Description of the Company 
and its Share Capital 181
3.1 General Description of the Company 182
3.1.1 Commercial and Corporate Names, 
Seat and Registered Office 182
3.1.2 Legal Form 182
3.1.3 Governing Laws and Disclosures 182
3.1.4 Date of Incorporation and Duration of the Company 183
3.1.5 Objects of the Company 184
3.1.6 Commercial and Companies Registry 184
3.1.7 Inspection of Corporate Documents 184
3.1.8 Financial Year 184
3.1.9 Allocation and Distribution of Income 184
3.1.10 General Meetings 185
3.1.11 Disclosure of Holdings 186
3.1.12 Mandatory Disposal 187
3.1.13 Mandatory Offers 188
3.2 General Description of the Share Capital 189
3.2.1 Issued Share Capital 189
3.2.2 Authorised Share Capital 189
3.2.3 Modification of Share Capital or Rights Attached 
to the Shares 189
3.2.4 Securities Granting Access to the Company’s 
Share Capital 190
3.2.5 Changes in the Issued Share Capital 190
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights 191
3.3.1 Shareholding Structure at the End of 2022 191
3.3.2 Relationships with Principal Shareholders 192
3.3.3 Form of Shares 195
3.3.4 Changes in the Shareholding of the Company 195
3.3.5 Persons Exercising Control over the Company 195
3.3.6 Simplified Group Structure Chart 195
3.3.7 Purchase by the Company of its Own Shares 197
3.4 Dividends  199
3.4.1 Dividends and Cash Distributions Paid 199
3.4.2 Dividend Policy of the Company 199
3.4.3 Unclaimed Dividends 199
3.4.4 Taxation 199
04
Corporate Governance 203
4.1 Management and Control 204
4.1.1 Corporate Governance Arrangements 204
4.1.2 Dutch Corporate Governance Code,  
“Comply or Explain” 228
4.1.3 Enterprise Risk Management System 229
4.1.4 Internal Audit 231
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal 
Executive Officers 232
4.2.1 Remuneration Policy 232
4.2.2 Long-Term Incentives Granted to the Chief  
Executive Officer 247
4.2.3 Related Party Transactions 247
4.3 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Plans 248
4.3.1 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Agreements 248
4.3.2 Employee Share Ownership Plans 248
4.3.3 Long-Term Incentive Plans 249
05
General Information 255
5.1 Entity Responsible for 
the Universal Registration Document 256
5.2 Statement of the Entity Responsible for 
the Universal Registration Document 256
5.3 Information Policy 256
5.4 Undertakings of the Company  
Regarding Information 257
5.5 Significant Changes 257
5.6 Statement on Approval 257
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
54 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 6:
6 
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 7:
Risk  
Factors
1. Financial Market Risks 8
2. Business-Related Risks 12
3. Legal Risks 20
4. Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks 23
7 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 8:
Risk Factors   / 
1 Financial Market Risks
The Company is subject to the risks and uncertainties described below that may materially affect 
its business, results of operations and financial condition. These are not the only risks the Company 
faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company, or that it currently 
considers immaterial may also impair its business and operations.
Although a certain degree of risk is inherent in the Company’s business (as described in the 
risk factors mentioned in this section), the Company endeavours to minimise risk to the extent 
reasonably possible. To achieve its strategy, the Company is prepared to take modest or low event 
risks to provide sufficient predictability on profitability and cash flow given the necessity to stay 
competitive, invest in research and development and manage the diversified business portfolio 
in a world of uncertain market and economic conditions. Due to the importance of programmes 
and operations for the Company, a particular focus is put on the operational dimension of risk 
identification and management. Within the area of legal and compliance risks, the Company seeks 
to ensure that its business practices conform to applicable laws, regulations and ethical business 
principles, while developing a culture of integrity. Regarding financial risks, our risk approach can be 
qualified as prudent and the Company aims to minimise the downside risk through an appropriate 
liquidity buffer, moderate financial leverage and the use of hedging derivatives and other insurance 
products.
1. Financial Market Risks
Global Economic Conditions
The Company’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition 
are materially affected by global 
economic conditions.
Market disruptions and significant economic downturns may 
develop quickly due to, among other things, crises affecting 
credit or liquidity markets, regional or global recessions, sharp 
fluctuations in or sustained high commodity prices (including gas 
and oil), energy shortage or unavailability, currency exchange 
rates or interest rates, rapid increases in or sustained high 
levels of inflation or deflation, sovereign debt and bank debt 
rating downgrades, restructurings or defaults, or adverse 
geopolitical events (including armed conflicts such as Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine, rising tensions around the world, global 
pandemic diseases such as COVID-19 or the impact of potentially 
conflicting policies from the United States (“US”), European 
Union, Russia and China with ramifications beyond their 
borders). Recent US administrations have introduced greater 
uncertainty with respect to US tax and trade policies, tariffs and 
government regulations affecting trade between the US and 
other countries. Such measures, and the countermeasures they 
provoked, affected and may continue to affect countries where 
our customers and suppliers are located or where the Company 
has an operational presence or to which its financing activities 
are linked. See “– Business-Related Risks – Ukraine Crisis”, 
“– Business-Related Risks – COVID-19 Risks” and “– Business-
Related Risks – Availability of Government and other Sources 
of Financing”.
The Company’s global presence includes France, Germany, 
Spain and the UK as well as fully-owned subsidiaries in the US, 
China, Japan, India and in the Middle East, and spare parts 
centres in Hamburg, Frankfurt, Washington, Beijing, Dubai and 
Singapore. At the end of 2022, the Company had engineering and 
training centres in Toulouse, Miami, Mexico, Wichita, Hamburg, 
Bangalore, Beijing and Singapore. There are also hubs and field 
service stations around the world. The Company also relies on 
industrial co-operation and partnerships with major companies 
and a wide network of suppliers. This global presence entails the 
risk of being affected by weak market and economic conditions 
in particular in Europe, the US and Asia where it manufactures 
and to which it sells the majority of its products.
It is a priority to ensure that the Company can identify, attract, 
develop and retain a world-class competent, motivated and 
flexible workforce, which fits current business requirements and 
future business needs in each of the countries in which the 
Company has a presence. A change in economic conditions 
in any of the geographies where the Company has significant 
numbers of employees or key employees may therefore impact 
its ability to compete effectively for employees in such countries.
98 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 9:
Risk Factors   / 
1 Financial Market Risks
At the end of 2022, approximately 18,000 suppliers from more 
than 90 countries supply parts, components, systems and 
services to the Company. In 2022, the Company’s overall external 
sourcing volume was estimated around € 44 billion. The Company 
requires its suppliers’ and subcontractors’ services in order to 
deliver our products and generate revenue and profit. Therefore 
financial, economic and geopolitical instability in any part of 
the world that would affect our suppliers or subcontractors, 
including conditions resulting in sharply rising inflation, increasing 
energy prices, their inability to obtain credit or even in their 
insolvency, could impact the Company’s ability to meet its 
customer obligations in a satisfactory and timely manner. In 
addition, financial, economic and geopolitical instability affecting 
suppliers or subcontractors could impact such parties’ ability to 
meet their obligations under risk sharing partnership agreements 
entered into with the Company. The health and economic crisis 
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and the consequences 
of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine have increased the Company’s 
exposure to supply chain risk. See “– Business-Related Risks 
– Dependence on Key Suppliers and Subcontractors”.
The behaviour of our customers and by extension, the demand 
for and supply of the Company’s products and services has been 
and may continue to be materially affected by global economic 
conditions. Historically, the Company has experienced that order 
intake for commercial aircraft has shown cyclical trends, due 
in part to changes in passenger demand for air travel and the 
air cargo share of freight activity, which are in turn driven by a 
range of economic variables including gross domestic product 
(“GDP”) growth and private consumption levels.
A deterioration in economic factors driven by geopolitical events 
such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine or by new variants of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and the related drop in air travel in many 
parts of the world driving our commercial airline business, could 
lead to protracted weak demand for our commercial aircraft. 
The relative size of the Company’s commercial aircraft business 
relative to its defence, space and government activities has 
diluted the latter’s ability to serve as an effective tool to counter 
commercial cycles.
Demand for military and parapublic products may be affected by 
governmental budget constraints caused by economic pressure.
Therefore protracted weak global economic conditions could 
directly result in:
 – financial distress of airlines and lessors, and potential 
bankruptcies around the world;
 – requests by customers to postpone or cancel existing orders 
for aircraft (including helicopters) or decisions by customers to 
review their order intake strategy due to, among other things, 
lack of adequate credit supply from the market to finance 
aircraft purchases or increases in operating costs or weak 
levels of passenger demand for air travel and cargo activity 
more generally, which could negatively impact the Company’s 
results of operations;
 – variations in public spending for defence, homeland security 
and space activities, which may lead to termination or reduction 
of future funding or cancellations or delays impacting existing 
contracts which could negatively impact the Company’s 
results of operations; and
 – an increase in the amount of sales financing that the Company 
is requested to provide to its customers to support mainly 
aircraft deliveries typically secured over the underlying 
aircraft and bearing exposure to the customer credit risk. See 
“– Financial Market Risks – Sales Financing Arrangements”.
In addition, in the commercial aircraft industry it is the industry 
standard to include revision clauses in sales and supplier 
contracts due to the lengthy terms of such contracts. Such 
revision clauses can be based on one or multiple indices and 
therefore, can evolve due to changes in economic measures 
on which such indices are based, thereby potentially negatively 
impacting the Company’s results.
The Company generally finances its manufacturing activities 
and product development programmes, and in particular the 
development of new commercial aircraft, through a combination 
of cash flows generated by operating activities, customer 
advances, European governments’ refundable advances and 
risk-sharing partnerships with subcontractors. In addition, 
the Company’s military activities benefit from government-
financed research and development contracts. If necessary, the 
Company may raise funds in the capital markets. Weak economic 
circumstances, uncertainty or adverse trends leading to liquidity 
constraints or reduced availability of finance for the Company’s 
customers, suppliers, European and other governments, and 
other risk sharing partners may affect the Company’s ability to 
finance its product development programmes and raise funds 
in the capital markets.
The Company’s financial results could also be negatively affected 
depending on gains or losses realised on the sale or exchange 
of financial instruments; impairment charges resulting from 
revaluations of debt and equity securities and other investments; 
interest rates; cash balances; and changes in fair value of 
derivative instruments. Increased volatility in the financial markets 
and overall economic uncertainty would increase the risk of the 
actual amounts realised in the future on the Company’s financial 
instruments differing significantly from the fair values currently 
assigned to them.
Although the potential negative impact of global economic 
conditions has been thoroughly assessed, the consequences 
thereof could have unforeseen material effects on the Company’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition, and in 
particular if these were to impact the Company’s commercial 
aviation activities or otherwise impact its access to financing.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
98 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 10:
Risk Factors   / 
1 Financial Market Risks
Sales Financing Arrangements
Foreign Currency Exposure
In support of sales, the Company may agree, case by case, to 
participate in the financing of selected customers. Over 202 0 
to 2022, the average number of aircraft delivered in respect of 
which financing support has been provided by Airbus amounted 
to approximately 1% of the number of deliveries over the same 
period.
The risks arising from the Company’s sales financing activities 
may be classified into two categories: (i) credit risk, which 
relates to the customer’s ability to perform its obligations under 
a financing arrangement, and (ii) aircraft value risk, which 
primarily relates to unexpected decreases in the future value of 
aircraft. Defaults by its customers or significant decreases in the 
value of the financed aircraft in the resale market may materially 
adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition.
The Company’s sales financing arrangements expose it to 
residual aircraft value risk, because it generally retains security 
interests in aircraft for the purpose of securing customers’ 
performance of their financial obligations to the Company, and/
or because it may guarantee a portion of the value of certain 
aircraft at certain anniversaries from the date of their delivery 
to customers. Under adverse market conditions, the market 
for used aircraft could become illiquid and the market value 
of used aircraft could significantly decrease below projected 
amounts. In the event of a financing customer default at a time 
when the market value for a used aircraft has unexpectedly 
decreased, the Company would be exposed to the difference 
between the outstanding loan amount and the market value 
of the aircraft, net of ancillary costs (such as maintenance and 
remarketing costs, etc.). Similarly, if an unexpected decrease in 
the market value of a given aircraft coincided with the exercise 
In 2022, more than 70% of the Company’s revenues are 
denominated in US dollars, with approximately 60% of such 
currency exposure “naturally hedged” by US dollar-denominated 
costs. The remainder of costs are incurred primarily in euros and 
to a lesser extent, pounds sterling. Consequently, to the extent 
that the Company does not cover its net current and future 
exchange rate exposure from the time of a customer order to 
the time of delivery, its profits will be affected by market changes 
in the exchange rate of the US dollar against these currencies. 
There are complexities inherent in determining whether and when 
foreign currency exposure of the Company will materialise, in 
particular given the possibility of unpredictable revenue variations 
arising from order cancellations, postponements or delivery 
delays.
Regarding the foreign exchange risk, the Company may also have 
difficulty in fully implementing its hedging strategy if its hedging 
counterparties are unwilling to increase derivatives risk limits with 
the Company, and is exposed to the risk of non-performance 
or default by these hedging counterparties. The exchange rates 
at which the Company is able to hedge its foreign currency 
exposure may also deteriorate, as the euro could appreciate 
against the US dollar for some time, as has been the case in the 
past and as higher capital requirements for banks result in higher 
credit charges for uncollateralised derivatives. Accordingly, the 
Company’s foreign currency hedging strategy may not protect it 
from significant changes in the exchange rate of the US dollar to 
the euro and the pound sterling, in particular over the long-term, 
which could have a negative effect on its financial condition and 
results of operations.
Moreover, to further mitigate the impact of exchange rate 
fluctuations on its profits, the Company might enter into a 
euro conversion agreement with its customers to convert fully 
or partially the payment from US dollar into euro based on an 
agreed conversion rate. This agreement is implemented on an 
exceptional basis and at the specific request of the customer, and 
is accounted for in the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements 
as a contract in euros.
Since 2022 and going-forward, the Company has presented 
its matured hedge portfolio and euro conversion on a blended 
basis and therefore blended rates reflect both the EBIT impact of 
hedge rates of the US dollar hedge portfolio and euro conversion.
As of 31 December 2022, the blended portfolio which amounts 
to US$ 93.9 billion with maturities up to 2029 and covers a major 
portion of the foreign exchange exposure expected over the 
period of the operative planning.
The portion of the Company’s US dollar-denominated revenues 
that is not covered in accordance with the Company’s coverage 
strategy will be exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates, which 
may be significant.
Furthermore, the Company is exposed to certain other price 
risks such as interest rate risks, changes in commodity prices 
and in the price of its own stocks. Adverse movements of these 
prices may jeopardise the Company’s profitability if not hedged.
Currency exchange rate fluctuations in currencies other than the 
US dollar in which the Company incurs its principal manufacturing 
expenses (mainly the euro) may affect the ability of the Company 
to compete with competitors whose costs are incurred in other 
currencies. This is particularly true with respect to fluctuations 
relative to the US dollar, as many of the Company’s products 
and those of its competitors (e.g. in the defence export market) 
are priced in US dollars. The Company’s ability to compete 
with competitors may be eroded to the extent that any of the 
Company’s principal currencies appreciates in value against the 
principal currencies of such competitors.
The Company’s consolidated revenues, costs, assets and 
liabilities denominated in currencies other than the euro are 
translated into the euro for the purposes of compiling its financial 
statements. Changes in the value of these currencies relative 
to the euro will, therefore, have an effect on the euro value of 
the Company’s reported revenues, costs, EBIT(1), other financial 
results, assets, liabilities and equity.
(1) Airbus continues to use the term EBIT. EBIT is identical to profit before financial result and income taxes.
1110 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 11:
Risk Factors   / 
1 Financial Market Risks
Counterparty Credit
Liquidity
In addition to the credit risk relating to sales financing as 
discussed above, the Company is exposed to credit risk to the 
extent of non-performance by its counterparties for financial 
instruments, such as hedging instruments (US$ 76.2 billion 
nominal value at 31 December 2022) and cash investments 
(€ 22.06 billion nominal value at 31 December 2022). However, 
the Company has policies in place to avoid concentrations of 
credit risk and to ensure that credit risk exposure is limited.
Counterparties for transactions in cash, cash equivalents and 
securities as well as for derivative transactions are limited to 
highly-rated financial institutions, corporates or sovereigns. 
The Company’s credit limit system assigns maximum exposure 
lines to such counterparties, based on a minimum credit rating 
threshold as published by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. If 
neither is present, Fitch ratings are used. Besides the credit 
rating, the limit system also takes into account fundamental 
counterparty data, as well as sector and maturity allocations 
and further qualitative and quantitative criteria such as credit risk 
indicators. The credit exposure of the Company is reviewed on 
a regular basis and the respective limits are regularly monitored 
and updated.
The Company is exposed to liquidity risk in case of funding needs 
during a market disruption situation. If the liquidity risk would 
materialise, the Company could be at risk of not being able to 
pay its creditors and shareholders in due time or could have to 
delay the closing of some transactions. The liquidity risk can 
arise when money markets and debt capital markets are closed 
for new issuances for a period of time. In order to mitigate this 
risk, the Company maintains:
 – significant amounts of highly liquid cash on-balance sheet;
 – undrawn committed credit facilities;
 – diversified euro funding programmes (such as a € 12 billion 
euro medium-term note (“EMTN”) programme eligible to the 
Corporate Sector Purchase Programme of the European 
Central Bank (“ECB”), a € 11 billion Negotiable European 
Commercial Paper programme eligible to the Pandemic 
Emergency Purchase Programme of the ECB, and a € 4 billion 
euro Commercial Paper programme); and
 – access to US dollar funding (through a US$ 3 billion US 
Commercial Paper programme, and a 144A US dollar bond 
market).
On 5 July 2022, the Company signed a new sustainability-
linked Revolving Syndicated Credit Facility (the “ 2022 facility”) 
committed by 38 banks for € 8 billion with a maturity of five 
years and two extension options of one year (subject to banks’ 
approval). This facility incorporates an adjustment mechanism 
that links the applicable margin of the facility (which can go either 
up or down) to the achievement of annual targets for two selected 
sustainability key performance indicators related to environmental 
rating and health & safety. The 2022 facility cancels and replaces 
the € 6 billion Revolving Syndicated Credit Facility signed in 2020.
Going forward, the Company will continue to adopt a prudent 
approach when it comes to managing its liquidity with the 
objective of maintaining its robust credit rating.
As of 31 December 2022 the credit exposure had been estimated as follows (in € million) (1):
Source of risk Exposure Unexpected Loss Contribution
Banks 4,991 34
Corporates 4,816 104
Sovereign issuers 1,583 15
Money market funds 12,210 17
Total 23,600 170
(1) Not audited.
The Company also seeks to maintain a certain level of 
diversification in its portfolio between individual counterparties as 
well as between financial institutions, corporates and sovereigns 
in order to avoid an increased concentration of credit risk on only 
a few counterparties.
window date of an asset value guarantee with respect to that 
aircraft, the Company would be exposed to losing as much as 
the difference between the market value of such aircraft and the 
guaranteed amount, though such amounts are usually capped. 
Through the Airbus Asset Management department or as a 
result of past financing transactions, the Company is the owner 
of used aircraft, exposing it directly to fluctuations in the market 
value of these used aircraft.
In addition, the Company has backstop commitments to provide 
financing related to orders on the Company’s and ATR’s backlog. 
The Company’s sales financing exposure could rise in line with 
future sales growth depending on the agreement reached with 
customers. The Company remains exposed to the risk of defaults 
by its customers or significant decreases in the value of the 
financed aircraft in the resale market, which may have a negative 
effect on its future financial condition and results of operations.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1110 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 12:
Risk Factors   / 
2 Business-Related Risks
Pension Commitments
The Company participates in several pension plans for both 
executive and non-executive employees, some of which are 
underfunded. As of 31  December 2022, the provision for 
retirement plans and similar obligations amounted to € 3.5 billion 
(compared to € 7.1 billion as of 31 December 2021). In addition 
as a consequence of the increased discount rates a non-current 
asset of € 0.6 billion has been accounted for to reflect the surplus 
in two pension funds in the UK. For information related to these 
plans, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated 
Financial Statements – Note 32: Post-Employment Benefits”. 
The Company has recorded a provision in its balance sheet for 
its share of the underfunding measured in accordance with IFRS 
based on current estimates. These estimates will be reviewed 
annually and as the case may be revised leading the Company 
to record lower or higher provisions.
Necessary adjustments of such provisions include but are 
not limited to (i) the discount factor (dependent in part on 
interest rates) and the inflation rate applied to calculate the net 
present value of the pension liabilities, (ii) the performance of 
the asset classes which are represented in the pension assets, 
and (iii) behavioural assumptions regarding beneficiaries, and 
(iv) additional cash injections contributed by the Company from 
time to time to the pension assets. The Company has taken 
measures to reduce potential losses on the pension assets 
and to better match the characteristics of the pension liabilities 
with those of the pension assets as a long-term objective. 
Nevertheless, any required additional provisions would have a 
negative effect on the Company’s total equity (net of deferred 
tax), which could in turn have a negative effect on its future 
financial condition.
2. Business-Related Risks
Commercial Aircraft and Helicopter Market Factors
Historically, the Company has experienced that order intake 
for commercial aircraft has shown cyclical trends, due in 
part to changes in passenger demand for air travel and the 
air cargo share of freight activity, which are in turn driven by 
a range of economic variables, such as GDP growth, private 
consumption levels or working age population size. Other factors, 
however, play an important role in determining the market for 
commercial aircraft, such as (i) the average age and technical 
obsolescence of the fleet relative to new aircraft; (ii) the number 
and characteristics of aircraft taken out of service and parked 
pending potential return into service; (iii) passenger and freight 
load factors; (iv) airline pricing policies and resultant yields; 
(v) airline financial health; (vi) the availability of third party financing 
for aircraft purchases; (vii) evolution of fuel price; (viii) regulatory 
environment; (ix) environmental constraints imposed upon 
aircraft operations, such as the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction 
Scheme for International Aviation (“CORSIA”), carbon standards 
and other environmental taxes; and (x) market evolutionary 
factors such as the volume of business-related travel or the 
growth of low-cost passenger airline business models or the 
impact of e-commerce on air cargo volumes or consolidation 
of airlines. The health and economic crisis resulting from the 
COVID-19 pandemic, armed conflicts such as Russia’s invasion 
of Ukraine, and rising tensions around the world can amplify the 
impact of these factors.
The factors described above may have a material impact on the 
commercial aircraft industry and, therefore, on the Company’s 
financial condition and results of operations. In 2022, the 
commercial aircraft business segment of Airbus recorded total 
revenues of € 41.4 billion – representing 69% of the Company’s 
revenues. See “–  Information on the Company ’s Activities 
– 1.1.1 Overview”. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company 
observed that the downturn in its commercial aircraft business 
was partially mitigated by its defence, space and government 
activities. Such a cyclical pattern had already been observed in 
the past but historically diminished, due to the significant growth 
of the Company’s commercial aircraft business relative to its 
other activities, until the global pandemic arrived.
However, there can be no assurance that the Company will not 
lose the benefit of certain derivatives or cash investments in 
case of a systemic market disruption. In such circumstances, the 
value and liquidity of these financial instruments could decline 
and result in a significant impairment, which may in turn have a 
negative effect on the Company’s financial condition and results 
of operations.
Moreover, the progressive implementation of new financial 
regulations and adjustments to existing regulations will have 
an impact on the business model of banks (for example, the 
split between investment banking and commercial banking 
activities) and on the capital structure and cost of such banks’ 
activities in relation to over-the-counter derivatives, and 
therefore on the funding consequences of central clearing and 
collateralisation of over-the-counter derivatives for corporations 
like the Company. This may ultimately increase the cost and 
reduce the liquidity of the Company’s long-term hedges, for 
example, as banks seek to either pass-on the additional costs 
to their corporate counterparties or withdraw from low-profit 
businesses altogether.
1312 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 13:
Risk Factors   / 
2 Business-Related Risks
COVID-19 Risks
Over the last three years, new variants of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the resulting health and economic crisis and actions taken in 
response to the spread of the pandemic, including government 
measures, lockdowns, travel limitations and restrictions, have 
resulted in significant disruption to the Company’s business, 
operations and supply chain.
The aerospace industry, the financial health of operators, airlines, 
lessors and suppliers, commercial aircraft market, demand for air 
travel and commercial air traffic have been severely impacted by 
the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting health and economic 
crisis. As a result, airlines reduced capacity, grounded portions 
of their fleets and sought to implement measures to reduce 
cash spending and secure liquidity. Some airlines also sought 
arrangements with creditors, restructuring or applying for 
bankruptcy or insolvency protection, which may have further 
consequences for the Company and its order book as well as 
other consequences resulting from the related proceedings. The 
Company will continue to face additional risks and uncertainties 
resulting from future consequences of the health and economic 
crisis on operators, airlines, lessors, suppliers and other actors 
in the air transport industry. See also “– Business-related risks 
– Commercial Aircraft and Helicopter Market Factors” below.
Notably in 2020 and 2021, a number of measures were taken 
by the Company to implement stringent health and safety 
procedures while taking account of stock levels and production 
lead-times. The COVID-19 crisis may lead to further disruptions 
to the Company’s internal operations and to its ability to deliver 
products and services. See also “– Business-related risks – 
Dependence on Key Suppliers and Subcontractors” below.
In addition to its impact on the financial viability of operators, 
airlines and lessors and the reduction of commercial air traffic, 
lockdowns, travel limitations and restrictions around the world 
have posed logistical challenges and may continue to cause 
disruptions to the Company’s business, its operations and supply 
chain. These measures have and may continue to adversely 
affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services as 
well as customers’ ability to take delivery of aircraft.
The Company has been adversely affected by weak market and 
economic conditions in markets around the world. Protracted 
weaker market and economic conditions and their knock-on 
effects have resulted in and could continue to result in (i) additional 
requests by customers to postpone delivery or cancel existing 
orders for aircraft (including helicopters) or other products 
including services, (ii) decisions by customers to review their 
fleet strategy, (iii) weak levels of passenger demand for air travel 
and cargo activity more generally, (iv) a sustained reduction in 
the volume of air travel for business purposes, and (v) prolonged 
or additional travel limitations and restrictions, which could 
negatively impact the Company’s results of operations.
In 2022, the Company delivered 661 commercial aircraft, an 
increase of 8% compared to 2021 (compared to 611 commercial 
aircraft in 2021). This excludes two deliveries recorded in 
December 2021 (two A350-900 Aeroflot) for which a transfer 
was not possible due to international sanctions. In 2022, the 
Company recorded 258 commercial aircraft cancellations 
(compared to 264 cancellations in 2021).
The Company continues to monitor the evolution of the COVID-19 
pandemic and will evaluate further impacts and additional 
measures going forward while taking into account the latest 
industry outlook.
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition have been materially affected in prior years by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, and the Company may continue to face 
significant risks and uncertainties related to certain regions 
including China. There can be no assurance that the Company’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition will not be 
materially affected by other pandemics in the future.
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 3: Macroeconomic Environment”.
The commercial helicopter market in which the Company 
operates has shown cyclical trends and could also be influenced 
by factors listed above. The civil & parapublic market has shown 
signs of recovery in 2022, notably in the intermediate single 
engine and medium twin helicopter segment and the private 
& business aviation and aerial work market. The offshore oil 
& gas market shows signs of recovery with increased flight 
hours however the level of investment in the acquisition of new 
platforms has not significantly increased. Flight hours have 
now exceeded pre-pandemic levels and Airbus Helicopters 
has increased revenues thanks to the wide-ranging portfolio 
of service solutions.
Ukraine Crisis
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 and the resulting 
export control restrictions and international sanctions against 
Russia, Belarus and certain Russian entities and individuals have 
resulted in disruption to the Company’s business, its operations, 
data management and supply chain.
Following the imposition of export control restrictions and 
sanctions by the EU, the UK, the US and other countries that are 
relevant to the Company’s business, the Company announced 
in March 2022 it has suspended the delivery of aircraft and 
support services to Russian customers, as well as the supply of 
spare parts, equipment and software to Russia. The Company 
is complying with all applicable regulations and sanctions to its 
facilities and operations in Russia (including the Airbus Russia 
affiliate, Airbus Engineering Centre (ECAR), representation office 
in Moscow and the Space Division’s two joint ventures in Russia, 
Energia Satellite Technologies and Synertech). See “– Legal 
risks – Export Control Laws and Regulations” below.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1312 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 14:
Risk Factors   / 
2 Business-Related Risks
The Company’s extensive information and communications 
systems, industrial environment, products and services are 
exposed to cyber security risks. Cyber security threats are 
rapidly changing and scenarios of attacks are becoming more 
sophisticated.
The Company is exposed to a number of different cyber security 
risks, directly or through its supply chain, arising from actions 
that may be intentional and hostile, accidental or negligent. Some 
of the objectives of an attacker are espionage, to influence, 
to create an obstacle to functioning or for lucrative purposes. 
The main cyber security risks for the Company are intrusion in 
systems leading to data leakage, attacks impacting the resilience 
of industrial systems and compromising products and services.
All of the above mentioned risks are heightened in the context 
of the increasingly common use of digital solutions by the 
Company (including greater use of cloud services, mobile 
devices, “internet of things”), increasingly capable adversaries 
and integration with the extended enterprise. Risks related to the 
Company’s industrial control systems, manufacturing processes 
and products are growing with the increase of interconnectivity 
and digitalisation. Moreover, a main challenge is to maintain an 
appropriate level of security of complex and legacy industrial 
systems to face attacks from hackers, who are improving their 
techniques and skills rapidly.
Finally, the Company is exposed to reputational damage and 
destabilisation from the growing volume of false and malicious 
information injected into media and social networks.
The Company continues to make significant efforts to prevent 
such risks from materialising. Targeted investments will reduce 
but not eradicate likelihood and impact through strengthening 
the business cyber protection and resilience.
The materialisation of one or several of such risks could lead to 
severe damage, including but not limited to significant financial 
loss, need for additional investment, contractual or reputational 
performance degradation, loss of intellectual property, loss of 
business data and information, operational business degradation 
or disruptions, and product or services malfunctions. Loss 
of personal data may result in administrative, civil or criminal 
liabilities including significant fines and penalties.
Cyber Security Risks
Physical Security, Terrorism, Pandemics and Other Catastrophic Events
Terrorist attacks, public health crises and the spread of disease 
(such as the global COVID-19 pandemic), armed conflict and 
rising military tensions have demonstrated that such events may 
negatively affect public perception of air travel, which may in turn 
reduce demand for travel and commercial aircraft. The outbreak 
of wars, riots or political unrest or uncertainties including those 
resulting in an acute increase of cost of living may also affect 
the willingness of the public to travel by air. Furthermore, major 
aircraft accidents may have a negative effect on the public’s or 
regulators’ perception of the safety of a given class of aircraft, 
a given airline, form of design or air traffic management. Flight 
activity ramp-up requires particular focus on safety aspects 
such as removing aircraft from storage and pilot training. As a 
result of such factors, the aeronautic industry may be confronted 
again with additional sudden or prolonged reduced demand for 
air transport and be compelled to take additional costly security 
and safety measures. The Company may, therefore, suffer from 
a decline in demand for all or certain types of its aircraft or other 
products, and the Company’s customers may postpone delivery 
or cancel orders.
In addition to affecting demand for its products, catastrophic 
events could disrupt the Company’s internal operations, supply 
chain or its ability to deliver products and services. Disruptions 
may be related to threats to infrastructure, personnel security 
and physical security and may arise from terrorism, conflict and 
civil unrests, malicious acts, natural disasters, fire, damaging 
weather, and other types of incidents such as drone air traffic 
The crisis has increased the Company’s exposure to supply 
chain disruption risk. Part of the titanium used by the Company 
is sourced from Russia, both directly and indirectly through the 
Company’s suppliers. While geopolitical risks are integrated 
into the Company’s titanium sourcing policies, the impact of 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on the Company’s ability to source 
materials and components and any future expansion of sanctions 
is being reviewed.
The Company is also indirectly exposed through its partnership 
into the joint venture ArianeGroup. Arianespace paid and 
received payments for the Soyuz programme for which 
Roscosmos decided to suspend the rocket launches operated 
by Arianespace. Agreements have been reached on pre-
payments received with two of these clients. Negotiations are 
well advanced with the remaining customers.
Due to the above mentioned export control restrictions and 
sanctions, the Company has been unable to deliver two aircraft 
previously recorded as sold at 31 December 2021. As a result, 
the associated revenues and margin have been derecognised 
as of 31 March 2022. These aircraft have been remarketed in 
the second quarter 2022.
As of 31 December 2022, the resulting recorded EBIT charge 
amounts to approximately € 0.1 billion, mainly relating to Airbus.
Although the full impact cannot reasonably be assessed at 
the time of this report, the Company’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition may be materially affected 
by the direct and indirect impacts of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine 
and the resulting export control restrictions and international 
sanctions. See also “– Business-related risks – Dependence 
on Key Suppliers and Subcontractors” and “– Business-related 
risks – Industrial System Adaptation” below.
1514 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 15:
Risk Factors   / 
2 Business-Related Risks
Dependence on Key Suppliers and Subcontractors
The Company is dependent on numerous key suppliers and 
subcontractors to provide it with the raw materials, parts, 
assemblies, systems, equipment and services that it needs to 
manufacture and deliver its products.
The Company relies upon the good performance and financial 
health of its suppliers and subcontractors to meet the obligations 
defined under their contracts. A supplier’s performance and 
health may be negatively impacted by a variety of topics 
including: the COVID-19 pandemic and its resulting economic 
impact; local quarantines; loss of skilled resources as a result 
of workforce reduction and difficulties to re-staff due to market 
employment tensions; need for working capital increase while 
state/bank loans obtained to weather the COVID-19 crisis have 
reached maturity in a context of inflation, high energy costs 
and interest rate increases; difficulty gaining access to the 
needed material and components, including semiconductors 
and electronic components in the needed quantity and time 
frame and at competitive conditions as well as transport and 
logistic means availability; energy supply shortages including as 
a consequence of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine; cyber security 
threats; geopolitical unrest; export controls evolving regulations, 
sanctions and embargoes; and environmental issues.
In the context described above, changes to the Company’s 
production or development schedules may impact suppliers 
and customers so that they initiate claims under their respective 
contracts for financial compensation or do not fulfil their on time 
and on quality delivery commitments. This may have a negative 
effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the 
Company.
As the Company’s global sourcing footprint extends, some 
suppliers (or their sub-tier suppliers) may have production 
facilities located in countries that are exposed to socio-political 
unrest, natural disasters or sanctions imposed by governmental 
authorities which could interrupt deliveries. This may have a 
negative effect on the financial condition and results of operations 
of the Company.
The Company cannot fully protect itself from non-performance of 
a supplier, including in case of external factors beyond its control, 
which could disrupt production and in turn may have a negative 
effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the 
Company. Nevertheless, the Company is striving to improve 
its supply chain resilience and has implemented a robust 
governance to prevent, anticipate and monitor supply chain 
disruption risks and efficient management of issues.
Industrial System Adaptation
The Company faces a challenging risk profile due to the adverse 
geopolitical and economic environment, which increases 
the risks concerning its ability to adapt its industrial system 
and increase its production rates on the commercial aircraft 
programmes as planned.
In May 2022, the Company confirmed that commercial aircraft 
production for the A320 Family was progressing towards 
a monthly rate of 65 aircraft by early 2024, in a complex 
environment. Taking into account the fact that this complex 
environment will persist longer than previously expected, the 
Company announced in December 2022 that it will adjust the 
speed of the A320 Family ramp-up to rate 65 for 2023 and 2024, 
maintaining its objective to reach a monthly rate of 75 aircraft 
by the middle of the decade. In February 2023, the Company 
announced it was progressing towards a monthly production 
rate of 65 aircraft by the end of 2024 and 75 in 2026.
In February 2023, the Company announced that, in order to 
meet growing demand for widebody aircraft as international air 
travel recovers, and following a feasibility study with the supply 
chain, it is now targeting a monthly production rate of 9 A350s 
at the end of 2025.
While the Company is engaged in the process of adapting its 
industrial set-up in order to reach its targeted production rates, 
it will continue to monitor the ramp-up across the complete 
value chain for all commercial aircraft programmes and seek 
to adapt to the new complex environment. This encompasses 
the full industrial process, including the supply chain (raw 
material, subcontracted work packages, equipment, etc.) and 
the Company’s resource adaptation (headcount, skills and 
competencies). In this process, the Company focuses attention 
on quality industrial adherence Production Organisation Approval 
(POA). Acquiring the specific skills and competencies that the 
Company needs to support the ramp-up remains a challenging 
task for the human resource and management teams in the 
current aviation hiring environment.
Taking into account the complex environment, the Company 
cannot fully protect itself from production disruptions and delays, 
which may have a negative effect on the financial condition and 
results of operations of the Company.
For more details on specific programme risks, see “– Business-
related risks – Programme-Specific Risks” below.
disruption. Effects of such events may be amplified if they 
happen on single points of failure (SPOFs) for which dedicated 
identification and mitigations are monitored. Any resulting impact 
on the Company’s production, services or information systems 
could have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s 
operations, financial condition and results of operations as well 
as on its reputation and on its products and services.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1514 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 16:
Risk Factors   / 
2 Business-Related Risks
Dependence on Public Spending and on Certain Markets
In any single market, public spending (including defence and 
security spending) depends on a complex mix of geopolitical 
considerations and budgetary priorities, and may therefore be 
subject to significant fluctuations from year to year and country 
to country. Any termination or reduction of future funding or 
cancellations or delays impacting existing contracts may have a 
negative effect on the Company’s financial condition and results 
of operations. In instances where several countries undertake 
to enter together into defence or other procurement contracts, 
economic, political or budgetary constraints in any one of 
these countries may have a negative effect on the ability of the 
Company to enter into or perform such contracts.
The Company has a geographically diverse backlog. Adverse 
economic and political conditions, as well as downturns in 
broad economic trends in certain countries or regions, may 
have a negative effect on the Company’s financial condition and 
results of operations generated not only in those regions but 
may also affect the rest of the world due to complex economic 
interdependencies.
Availability of Government and Other Sources of Financing
In prior years, the Company and its principal competitors 
have each received different types of government financing of 
product research and development. However, no assurances 
can be given that government financing will continue to be 
made available in the future. Moreover, the availability of other 
outside sources of financing will depend on a variety of factors 
such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, 
the Company’s credit ratings, as well as the possibility that 
lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of the 
Company’s long- or short-term financial prospects if it incurred 
large losses or if the level of its business activity decreased due 
to an economic downturn. The Company may, therefore, not 
be able to successfully obtain additional outside financing on 
appropriate terms, or at all, which may limit the Company’s future 
ability to make capital expenditures, fully carry out its research 
and development efforts and fund operations.
Competition and Market Access
The markets in which the Company operates are highly 
competitive. With regard to the Company’s commercial aircraft 
business for aircraft with more than 150 seats, the Company 
today operates in a competitive duopoly. In China, however, an 
indigenous large aircraft (single aisle) received its type certificate 
in September 2022 from the Chinese authorities. The Company 
therefore also faces competition from a third player, in China 
only, as this certification has not yet been recognised by any 
other regulator. The design, development and production of 
commercial aircraft involves high barriers to entry (including 
certification requirements, large investment needs, skilled 
competencies and access to technology and long development 
Technologically Advanced Products and Services
The Company offers its customers products and services that 
are technologically advanced, so the design, manufacturing, 
components and materials utilised can be complex and require 
substantial integration and coordination along the supply chain. 
In addition, most of the Company’s products must function under 
demanding operating conditions. Throughout the lifecycle of 
its products, the Company performs checks and inspections, 
which may result in modifications, retrofits or other corrective 
actions, each of which may have an adverse effect on production, 
operations, in-service performance or financial condition. There 
can be no assurance that the Company’s products or services 
will be successfully developed, manufactured or operated or 
that they will perform as intended.
Certain of the Company’s contracts require it (i) to forfeit part of its 
expected profit, (ii) to receive reduced payments, (iii) to provide a 
replacement launch or other products or services, (iv) to provide 
cancellation rights, or (v) to reduce the price of subsequent sales 
to the same customer if its products fail to be delivered on time 
or to perform adequately. No assurances can be given that 
performance penalties or contract cancellations will not be 
imposed should the Company fail to meet delivery schedules 
or other measures of contract performance, in particular with 
respect to programmes and developments such as the A220, 
ACJ TwentyTwo, A321XLR, A330 LMXT, A350-1000 ULR, A350 
Freighter, A400M, H160 or Ariane 6. See “– Business-related 
risks – Programme-Specific Risks” below.
In addition to the risk of contract cancellations, the Company 
may also incur significant costs or loss of revenues in connection 
with remedial action required to correct any performance issues 
detected in its products or services. Moreover, to the extent that 
a performance issue is considered to have a possible impact 
on safety, regulators could suspend the authorisation for the 
affected product or service.
Any significant problems with the development, manufacturing, 
operation, performance or safety of the Company’s products 
and services could have a significant adverse effect on the 
Company’s financial condition and results of operations as 
well as on the reputation of the Company and its products and 
services.
1716 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 17:
Risk Factors   / 
2 Business-Related Risks
Major Research and Development Programmes
The business environment in many of the Company’s principal 
operating business segments is characterised by extensive 
research and development costs requiring significant up-front 
investments with a high level of complexity. For the year 2022, 
research and development expenses were € 3.1 billion. For the 
year 2021, research and development expenses were € 2.7 billion 
(compared to € 2.9 billion for 2020).
Due to the technologically advanced complex nature of the 
products that the Company produces and the long period, 
including ramp up time, it takes to produce them, the business 
plans underlying such investments often contemplate a long 
payback period before these investments are recouped, and 
assume a certain level of return over the course of this period in 
order to justify the initial investment. There can be no assurance 
that the commercial, technical and market assumptions 
underlying such business plans will be met, and consequently, 
the payback period or returns contemplated therein achieved.
Significant technological, skills and industrial challenges exist 
to achieve the Company’s sustainability ambitions for the future 
generations of aerospace. These ambitions require cross industry 
and cross government collaboration to address the technological 
risks that need to be overcome. See “– Environment, Human 
Rights, Health & Safety Risks – Climate-Related Risks” below.
Successful development of new programmes also depends on 
the Company’s ability to attract and retain engineers and other 
professionals with the technical skills and experience required 
to meet its specific needs. Demand for such engineers may 
often exceed supply depending on the market, resulting in 
intense competition for qualified professionals. The Company’s 
attrition rate in 2022 was 5.0% overall (including subsidiaries) 
(compared to 7.4% overall in 2021). There can be no assurance 
that the Company will attract and retain the personnel it requires 
to conduct its operations successfully and in particular to attract 
and retain engineers and other professionals with the technical 
skills and experience required for its research and development 
programmes. Failure to attract and retain such personnel or 
an increase in the Company’s employee turnover rate could 
negatively affect the Company’s financial condition and results 
of operations more generally and particularly its ability to 
successfully execute its research and development programmes.
There is a risk of additional repercussions from COVID-19’s 
impact on skills and expertise. Significant effort has been 
made to maintain key resources and cope with the increased 
departure of skilled staff with improved knowledge management 
and knowledge transfer schemes across the Company.
The COVID-19 crisis has impacted key company technological 
developments and competencies, but despite this, the Company 
continues seeking to further its development in sustainable 
technologies. This commitment directs a significant proportion 
of the longer term technology research efforts for future products 
and services and is based on solving complex problems 
backed by exploring multiple technology pathways. Retaining 
this ambitious programme is achieved with national research 
funding through frameworks such as CORAC, LUFO, ATI, CDTI 
and Horizon Europe where the frameworks enable the Company 
and the wider aviation ecosystem to mature and develop the 
required key competencies and technologies.
No assurances can be given that the Company will achieve 
the anticipated level of returns from these programmes and 
other development projects, which may negatively affect the 
Company’s financial condition and results of operations and 
competitiveness.
cycles). Although the two main market participants for aircraft 
with more than 150 seats have secured significant order 
backlogs, the competition could grow its market presence or 
launch new products or services that could have a negative 
impact on the Company’s revenues, future financial condition 
and results of operations.
New players are operating or seeking to operate in the 
Company’s existing markets, which may impact the structure 
and profitability of these markets. In addition, enterprises with 
different business models and alternative technologies could 
substitute the Company’s services and some of its products or 
component parts thereof. In some areas, competitors may have 
more extensive or more specialised engineering, manufacturing, 
support and marketing capabilities. There can be no assurance 
that the Company will be able to continue to operate in the long 
term as the market leader or compete successfully against these 
future competitors or that the competitive pressures it faces in all 
business areas will not result in reduced revenues, market share 
or profit. See “– Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety 
Risks – Climate-Related Risks” below. In addition, competitors 
may develop the capability to manufacture products or provide 
services similar to those of the Company. This would result in 
these companies marketing their own products or services and 
competing directly with the Company for sales of these products 
or services, all of which could significantly reduce the Company’s 
revenues.
In addition, the contracts for many aerospace and defence 
products are awarded, implicitly or explicitly, on the basis of home 
country preference or geopolitical considerations. Although the 
Company is a multinational company which helps to broaden its 
domestic market, it may remain at a competitive disadvantage 
in certain countries, especially outside of Europe, relative to 
local contractors for certain products. The strategic importance 
and political sensitivity attached to the aerospace and defence 
industries means that political considerations will play a role in the 
choice of many products and services for the foreseeable future.
The contracts for many aerospace and defence products and 
services are from time to time associated with offset obligations. 
The Company may face difficulties to meet those obligations, 
to leverage the assets of the country and at the same time to 
optimise its industrial base and supply chain.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1716 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 18:
Risk Factors   / 
2 Business-Related Risks
Public-Private Partnerships and Private Finance Initiatives
Governmental customers may request proposals and grant 
contracts under schemes known as public-private partnerships 
(“PPPs”). PPPs differ substantially from traditional defence 
equipment sales, as they often incorporate elements such as:
 – the provision of extensive operational services over the life 
of the equipment;
 – continued ownership and financing of the equipment by a party 
other than the customer, such as the equipment provider;
 – mandatory compliance with specific customer requirements 
pertaining to public accounting or government procurement 
regulations; and
 – provisions allowing for the service provider to seek additional 
customers for unused capacity.
The Company is party to PPP and private finance initiatives 
(“PFI”) contracts, for example the two UK Ministry of Defence 
projects, Skynet 5 and related telecommunications services, and 
the AirTanker (“FSTA”). One of the complexities presented by 
PFIs lies in the allocation of risks and the timing thereof among 
different parties over the life-time of the project.
There can be no assurance of the extent to which the Company 
will efficiently and effectively (i) compete for future PFI or PPP 
programmes, (ii) administer the services contemplated under 
the contracts, (iii) finance the acquisition of the equipment and 
the ongoing provision of services related thereto, or (iv) access 
the markets for the commercialisation of excess capacity. The 
Company may also encounter unexpected political, budgetary, 
regulatory or competitive risks over the long duration of PPP 
and PFI programmes.
Programme-Specific Risks
In addition to the risk factors mentioned above, the Company 
also faces the following programme-specific risks that could 
have a material impact on the Company’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition.
The Company faces the following main challenges on its 
commercial programmes:
 – adapt to rate and stabilise operational performance post-
COVID-19 while maintaining high safety and quality standards;
 – monitor and support the supply chain with a specific focus on 
engine manufacturers, especially in terms of availability and 
maturity of both production and in-service engines;
 – accompany customers and facilitate deliveries to customers 
including by remote delivery process;
 – ensure a strong customer focus to support return to operations; 
and
 – protect priority projects and deliver developments as per 
revised plan in an environment of increased certification 
scrutiny and greater complexity, including A321XLR, A220, 
ACJ TwentyTwo, A350 Freighter, A350-1000 ULR, A330 LMXT 
(KC-Y) and Digital (DDMS and Skywise).
A320 Family programme. In response to the COVID-19 market 
environment, the commercial aircraft production rate for the 
A320 Family was reduced to 40 per month in June 2020. In 2021 
and 2022, the Company announced demand for the A320 Family 
leading to a gradual increase in production for the upcoming 
years. The Company proactively and constantly monitors the 
backlog, the internal and external supply chain, including 
engines, so as to ensure readiness for further rate adaptations 
in accordance with traffic evolution, to minimise inventory levels, 
and secure aircraft storage capacity. In connection with the A320 
Family programme, the Company faces the following challenges: 
ensure the A321XLR on-track development including A321XLR 
certification topics with primary airworthiness authorities, adapt 
and upgrade our industrial system and capability to meet the 
growing market demands and corresponding product mix within 
the family. Market demand for A320 Family aircraft, production 
and supply chain capabilities will evolve in the next few years 
and the Company will closely monitor these evolutions including 
a projected significant increase in A321 production. Attention 
will remain high on the overall supply chain including engines’ 
ramp up availability and engine maturity in-service.
Acquisitions, Divestments, Joint Ventures and Strategic Alliances
As part of its business strategy, the Company may acquire 
or divest businesses and/or form joint ventures or strategic 
alliances. Executing acquisitions and divestments can be difficult 
and costly due to the complexities inherent in integrating or 
carving out people, operations, technologies and products. 
There can be no assurance that any of the businesses that 
the Company intends to acquire or divest can be integrated or 
carved out successfully, as timely as originally planned or that 
they will perform well and deliver the expected synergies or cost 
savings once integrated or separated. In addition, regulatory, 
administrative, opposition by stakeholders or social partners 
or other contractual conditions can prevent transactions from 
being finalised. Each acquisition, divestment, joint venture and 
strategic alliance is very specific in its nature, purpose, risk and 
opportunities. The Company identifies risks through a detailed 
and systematic due diligence process and addresses the risks 
identified through price mitigation and/or appropriate contractual 
coverage, such as indemnification mechanisms, both being the 
tailored-made results of complex negotiations with the sellers/
buyers and/or partners. The Company’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition may be materially affected if 
these transactions will not be successfully completed or do not 
produce the expected benefits.
1918 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 19:
Risk Factors   / 
2 Business-Related Risks
A400M programme.  After the Company signed a contract 
amendment to restructure the contract, risks remain on 
development of technical capabilities (development effort as 
well as possible commercial agreement associated costs in 
order to reach Type Acceptance) and the associated costs, on 
aircraft operational reliability, on cost reductions and on securing 
sufficient export orders in time as per the revised baseline.
For further information, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 13: Revenue and 
Gross Margin”.
A350 programme.  In connection with the A350 programme, 
the Company faces the following main challenges: secure 
revised delivery targets and further rate adaptation depending 
on traffic evolution, monitor and support the supply chain 
including lead-time items from corresponding suppliers, reduce 
recurring costs to improve competitiveness within a widebody 
market that starts to recover, and deliver on major programme 
developments (A350 Freighter development, A350-1000 Ultra 
Long Range certification baseline, A350 new paint scheme). 
Attention will remain high towards the engine manufacturer’s 
capacity to deliver on engines’ maturity and competitiveness 
topics.
A330 programme.  In response to the new COVID-19 market 
environment, the commercial aircraft production rate for the 
A330 programme was adapted to two per month in June 2020. 
Then, following new orders, the decision was taken in Q3 2021 
to increase the production rate to almost three, which was done 
at the end of 2022. In February 2023, the Company announced 
it now targets to reach rate 4 in 2024. Decisions on further rate 
adaptation will depend on traffic evolution. In connection with 
the A330 programme, the main challenges the Company faces 
are to secure product competitiveness in the widebody market 
segment, and to monitor and support the supply chain. The 
developments were delivered on track in recent years. Attention 
will remain high towards the engine manufacturer’s capacity to 
deliver on engines’ maturity and competitiveness topics.
A220 programme.  In connection with the A220 programme, 
the main challenges the Company faces are to secure the A220 
cost reduction trajectory with a strong focus on its Design to 
Cost roadmap and recurring cost reduction, and to ensure an 
A220 book to bill ratio above one to fill current open slots. As 
a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the commercial 
aircraft production rates were adapted to rate five per month 
(in Mirabel and in Mobile) in 2020-2021 and have been around 
rate six since early 2022 with a monthly production target of rate 
14 targeted for the middle of the decade. Attention will remain 
high on the overall supply chain including engine maturity and 
availability in service.
A380 programme. In connection with the A380 programme, the 
Company faces the following main challenges: secure ageing 
fleet in-service support for the next decades and long-term 
competitiveness.
H175 programme. Positive market trend leading to a production 
ramp up challenge.
NH90 programme. Risk of termination of Norway’s contract for 
14 NH90 helicopters (13 of which have already been delivered) 
following receipt of notice of termination dated 9 June 2022. 
Parties are engaged in discussions with a view to resolve the 
matter. 
For further information, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 13: Revenue and 
Gross Margin”.
H160 programme. The main challenge for the H160 programme 
is the industrial ramp-up phase.
Border security.  In connection with border security projects, 
the Company faces the following main challenges: meeting the 
schedule and cost objectives taking into account the complexity 
of the local infrastructures to be delivered and the integration of 
commercial-off-the-shelf products (radars, cameras and other 
sensors) interfaced into complex system networks; assuring 
efficient project and staffing; managing the rollout including 
subcontractors and customers. Negotiations on change 
requests in this respect along with schedule re-alignments 
remain ongoing. The Company continues to engage with its 
customer to agree a way forward on this contract. The outcome 
of these negotiations is presently unclear but could result in 
significant further financial impacts.
Launchers.  Following the failed first commercial flight of the 
Vega C launcher on 20 December 2022 and in light of the few 
years delay in the launch of Ariane 5’s successor, Ariane 6, 
with its maiden flight scheduled at the time of publication of this 
report to take place by the end of 2023, the Company faces 
a challenge related to Europe’s lack of independent access to 
space in the short term.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1918 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 20:
Risk Factors   / 
3 Legal Risks
Anti-Corruption Laws and Regulations
The Company is required to comply with applicable anti-bribery 
laws and regulations in jurisdictions around the world where it 
does business. To that end, an anti-corruption programme has 
been put in place that seeks to ensure adequate identification, 
assessment, monitoring and mitigation of corruption risks. 
Despite these efforts, ethical misconduct or non-compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations by the Company, its employees 
or any third party acting on its behalf could expose it to liability 
or have a negative impact on its business.
The Company may be subject to administrative, civil or criminal 
liabilities including significant fines and penalties, as well as 
suspension or debarment from government or non-government 
contracts for some period of time. The Company may also 
be required to modify its business practices and compliance 
programme and/or have a compliance monitor imposed on it. 
Any one or more of the foregoing could have a significant adverse 
effect on the Company’s reputation and its business, results of 
operations and financial condition.
In 2016, for example, the Company announced that it had 
discovered misstatements and omissions in certain applications 
for export credit financing for the Company’s customers, and 
had engaged legal, investigative and forensic accounting 
experts to conduct a review. Separately, the UK SFO announced 
that it had opened a criminal investigation into allegations of 
fraud, bribery and corruption in the civil aviation business of 
the Company, relating to irregularities concerning third party 
consultants. The Company was subsequently informed that 
the French authorities, the PNF, had also opened a preliminary 
investigation into the same subject and that the two authorities 
would act in coordination going forward. The Company engaged 
with the government of the US (DoS and DoJ) relating to conduct 
forming part of the SFO/PNF investigation that could fall within 
US jurisdiction. The Company also engaged with the government 
of the US concerning breaches of the International Traffic in 
Arms Regulations (“ITAR”). On 31 January 2020, the French and 
UK courts and US court and regulator approved an agreement 
reached by the Company with the authorities. Any breach of 
the terms of the agreements by the Company could lead to 
rescission by the authorities of the terms of the agreements 
and reopening of the prosecutions. Prosecution could result in 
the imposition of further monetary penalties or other sanctions 
including additional tax liability and could have a material impact 
on the Financial Statements, business and operations of the 
Company. The agreements reached with authorities may lead 
to additional commercial litigation and arbitration against the 
Company and tax liability in the future, which could have a 
material impact on the Financial Statements, business and 
operations of the Company. For futher information, see “– 1.1.7 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings (Investigation by the UK SFO, 
France’s PNF, US Departments of State and Justice and Related 
Commercial Litigation)”.
3. Legal Risks
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
The Company is currently engaged in a number of active legal 
and regulatory proceedings. For further information, please 
refer to “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – 
Note 39: Litigation and Claims”.
For the investigation by the UK Serious Fraud Office (“ SFO”), 
France’s Parquet National Financier (“ PNF”), and the US 
Departments of State (“ DoS”) and Justice (“ DoJ”), which is 
described in “Anti-Corruption Laws and Regulations”, the 
Company has reached an agreement with the authorities, which 
was approved by the French and UK courts and US court and 
regulator on 31 January 2020. The agreement resulted in a 
fine totalling € 3.6 billion plus costs to the French, UK, and US 
authorities. The three-year deferral period expired on 30 January 
2023, after which time the charges would be dismissed, absent 
extension by the authorities or agreement among the parties. 
The Company awaits the formal determination by the authorities 
that it has complied with the agreements’ terms throughout the 
period and to close the prosecutions in line with the procedural 
requirements of each country. On 13 February 2023, the SFO 
gave notice to the Company discontinuing the prosecution. On 
17 March 2023, the PNF gave notice of the same with receipt 
of the Constat de l’extinction de l ’action publique.  For further 
information about the investigation and related securities 
litigation, see immediately below and “– 1.1.7 Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings”.
The Company expects to continue to spend time and incur 
expenses associated with its defence of legal and regulatory 
proceedings, regardless of the outcome, and this may divert 
the efforts and attention of management from normal business 
operations. Although the Company is unable to predict the 
outcome of these proceedings, it is possible that they will result in 
the imposition of damages, fines or other remedies, which could 
have a material effect on the Company’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. An unfavourable ruling could 
also negatively impact the Company’s stock price and reputation.
In addition, the Company is from time to time subject to 
government inquiries and investigations of its business and 
competitive environment due, among other things, to the 
heavily regulated nature of its industry. Such inquiries and 
investigations may cover matters relating to, among other 
matters, anti-bribery laws and regulations, export control laws 
and regulations, securities law, trade law and competition law. An 
adverse decision in any such matter could have a material effect 
on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. In addition to the risk of an unfavourable ruling against 
the Company, any such inquiry or investigation could negatively 
affect the Company’s reputation and its ability to attract and retain 
customers and investors, which could have a negative effect 
on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
See “– Information on the Company’s Activities – Non-Financial 
Information – 1.2.14 Exemplify business integrity”.
2120 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 21:
Risk Factors   / 
3 Legal Risks
Dependence on Joint Ventures and Minority Holdings
The Company generates a proportion of its results through various 
consortia, joint ventures and equity holdings. The Company 
recognises its share in the results of its equity holdings in the 
proportion of the stake held. In 2022, the Company’s total share 
of result from these arrangements amounted to € 134 million 
(compared to € 40 million in 2021 and € 39 million in 2020). The 
Company’s individually material joint ventures are ArianeGroup 
(50%), MBDA (37.5%) and ATR GIE (50%). For further information, 
please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 10: Investments Accounted for under the 
Equity Method” and “– Note 16: Share of Profit from Investments 
Accounted for under the Equity Method and Other Income from 
Investments”.
The formation of partnerships and alliances with other market 
players is an integral strategy of the Company, and the proportion 
of sales generated from consortia, joint ventures and equity 
holdings may rise in future years. This strategy may from 
time to time lead to changes in the organisational structure, 
or realignment in the control, of the Company’s existing joint 
ventures.
The Company exercises varying and evolving degrees of control 
in the consortia, joint ventures and equity holdings in which 
it participates. While the Company seeks to participate only 
in ventures in which its interests are aligned with those of its 
partners, the risk of disagreement or deadlock is inherent in a 
jointly controlled entity, particularly in those entities that require 
the unanimous consent of all members with regard to major 
decisions and specify limited exit rights. The other parties in 
these entities may also be competitors of the Company, and 
thus may have interests that differ from those of the Company.
Product Liability and Warranty Claims
The Company designs, develops and produces a number of 
high profile products of large individual value, particularly civil 
and military aircraft and space equipment. The Company is 
subject to the risk of product liability and warranty claims in 
the event that any of its products fails to perform as designed. 
While the Company believes that its insurance programmes 
are adequate to protect it from such liabilities, no assurances 
can be given that claims will not arise in the future or that such 
insurance coverage will be adequate. Some types of claimed 
damages, such as punitive, exemplary or moral damages may 
not be insured or insurable.
The Company follows a policy of seeking to transfer the insurable 
risk of the Company to external insurance markets at reasonable 
rates, on customised and sufficient terms and limits as provided 
by the international insurance markets. The insurance industry 
remains unpredictable. There may be future demands to change 
scope of coverage, premiums and deductible amounts. No 
assurances can be given that the Company will be able to 
maintain its current levels of coverage nor that the insurance 
coverages in place are adequate to cover all significant risk 
exposure of the Company.
Export Controls Laws and Regulations
The export market is a significant market for the Company. 
In addition, many of the products the Company designs and 
manufactures for military use are considered to be of national 
strategic interest. Consequently, the export of such products 
outside of the jurisdictions in which they are produced may be 
restricted or subject to licensing and export control requirements, 
notably by the UK, France, Germany and Spain, where the 
Company carries out its principal activities relating to military 
products and services as well as by other countries where 
suppliers are based, including but not exclusively the US. There 
can be no assurance (i) that the export controls to which the 
Company is subject will not become more restrictive, (ii) that new 
generations of the Company’s products will not also be subject to 
similar or more stringent controls or (iii) that geopolitical factors or 
changing international circumstances will not make it impossible 
to obtain export licences for one or more clients or constrain the 
Company’s ability to perform under previously signed contracts. 
Reduced access to military export markets may have a significant 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition.
Operating worldwide, the Company must comply with several, 
sometimes competing sets of sanctions laws and regulations 
implemented by transnational / national / regional authorities. 
Depending on geopolitical considerations including national 
security interests and foreign policy, new sanctions regimes may 
be set up or the scope of existing ones may be widened, at any 
time, immediately impacting the Company’s activities. This has 
been well illustrated in the current Ukrainian crisis. The imposition 
of international Export Control restrictions targeting the aviation 
and space sectors have resulted in Airbus suspending deliveries, 
the provisions of services and the supply of spare parts to 
customers in Russia. The Company continues to monitor the 
evolution of the export control restrictions and broader sanctions 
and will adapt to the changing environment.
The Company seeks to comply with all such laws and regulations. 
However, even unintentional violations or a failure to comply 
could result in suspension of the Company’s export privileges, 
or preclude the Company from bidding on certain government 
contracts (even in the absence of a formal suspension or 
debarment).
Furthermore, the Company’s ability to market new products and 
enter new markets may be dependent on obtaining government 
certifications and approvals in a timely manner.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2120 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 22:
Risk Factors   / 
3 Legal Risks
Any problems in this respect may also have a significant adverse 
effect on the reputation of the Company and lead to a decline 
in demand for its products and services. Any reputational 
damage faced by the Company may be exacerbated due to 
the Company’s visibility.
The Company cannot predict at this time the impact on it as 
a result of any product liability or warranty claims as such will 
depend on the nature and size of any such claim.
Intellectual Property
The Company continuously seeks to develop and deliver 
new products to meet customers’ evolving needs, while also 
improving its existing product lines. Technological innovation 
has been at the core of the Company’s strategy since its 
creation. The Company’s innovations often provide distinct 
competitive advantages, with many becoming standard in the 
aircraft industry. In addition, the Company designs, develops and 
produces a number of high profile products of large individual 
value, particularly civil and military aircraft and space equipment. 
Therefore, intellectual property (“ IP”) is one of the Company’s 
most valuable assets and the protection of IP is critical to its 
business.
The Company relies upon patents, copyright, trademark, 
confidentiality and trade secret laws, and agreements with its 
employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish 
and maintain its IP rights in its products and services and in its 
operations. In a typical year, the Company files around 800 new 
priority-establishing patent applications and files globally around 
1,600 national patent applications in global markets where it 
seeks to protect its technology assets. The Company has granted 
patents for around 10,500 individual technologies with nearly 
4,000 patents pending. This level of protection is benchmarked 
against peer and competitor companies and is considered 
sufficient to protect core, proprietary differentiating technology 
which is developed by the Company. Despite these efforts to 
protect its IP rights, any of the Company’s direct or indirect IP 
rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Further, 
the laws of certain countries do not protect the Company’s 
proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws in Europe and 
the US. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions the Company may be 
unable to protect its proprietary technology adequately against 
unauthorised third-party copying or use, which could adversely 
affect its competitive position. The Company may also face lack 
of certainty with respect to IP rights for existing or new research 
and development programmes and established or potential 
partnerships with private or public organisations, academic 
institutions and research councils, charities and government 
departments, where the relevant IP frameworks or user-rights/
ownership governing those relationships is dependent on the 
UK’s former status as a member state of the European Union.
In the event the Company is unable to adequately procure and 
protect critical IP it could potentially not implement its business 
strategy.
The Company has been accused of infringement on occasion 
and could have additional claims asserted against it in the future. 
These claims could harm its reputation, result in financial penalties 
or prevent it from offering certain products or services which may 
be subject to such third-party IP rights. Any claims or litigation in 
this area, whether the Company ultimately wins or loses, could 
be time-consuming and costly, harm the Company’s reputation 
or require it to enter into licensing arrangements. The Company 
might not be able to enter into these licensing arrangements 
on acceptable terms. If a claim of infringement were successful 
against it, an injunction might be ordered against the Company, 
causing further losses. There are currently no significant claims of 
IP infringement pending against the Company. Minor claims and 
pre-dispute matters commonly settle either without the issuance 
of formal legal proceedings or during initial proceedings.
2322 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 23:
Risk Factors   / 
4 Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks
4. Environment, Human Rights, 
Health & Safety Risks
Climate-Related Risks
In accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (“ TCFD”) recommendations, the Company is 
strengthening its enterprise risk management (“ ERM”) risk 
identification process for climate-related risks and opportunities, 
incorporating climate scenario analysis. The Company 
categorises its climate-related risks and opportunities according 
to the TCFD classification (e.g. physical, transitional and the 
corresponding subcategories). The scope of analysis is the 
Company – including its Divisions – and includes the upstream 
and downstream value chain. The ERM system aims for early 
identification of short-term (“ ST”, around 2025), medium-term 
(“MT”, around 2035) and long-term (“LT”, around 2050) climate-
related risks and opportunities.
To identify the climate-related risks and opportunities, the 
Company used three temperature climate scenarios (1.5°C, 
2°C and 3°C), five driving forces (e.g. environment, technology, 
social, political and economic) and three time horizons. Based 
on a qualitative analysis, the Company estimated the probability 
of risk or opportunity materialisation; the results are displayed 
in tables next to the corresponding risk. The assessment of 
risks and opportunities identified by the Company is subject 
to revision, as the methodology and process further mature.
1.5°C
Aggressive mitigation - Limiting warming to 1.5°C
This is an ambitious scenario that limits global warming to 1.5 °C by the end of the century (50% chance) through stringent climate 
policies, laws and high levels of innovation reaching net-zero CO 2 emissions around 2050 with some countries (e.g. , EU) reaching 
net-zero GHG by this point. In this scenario it is assumed that policies to decarbonise are introduced immediately (2020s). Such 
policies and laws could diverge across sectors, regions and pace or could be introduced smoothly and harmoniously. Progress 
towards sustainable development goals is fast. 
Mitigation strategies implemented worldwide and across sectors include: (i) transitioning from fossil-based energy to very low or 
zero-carbon energy sources (renewable energy). Carbon Capture and Storage (“CCS”) is used in targeted remaining fossil-based 
facilities; (ii) improving energy efficiency; (iii) deploying both nature and technology based Carbon Dioxide Removals (“CDR”) to 
neutralise residual GHG emissions; and (iv) implementation of measures that could restrict demand.
CDR is used to accelerate decarbonisation but kept to the minimum possible (residual emissions) and broadly in line with 
sustainable levels of renewable energy production. Technologies could reduce the emissions of the transport sector in developed 
countries and limit emissions growth in developing countries. Demand-focused policies could reduce demand for transport 
services and support the shift to more energy efficient and low carbon intensive products and transport modes. While efficiency 
improvements can provide some mitigation potential, additional mitigation technologies for aviation are required. Renewable and 
low-carbon fuels, such as hydrogen, high density biofuels and synthetic fuels can provide a viable substitute for aviation when 
electrification is not possible, and contribute to renewable energy storage. 
Generally, physical risks are relatively low but transition risks are high.
2°C
Strong mitigation – Warming limited to 2°C
This scenario assumes a more gradual approach in the introduction of climate mitigation actions limiting global warming to 2°C 
by the end of the century (~65% chance). Net-zero emissions are achieved after 2070. In this scenario, countries‘ ambitions of 
emissions reductions are different around the world and consequently, climate policies and laws are divergently introduced. 
Progress towards achieving sustainable development goals is slow. Development and growth proceed unevenly depending on 
the country and region. The environment experiences degradation despite measures that are less resource- and energy-intensive.
Mitigation strategies implemented worldwide and across sectors include: (i) transitioning from fossil fuels to low carbon and 
renewable energy sources, CCS is used for fossil-based facilities; (ii) the deployment of CDR is slow and mostly focused in nature 
based solutions; (iii) improving energy efficiency and; (iv) implementation of demand measures. 
Complementary investment will be needed in new grid management and storage solutions to ensure continued reliability. Carbon-
neutral fuels like (renewable) hydrogen, biofuels and synthetic fuels can provide a viable substitute when electrification is not 
possible.
Generally, physical risks are higher than in 1.5 °C and transition risks are lower compared to a 1.5 °C scenario.
3°C
Disorderly mitigation – Warming exceeding 3°C
The world’s nations have failed to control climate change. Global agreements to limit GHG emissions have not been successful 
and global warming is over 3°C. This scenario results from “business as usual” behaviour. 
Unilateral decisions from some countries to protect their own population or resources have resulted in conflicts, creating 
humanitarian crises and mass movement of populations. In this scenario, GHG emissions have resulted in a complete change of 
the global climate, to an extent that is near impossible to predict today. Tipping points have been passed and triggered irreversible 
changes to the global ecosystem. Degraded environmental conditions have rendered the dryer areas of the world inhabitable, 
inducing further climate related migrations. In these conditions, the population has regrouped in giant urban areas and the global 
growth has stopped. Access to food, water and medicine is difficult for the majority, leading to significantly degraded living 
conditions and life expectancy.
Generally, transition risks are lower than physical risks.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2322 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 24:
Risk Factors   / 
4 Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks
Climate-related risks:
Technology. Transition – Technology
The Company has identified the risk of a reduction in the 
Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
if a competitor brings a lower emission product to the market 
before it does. Delivering on commitments and potential future 
requirements to mitigate climate impacts will require significant 
technological developments for the commercial aircraft sector 
as well as appropriate infrastructure developments and other 
ecosystem adaptations. In the event that a competitor or new 
market participant has access to technological developments 
unavailable to the Company and is able to place on the market a 
large passenger aircraft with significantly lower emissions before 
the Company, climate mitigation requirements may push the 
market towards competing products until the Company and 
its partners can develop a competing alternative, which could 
lead to a temporary loss of market share and competitiveness 
as well as reduced revenue. This risk may trigger the need for 
the Company to develop new technologies faster in order to 
be able to market competitive products, leading to substantial 
research & technology (“R&T”) and research & development 
(“R&D”) expenses.
Energy Ecosystem Readiness.  Transition – Market
The Company has identified the risk of low volumes of renewable 
electricity and of available sustainable biomass and the risk of 
them not being directed for the use of industries and/or aviation. 
This could result in insufficient quantities of sustainable aviation 
fuels (“SAF”), hydrogen, and energy for manufacturing activities, 
thereby limiting the Company’s decarbonisation levers to align 
with the Paris Agreement temperature targets and increasing 
costs and operational restrictions. This could result in reduced 
attractiveness of current and new products leading to lower or 
longer returns on invested R&D. This market risk may trigger 
the need for the Company to deploy a dedicated ecosystem 
engagement plan (see “– Information on the Company’s Activities 
– Non-Financial Information – 1.2.2 Climate change”), leading to 
material operating expenses and/or related investments.
Change in climate, weather, environmental conditions, water 
availability and sea level rise. Physical – Chronic
The foreseen consequences of climate change include harsher 
average weather conditions, increased temperatures and a 
rise in sea level. The change in environmental conditions 
and available resources for manufacturing activities could 
produce an accelerated degradation of the Company’s 
industrial infrastructure and assets (buildings, tools, hardware), 
and disruption of its supply chain therefore impacting the 
Company’s manufacturing activities. In addition, the change 
in environmental conditions could also negatively impact the 
performance of products in operation and negatively impact the 
health and safety of the Company’s employees. Longer-term 
shifts in climate patterns may result in temporary production 
disruption leading to loss in revenues and subsequently profit 
margins. Additionally, shifts in climate patterns could trigger the 
need for additional modifications to the Company’s products 
as well as to industrial operations and procurement strategy, 
leading to increased costs and the adaptation of the Company’s 
insurance policy.
Change in climate, weather, environmental conditions and 
water availability.  Physical – Acute
The foreseen consequences of climate change include more 
frequent extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, hail 
storms, heat waves, droughts or extreme cold spells. These 
could negatively impact the Company’s products and operations, 
including but not limited to changes to aircraft operation safety 
standards, destruction and/or damage of exposed industrial 
infrastructure and increased risk to people’s safety. The above 
may result in temporary production disruptions leading to loss 
in revenues and subsequently profit margins. Additionally, it 
could trigger the need for additional modifications to the aircraft 
in order to meet more stringent safety standards, as well as 
to industrial operations and procurement strategy, leading to 
increased costs and the adaptation of the Company’s insurance 
policy.
Company’s climate-related risks mapping
Climate scenario / time horizon(s)  
where risk or opportunity likelihood is considered medium 
or high, based on Company’s qualitative analysis
RISKS (see “– Risk Factors” for full description) 1.5°C 2°C 3°C
Transition – Technology       
Transition – Market       
Physical – Chronic       
Physical – Acute       
  : ST  –    : MT  –    : LT
2524 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 25:
Risk Factors   / 
4 Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks
The Company identified the following complementary climate-related risks presented below as per TCFD categories:
Market:  Changes in societal expectations and growing 
concerns about climate change may impact market demand 
for air transport. In particular, a change in certain passengers’ 
behaviour or their transition to other transport modes could 
decrease the demand for the Company’s current and future 
generation of products, causing a loss of revenues.
The development of future products based on the ZEROe 
concepts will require significant investments in both products 
and supporting infrastructure, which could directly impact the 
operating costs of such a product.
The competitiveness of this next generation product will also 
strongly depend, among other factors, on the evolution of 
the price of carbon dioxide emissions. It is, therefore, crucial 
for the Company to account at each step of development for 
market expectations, while staying affordable for its customers 
and competitive with regards to competitors’ portfolios. The 
failure to do so could result in the Company losing market 
share to competitors, as well as affecting the Company’s 
return on investment with regards to future commercial aircraft 
products.
Policy and Legal: Aviation and aerospace are complex industries, 
with long product development cycles and where change takes 
a long time to be implemented. A rapid evolution of climate-
related policies (such as the EU zero-pollution communications) 
and regulatory frameworks (CO2 standards, sustainable finance, 
emissions trading systems, aircraft operation restrictions, among 
others) could generate fast-changing requirements and could 
obstruct new product development pathways.
In particular for aviation, as this is a global industry, policies and 
regulations implemented at regional rather than international 
level, or these evolving at a different speed depending on the 
region, could result in a negative impact on the competitive 
conditions for manufacturers and aircraft operators. This could 
result in a loss of competitiveness for the Company.
Reputation:  Reputational risks could be divided into several 
categories. Firstly, there is a risk that negative perceptions about 
the Company’s environmental performance are used as key 
decision-making criteria for consumers, investors, or even new 
talents. Secondly, there is a risk that the Company’s reputation is 
damaged by growing societal concerns about the climate change 
impact of aviation or by the lack of transparency on progress 
made to address climate-related issues. As an example, the 
Company was the first manufacturer to disclose its ambition to 
bring a hydrogen-powered aircraft to the market. If the ambition is 
perceived as unattainable or if the Company is not able to deliver 
on its ambition this could result in reputational damage leading 
to less investment, loss of revenues and reduced attractiveness. 
A similar situation could occur if the Company’s environmental 
performance is not on par with its expressed ambition.
The outcome of the Company’s qualitative analysis is synthesised in the following table: Mitigation actions the Company has 
engaged, including to address these risks are presented in the section “1.2.2 – Climate change / IV. Transition plan”.
Company’s climate-related risks and opportunities mapping
Climate scenario / time horizon(s)  
where risk or opportunity likelihood is considered medium 
or high, based on Company’s qualitative analysis
RISKS (see “– Risk Factors” for full description) 1.5°C 2°C 3°C
Transition – Technology       
Transition – Market       
Physical – Chronic       
Physical – Acute       
OPPORTUNITIES
Energy source       
Market       
Products and services       
  : ST  –    : MT  –    : LT
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2524 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 26:
Risk Factors   / 
4 Environment, Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks
Regulated Chemicals
Regulatory Risks
Evolution of the chemicals’ regulatory framework may lead to 
short- and long-term potential bans and restrictions, and result 
in business disruption across the Company’s value chain.
With the aim of protecting human health and the environment, 
regulators at national and international level have developed a 
stringent set of legal requirements that are continuously evolving 
to regulate, minimise the use of and eliminate various substances.
Due to the above-mentioned regulatory requirements, the 
Company has identified the risk of chemicals obsolescence 
that may lead to supply disruption.
In order to reduce the use of targeted substances and mitigate 
the risk of disruption in its operations and supply chain, the 
Company’s policy is the development of alternative technologies 
that use substances of less concern and substitution of these 
when suitable alternatives meeting stringent certification and 
airworthiness criteria are available for deployment.
Complementary to substitution, digital solutions are being 
developed to improve traceability of regulated substances in 
our products from the early design steps down to the end of life.
The Company’s expenditure associated with environmental, 
human rights, health and safety challenges may increase due 
to both increased costs of compliance with regulations in those 
areas as well as reputational and litigation risks.
Given the scope of its activities and the industries in which it 
operates, the Company is subject to stringent environmental, 
human rights, health and safety laws and regulations in 
numerous jurisdictions around the world. The Company 
therefore incurs, and expects to continue to incur, significant 
capital expenditure and other operating costs to comply 
with increasingly complex laws and regulations covering the 
protection of the natural environment, as well as occupational 
health and safety and human rights. Moreover, new laws and 
regulations, the imposition of tougher licence requirements, 
increasingly strict enforcement or new interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, may cause the Company to also incur 
increased capital expenditure and operating costs in the future, 
which could have a negative effect on the Company’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.
Health and safety expenditures include investments in the 
identification and the prevention, elimination or control of 
physical and psychological risks to people arising from work, 
including chemical, mechanical and physical agents in light 
of applicable regulations. Risks that could arise from work 
activities include the possibility of injury, physical and mental 
ill-health, damage to equipment, business interruption and 
regulatory action. Any reputational risk and claims against the 
Company that may result will also need to be managed and 
may lead to additional health and safety expenditure being 
required. The Company maintained its COVID-19 surveillance 
and appropriate risk management measures in the workplace. 
Environmental protection expenditures include costs to prevent, 
control, eliminate or reduce emissions to the environment, 
waste management, the content of the Company’s products, 
and reporting and warning obligations. Current trends indicate 
that regulatory pressure on the international scene to reduce the 
environmental footprint of industry is steadily growing (circular 
economy and resources efficiency, energy transition and climate 
change engagement, air and water quality improvement).
If the Company fails to comply with environmental, human 
rights, health and safety laws and regulations, even if caused by 
factors beyond its control, that failure may result in the levying 
of civil or criminal penalties and fines against it. Regulatory 
authorities may require the Company to conduct investigations 
and undertake remedial activities, curtail operations or close 
installations or facilities temporarily to prevent imminent risks. 
In the event of an industrial accident or other serious incident, 
employees, customers and other third parties may file claims 
for ill-health, personal injury, or damage to property or the 
environment (including natural resources). Further, liability under 
some environmental, human rights, health and safety laws can 
be imposed retrospectively, on a joint and several basis, and 
in relation to contaminated sites, without any finding of non-
compliance or fault. These potential liabilities may not always 
be covered by insurance, or may be only partially covered. 
The obligation to compensate for such damages could have 
a negative effect on the Company’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition.
In addition, the various products manufactured and sold by 
the Company must comply with relevant health, safety and 
environmental laws, for example those designed to protect 
customers and downstream workers or communities, and those 
covering substances and preparations, in the jurisdictions in 
which they operate. Although the Company seeks to ensure that 
its products meet the highest quality standards, increasingly 
stringent and complex laws and regulations, new scientific 
discoveries, delivery of defective products or the obligation to 
notify or provide regulatory authorities or others with required 
information (such as under the European Union Regulation 
known as “REACH”, which addresses the production and use 
of chemical substances) may force the Company to adapt, 
redesign, redevelop, recertify and/or eliminate its products 
from the market thereby incurring significant additional costs. 
Seizures of defective products may be pronounced, and the 
Company may incur administrative, civil or criminal liability. Any 
problems in this respect may also have a significant adverse 
effect on the reputation of the Company and lead to a decline 
in demand for its products and services.
2726 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 27:
Risk Factors   / 
Irrespective of compliance with applicable laws and regulations, 
the Company’s reputation and the demand for its products 
may also be affected by the public perception of environmental 
and societal impacts of the Company’s products in operation 
(such as the emission of greenhouse gases or noise) and of 
the impacts of the Company and its supply chain industrial 
operations on local communities, on the environment and on 
air and water quality.
The Company cannot predict at this time the impact on it as 
a result of environmental, human rights, health and safety 
matters, and may be adversely affected by them in the manner 
described above. For further information on sustainability-
related risks, see “– Information on the Company’s Activities 
– 1.2 Non-Financial Information”.
Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2726 Airbus /  Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 28:
Chapter 
28 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 29:
01
Information on 
the Company’s Activities
1.1 Presentation of the Company 30
1.1.1 Overview 30
1.1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft) 35
1.1.3 Helicopters  44
1.1.4 Defence and Space 50
1.1.5 Investments 57
1.1.6 Insurance  58
1.1.7 Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 58
1.2 Non-Financial Information 61
1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability 61
1.2.2 Climate Change 68
1.2.3 Pollution 86
1.2.4 Materials and Circularity 88
1.2.5 Water 90
1.2.6 Biodiversity 92
1.2.7 Aviation and Product Safety 93
1.2.8 Cyber Security 95
1.2.9 Health and Safety 97
1.2.10 Human Rights 102
1.2.11 Inclusion and Diversity 107
1.2.12 Social Dialogue 109
1.2.13 People  111
1.2.14 Business Integrity 115
1.2.15 Responsible Supply Chain 118
1.2.16 Community Impact 126
1.2.17 ESG Data Board 128
1.2.18 TCFD Correspondence Table 137
1.2.19 EU Taxonomy 138
1.2.20 GRI Index 144
1.2.21 SASB Correspondence Table 148
1.3 Other Corporate Activities 149
1.4 Recent Developments 157
29 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 30:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
30 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.1 Presentation of the Company
1.1.1 Overview
Due to the nature of the markets in which the Company operates and the  confidential nature 
of  its businesses, any  statements with respect to the  Company’s competitive position set out 
in paragraphs 1.1.1 through 1.1.5 below have been based on the Company’s internal information 
sources, unless another source has been specified below.
Airbus pioneers sustainable aerospace for a safe and united 
world. The Company constantly innovates to provide efficient 
and technologically-advanced solutions in aerospace, defence, 
and connected services. In commercial aircraft, Airbus offers 
modern and fuel-efficient airliners and associated services. The 
Company is also a European leader in defence, security and 
space businesses. In helicopters, the Company provides civil 
and military rotorcraft solutions and services worldwide.
Strategy
In the current challenging operating environment, the Airbus 
purpose “We pioneer sustainable aerospace for a safe and 
united world” has never been more relevant. The Airbus strategy 
focuses on geopolitics, sovereignty, resilience and sustainability, 
and remains well placed to enable the Company to create value 
and remain profitable:
1. grow Airbus as an aerospace and defence leader;
2. leverage European roots to pursue global reach;
3. increase capacity to invest for the future; and
4. lead the transformation of the aerospace industry.
1. Grow Airbus as an Aerospace 
and Defence Leader
Leadership today is not a guarantee for leadership tomorrow. The 
Company believes that its ability to win business in the future will 
be earned through continuous innovation, both in and around its 
current portfolio as well as when preparing the future generation 
of products and related services. All activities must be executed 
to the highest quality and safety standards possible.
1.1 Keep Current Portfolio Young and Competitive
The Company’s financial success is strongly linked to capitalising 
on its current commercial aircraft portfolio through incremental 
improvements. Airbus estimates that its current products have 
substantial upside leading to exceptional longevity. This has 
been demonstrated by the New Engine Option (NEO) versions of 
A320 and A330 and stretch versions, such as the A321XLR, but 
also in smaller, incremental improvements on every product. The 
A330neo and the A350 both deliver high levels of fuel efficiency 
(25% fuel consumption saving compared to previous generation 
aircraft), accelerated pilot on boarding (all wide-body aircraft 
benefit from a common type rating making pilot training shorter, 
smoother and lower cost), and comfort through the exclusive 
airspace cabin, setting a modern benchmark in passenger 
comfort and wellbeing. The Company plans to continue 
incremental improvements further in the coming years on all 
Airbus aircraft, with a focus on fuel efficiency, environmental 
impact, operational improvements, recurring costs, digital 
connectivity and increased automation / autonomy functions. 
Airbus aircraft are also well suited to serve freighter and VIP 
markets. The decision to launch the A350 Freighter version 
(“A350F”) in 2021 is a typical example, setting a new standard 
for air freight efficiency, responding to Boeing’s positioning  in 
this segment with a successful market entry (35 firm orders as 
of the end of 2022).
With the same logic, the helicopter portfolio is expanding through 
military versions of commercially successful products.
In order to keep the current portfolio competitive and to extend 
the longevity of its products beyond 2030, Airbus will continue 
evolving platform capabilities, such as A330 MRTT automatic 
air-to-air refuelling and new standard operating capabilities for 
the A400M. For services, new digital business will be addressed 
beyond our regular profitable MRO business.
1.2  Pioneering for the Next Generation
In preparing the next generation of aircraft, the requirement for 
improved sustainability will be the catalyst that allows aviation 
to continue to meet its larger purpose of uniting the world. The 
quest for lower carbon air travel will fundamentally change 
aerospace. Not since the introduction of the jet engine has 
the industry faced such a challenge, in particular around new 
energy sources. New certification challenges, new materials, 
new designs, new industrial processes and new business 
models will also be assessed, which will provide sources of 
opportunity. In short, the Company aims to set the standards and 
mature the technologies of sustainable aviation for the benefit of 
the environment and society at large, delivering products and 
services that make a step change from our customers while 
remaining viable and feasible for Airbus.
Airbus has already started preparing the enablers for this 
evolution and has invested in key R&T bricks. In 2022, the 
Company launched, together with CFM International, a flight test 
demonstrator for advanced open fan architecture. In addition, the 
ZEROe demonstrator development platform has been launched 
to test hydrogen technologies on the ground and in the air. 
Airbus’ UpNext demonstrators study potential new products 
and services that encompass radical flying technological 
breakthroughs. Meanwhile Airbus has demonstrated formation 
flight missions, through its Fello’fly project, to realise fuel efficiency 
improvements on aircraft already operating in service.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 31:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
31Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Airbus is also leading a European consortium to increase the 
air mobility capabilities of the armed forces of European Union  
Member States with the new Future Mid-size Tactical Cargo 
(FMTC) transport aircraft to complement the missions of the 
A400M.
1.3 Build A dvantages Through a Broad Span 
of Products and Services within Aerospace 
and Defence
The resilience provided by a broad portfolio of products and 
services is essential for Airbus today and will continue to be in 
the future. Most aerospace companies nurture a substantial 
defence and space element in their portfolio to gain synergies 
and increase stability. This is also true for Airbus, with commercial 
aircraft, helicopters, defence, space, and security activities all 
part of the portfolio. Governmental, military and commercial 
business, products and services, fixed wing and rotary platforms, 
satellites and launchers, both self- and customer-funded, are all 
elements which balance market variations, provide synergies, 
and help to smooth investment cycles. Additionally, as digital 
design, manufacturing & services require similar capabilities 
across aerospace segments, owning a broad portfolio delivers 
flexibility in resource allocation and the reuse of investments 
in core capabilities. The COVID-19 crisis demonstrated the 
importance of having strong and complementary helicopter, 
defence, space and security businesses alongside commercial 
aviation within the portfolio, enhancing the resilience of the overall 
group.
1.4 Expand as a Leader Towards New Territories
In commercial aviation, the demand for more fuel-efficient 
solutions will play out globally and will drive demand for our 
products and services. In helicopters, Urban Air Mobility (“ UAM”) 
is at the forefront of a revolution towards more sustainable electric 
flight for complementary urban transport solutions using the 
third dimension. Capturing growth in these new vertical take-off 
and landing (“VTOL”) and UAM markets, for both platforms and 
services, is a major driver for the Company’s strategy. Airbus 
launched its CityAirbus NextGen eVTOL in 2021 for this purpose. 
In defence, shaping air and space power integrating aircraft, 
unmanned systems and space assets with a cloud structure 
for command and control, will revolutionise the performance 
of Airbus’ defence customers in future and aims to secure the 
Company’s long-term presence in defence markets.
2. Leverage European Roots to Pursue 
Global Reach
The ambition of European industrialists to work together towards 
a common goal of creating one leading player in commercial 
aerospace has been decisive to the success of the Company.
2.1 Global Reach Through Local Actions
Over the past 50  years, Airbus has grown from being a 
cooperation of national aerospace companies, in four European 
countries, to a global leader in commercial aerospace with a 
strong foothold in helicopters, defence, space and security. No 
aerospace and defence company is more culturally diverse. 
More than 140 nationalities make up the Company’s workforce 
and over 20 languages are spoken, reflecting the diversity of 
its employees and customer base. This is a key strength of the 
Company in addressing global markets. Airbus has built on its 
strong European heritage to become truly international, operating 
across more than 180 locations. The Company has invested in 
and grown aircraft and helicopter final assembly lines across 
Asia, Europe and the Americas.
In preparation for the single aisle production ramp-up to 75 
aircraft per month (rate 75), the Company’s commercial aircraft 
business launched the transformation of its industrial system 
across the world. The final assembly lines in Tianjin, China and 
Toulouse have been upgraded to make them A321 capable. 
Furthermore, a second assembly line in Mobile, USA is being 
established to further increase local capacity. To enable this 
surge of single aisle rates, major aircraft components assembly 
lines have been either upgraded (Broughton) or opened (Saint-
Nazaire). In parallel, Airbus expanded its presence in Portugal, 
to create a new central and specialised Global Business Service 
Center, and in India, through the development of its engineering 
and Information Management competence centres.
2.2 Aerospace and Defence is a Sovereign Industry
As the war in Ukraine has demonstrated, strong defence 
capabilities provide nations with physical security and the means 
to protect their citizens, values and vital infrastructure. This 
security is in turn a prerequisite of peace, the rule of law, political 
stability, democracy, environmental sustainability, human rights, 
economic development and prosperity and scientific progress.
All nations need a certain level of strategic autonomy and Airbus 
products and services help nations protect freedom, peace and 
security. Strongly rooted in all key national markets in Europe, the 
Company will continue to deliver on national needs while acting 
as a catalyst for broader European sovereignty requirements. 
In particular, Airbus is a long-term, trusted partner to France, 
Germany, the UK and Spain. Our relationships with these nations 
have been nurtured over several decades of manufacturing, 
supplying and maintaining critical defence systems for their 
armed forces. Our manufacturing system is a model of European 
integration and our growth as a Company owes much to our 
ability to operate freely across borders within Europe.
Our products and services range contribute to safety and 
security in many different ways. They range from the aircraft 
that allow nations to safeguard their airspace (Eurofighter, military 
helicopters, A400M) to intelligence capabilities (observation 
satellites, maritime surveillance), terrestrial space services, 
cyber security and secure satellite communications solutions 
for government defence departments and organisations devoted 
to public safety and emergency responders. All of these help to 
make the world a safer place.
3. Increase Capacity to Invest for the Future
Market recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic has varied 
significantly across different world regions, driven by the pace 
of vaccination campaigns and the easing of travel restrictions. 
Domestic markets were first to recover, followed by regional 
and intercontinental markets, with the exception of China where 
“zero-COVID” policies created ongoing volatility throughout 
2022. Market recovery unleashed waves of pent-up demand 
for air travel which almost all actors in the industry had major 
difficulties in accommodating, limited by their human resources 
and supply chains. The pressure on supply was compounded 
by Russia's invasion  of Ukraine and its impacts on energy, 
critical raw materials and economic growth. The demand crisis 
is recovering fast but supply, production and ramp-up challenges 
remain.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 32:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
32 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.1 Right Combination of Growth, Profitability 
and Resilience
The Company continues to face a volatile, uncertain, complex 
and ambiguous market environment. At the same time the climate 
imperative for commercial aviation is increasingly recognised 
together with the collective drive towards decarbonisation for 
which Airbus is a leader. 2022 provided another significant 
milestone: the certification and first delivery of the Comac C919, 
the Chinese competitor to the A320 and Boeing 737. Hence 
the right combination of growth, profitability and resilience is 
vital to the Company’s long-term competitiveness.
Aerospace remains a major backbone of the global economy 
and a vital service to people and businesses. Airbus is 
committed to playing its role in ensuring that its sectors 
consistently deliver on their vital role in the global economy 
by building resilience through having sufficient funds available 
to withstand the shocks; through close cooperation with 
stakeholders to ensure the overall travel value chain survives; 
through seamless coordination along the supply chain to detect 
issues rapidly; and through reinforcement of the balance sheet 
to continue investing in future competitiveness. To compete 
successfully, the Company continues to invest in the evolution 
of its product portfolio and its decarbonisation roadmap, the 
development and integration of the latest aircraft technologies, 
the introduction of new manufacturing technologies including 
greater use of automation, the implementation of Digital Design 
Manufacturing and Services, the restructuring of its industrial 
set-up including the creation of Airbus Atlantic and Airbus 
Aerostructures, as well as the optimisation of its supply chain 
relationships.
3.2  Protecting Investments Important 
for the Longer Term
The Company believes that the way to remain attractive to 
investors, employees and society at large is to be at the 
forefront of innovation and to be a leader in the global market. 
This requires discipline on both revenues and the cost base, 
throughout all Airbus businesses, to gain sufficient volume and 
profitability to continuously drive the industry forward. Having 
successfully increased revenue and profit in the years before 
the COVID-19 crisis, continuous improvement is essential 
to further support Airbus’ resilience and prepare for future 
investments. As the Company delivers on its strategy as a 
leader with European roots and global reach, the Company is 
uniquely positioned to pioneer the industry, deepen relations 
with its customers, expand its role in defence, space and 
helicopters, while delivering shareholder value in line with 
market expectations.
4. Lead the Transformation of the Aerospace 
Industry
Aviation’s licence to grow and operate in the future is inherently 
linked to sustainability. Improving the environmental impact of 
our day-to-day lives is at the top of agendas throughout the 
world. While some argue for limiting mobility, the Company 
believes the solution should not hinder people’s ability to 
connect and unite across the world. Making the world a smaller 
and more transparent place to live makes it safer and more 
rewarding. The ability to discover, learn, share and remain safe 
are basic human needs and a guiding star for the Company. 
Air travel brings prosperity through the connections it makes. 
One in ten jobs around the world is in the travel and tourism 
industry, and air travel routes are the arteries of this system. 
Sufficient prosperity will be required to deliver the climate neutral 
transformation of industry that society demands. Hence, the 
purpose of the Company is to pioneer sustainable aerospace 
for a safe and united world.
The Company does not, however, operate in a vacuum. Social 
sustainability and good governance are integral elements in 
managing the Company’s vision for a sustainable future. Airbus’ 
business is deeply connected with environmental, social and 
governance (“ ESG”) objectives through various international 
standards, frameworks and initiatives.
Defence is a crucial component of security and security is the 
precondition for a responsible and sustainable world. In this 
endeavour, Airbus is committed to sustainable and responsible 
business practices, and maintaining the strictest legal and 
highest ethical standards in full compliance with international 
laws and European and national export control regulations. 
Our defence capabilities provide countries with the means to 
protect their citizens, democratic values and vital infrastructure, 
which is of incalculable societal value.
The capabilities and technologies that the Company develops 
in this sector will help its customers in the future air domain 
(teaming, autonomy, digital services, etc.) and protect key 
space assets. All in a future system-of-systems environment 
which will bring real operational superiority and will provide 
synergies to the civil activities.
The successful launch of FCAS’s Phase 1B paves the way in 
this direction. The project will see major European defence 
partners cooperating to prove the viability of new high-end 
technologies – Next Generation Fighter, Remote Carriers 
(drones) and a Multi Domain Combat Cloud.
Current developments by the Company of future space 
capabilities and equipment (Low Earth Orbit Positioning, 
Navigation and Timing technologies, laser communication for 
high-speed modern connectivity, advanced processors and 
antennas, Very High Resolution earth observation solutions) 
are also spearheading future applications for defence or 
sustainability purposes and information superiority.
4.1 Lead the Journey Towards Clean Aerospace
Airbus, and the wider aerospace industry, must ultimately 
determine ways to eliminate the impact of its activities on the 
climate. This must be achieved by the current generation. This 
is a clear expectation of the flying public and society at large, 
demonstrated by the announcements and commitments of 
international bodies such as IATA and ICAO during 2022. In 
response, Airbus is striving to lead the industry on a strong path 
to the lowest climate impact solutions as part of the industry’s 
commitment to the Paris Agreement.
A major focus of the Company’s sustainability strategy 
is reducing the CO 2  emissions of its aircraft, as well as its 
industrial environmental footprint at its sites worldwide 
and throughout the supply chain. In 2022, we submitted to 
the Science-Based Targets initiative (“SBTi ”) our planned 
decarbonisation targets for both our industrial footprint as 
well as that of our sold products, whilst also developing 
scenarios to enable a transparent approach to Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures recommendations. The 
Company is investing in and developing viable products and 
services that are attractive and efficient for its customers by 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 33:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
33Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
maturing the technologies related to sustainable aviation fuels 
(“ SAF”), hydrogen, hybridisation, industrial systems, aircraft 
architectures based on next generation engines, future wing 
and fuselage design and automation.
Airbus believes SAF will play a key role in the decarbonisation 
of in-service and future aircraft. Research programmes towards 
100% SAF capability have been continued in 2022, alongside 
incentivisation and support to assure a rapid growth in the 
overall SAF ecosystem. Meanwhile Airbus remains focused 
on maturing hydrogen ecosystem, transport and refuelling 
infrastructure to deliver on its ambition to bring the world’s first 
hydrogen-powered commercial aircraft to market by 2035, 
known as ZEROe.
Airbus is also involved in the Single European Sky Air Traffic 
Management Research (“ SESAR”) initiative to optimise aircraft 
operations in Europe. In 2022, Airbus committed to carbon 
removals, both through investment in the worlds largest direct 
air carbon capture facility, as well as by purchasing open market 
carbon credits.
CO 2  is not the only aviation emission known to have an 
impact on climate. Airbus is engaged at both international 
and European level with research institutes at the forefront of 
scientific knowledge on the non-CO 2  effects of aviation to better 
understand and respond to these challenges.
The Company has implemented its high5+ programme targets – 
a clear pathway to significantly reduce its environmental footprint 
in manufacturing activities with regards to CO 2 , energy, water, air 
emissions and waste. Airbus believes in managing its products’ 
environmental footprint across the entire lifecycle, from the 
design phase, raw material input, through the operational life 
and up to the end of the product life. This optimisation of energy 
and use of finite resources should bring both economic and 
environmental benefits.
Airbus satellites are today employed in monitoring the effects 
of climate change, with products, such as helicopters, also 
playing a key role supporting communities in tackling disasters.
4.2  Build our Business on the Foundation 
of Safety and Quality
Safety cannot be compromised. That is why the number one 
priority for the Company is to protect and safeguard people, 
suppliers, communities, customers and assets from health and 
safety risks arising from the Company’s activities. Fostering a 
safety culture which goes beyond regulatory compliance in 
product safety and quality, and championing a “zero-harm” 
mind-set in which the Company takes responsibility for itself and 
others, is a core commitment of the Company’s sustainability 
strategy. The Company focuses on developing rigorous safety 
management guidelines to ensure its long-term competitiveness.
4.3 Respect Human Rights and Foster Inclusion
The Company’s respect for human rights is an essential part 
of responsible business conduct in its business activities and 
throughout the value chain.
Airbus believes that everyone who works either for or with the 
Company, both within its business operations and the supply 
chain, contributes to its continued innovation, creativity, and 
business success. Therefore, it is imperative that the Company 
fosters empowerment, collaborative working, inclusiveness 
and diversity to enable a workplace to which people can bring 
their best selves. The Company ensures that its employees 
have access to a wealth of education and employee mobility 
opportunities to grow their skills because the Company strongly 
believes a more educated workforce is a more empowered 
workforce.
As declared in Airbus’ Human Rights Policy Statement, 
Airbus commits to embed and advance respect for human 
rights, covering the activities under its full, direct control in its 
Divisions, affiliates and supply chain. Airbus has also committed 
to undertaking ongoing risk-based human rights due diligence 
on such activities to identify, address and remedy adverse 
impacts, to prioritise its most salient human rights issues and 
to be transparent in this regard.
4.4  Exemplify Business Integrity
Business integrity is non-negotiable. As the Company’s 
operations reach across more than 100 countries worldwide, 
it has a clear obligation to comply with laws and regulations 
wherever it operates. The Company conducts its business 
ethically, based on its values, and not only in compliance with 
laws and regulations. Furthermore, the Company strives for a 
culture of integrity in its people, partners and suppliers. In an 
effort to improve accountability, the Company is strengthening 
its current compliance programmes with the intention of 
becoming a benchmark in this area. To this end, the Company 
has established a dedicated Ethics & Compliance programme 
and organisation, ensuring that ethical and compliant behaviour 
is deeply embedded throughout the Company.
Organisation of the Company’s 
Businesses
The Company has organised its businesses into the following three 
operating segments: (i) Airbus, (ii) Helicopters and (iii) Defence 
and Space. The chart set out in “– General Description of 
the Company and its Share Capital – 3.3.6 Simplified Group 
Structure Chart” illustrates the allocation of activities.
Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)
Airbus is one of the world’s leading aircraft manufacturers of 
passenger and freighter aircraft and related services.
In 2022, Airbus delivered 661 aircraft (compared to 611 deliveries 
in 2021) and received 1,078 gross orders (compared to 771 gross 
orders in 2021). After accounting for cancellations, net order 
intake for 2022 was 820 aircraft (compared to 507 aircraft in 
2021). As of 31 December 2022, Airbus’s backlog of commercial 
orders was 7,239 aircraft (compared to 7,082 aircraft in 2021).
In 2022, Airbus (Commercial Aircraft) recorded total revenues 
of € 41.4 billion – representing 69% of the Company’s revenues. 
See “– 1.1.2 Airbus”.
Helicopters
Airbus Helicopters is a global leader in the civil and military 
rotorcraft market, offering one of the most complete and modern 
ranges of helicopters and related services. This product range 
currently includes intermediate single-engine, light twin-engine, 
medium and medium-heavy rotorcraft, which are adaptable to 
all kinds of mission types based on customer needs.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 34:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
34 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Summary Financial and Operating Data
The following tables provide summary financial and operating data for the Company for the past three years. See “– Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – 2.1 Operating and Financial Review”.
REVENUE BY BUSINESS SEGMENT
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Airbus 41,428 36,164 34,250
Airbus Helicopters 7,0 48 6,509 6,251
Airbus Defence and Space 11,259 10,186 10,446
Subtotal segmental revenue 59,735 52,859 50,947
Eliminations (972) (710) (1,035)
Total 58,763 52,149 49,912
ORDER INTAKE BY BUSINESS SEGMENT
2022 2021 2020
(In € billion) (In percentage)(1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1)
Airbus 59.7 72.2% 40.0 64.3% 16.1 48.1%
Airbus Helicopters 9.3 11.2% 8.6 13.7% 5.5 16.4%
Airbus Defence and Space 13.7 16.6% 13.7 22.0% 11.9 35.5%
Subtotal segmental order intake 82.7 100% 62.2 100% 33.5 100%
Eliminations (0.2) (0.2) (0.2)
Total 82.5 62.0 33.3
(1)  Before “Eliminations”.
ORDER BACKLOG BY BUSINESS SEGMENT
31 December
2022 2021 2020
(In € billion) (In percentage)(1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1)
Airbus 390. 5 86.9% 345.1 86.4% 324.7 86.8%
Airbus Helicopters 20.8 4.6% 18.0 4.5% 15.8 4.2%
Airbus Defence and Space 38.4 8.5% 36.1 9.1% 33.5 9.0%
Subtotal segmental order backlog 449. 7 100% 399.2 100% 374.0 100%
Eliminations (0.4) (0.8) (0.9)
Total 449.2 398.4 373.1
(1)  Before “Eliminations”.
Airbus Helicopters delivered 344 helicopters in 2022 (compared 
to 338 in 2021) and received 362 net orders in 2022 (compared 
to 414 net orders in 2021). Order intake amounted to € 9.34 billion 
(2021: € 8.55 billion). Military contracts accounted for 63% of this 
order volume, with civil sales representing the remaining 37%. 
At the end of 2022, Airbus Helicopters order book stood at 757 
helicopters (compared to 739 helicopters in 2021).
In 2022, Airbus Helicopters recorded total revenues of 
€ 7.05 billion, representing 1 1% of the Company’s revenues. 
See “– 1.1.3 Helicopters”.
Defence and Space
Airbus Defence and Space is a European  leader in defence, 
security and space businesses.
Airbus Defence and Space is organised in three main segments: 
Military Air Systems, Space Systems and Connected Intelligence. 
Airbus Defence and Space develops, produces and maintains 
cutting-edge products, systems and services, enabling 
governments, institutions and commercial customers to protect 
people and resources. In 2022, Airbus Defence and Space 
recorded total revenues of € 11.26 billion, representing 19% of 
the Company’s revenues. See “– 1.1.4 Defence and Space”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 35:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
35Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)
Airbus is one of the world’s leading aircraft manufacturers of 
passenger and freighter aircraft and related services. In order 
to help shape the future of air transportation, Airbus seeks 
innovative technological solutions and the most efficient sourcing 
and manufacturing possible, so airlines can grow sustainably 
and people can connect. Airbus’ comprehensive product line 
comprises successful families of jetliners ranging in capacity 
from 100 to more than 400 seats: the A220 Family; the A320 
Family including the latest advanced technology A320neo, 
which is civil aviation’s best-selling product line; the A330 
Family, including the advanced A330neo, the latest generation 
widebody A350 and its freighter derivative the A350F. Across 
its aircraft families Airbus’ solutions ensure that aircraft share 
high commonality in airframes, on-board systems, cockpits and 
handling characteristics. This significantly reduces operating 
costs for airlines. See “– 1.1.1 Overview” for an introduction to 
Airbus.
Airbus’ global presence includes activity in Europe (France, 
Germany, Spain and the UK), as well as in Canada, the US, 
China, Japan, India and in the Middle East. Airbus also has field 
service stations, spares, support and logistics centres as well as 
engineering centres worldwide. Airbus benefits from industrial 
co-operation and partnerships with major companies and an 
extensive network of suppliers around the world.
Strategy
Airbus’ purpose is to “pioneer sustainable aerospace for a safe 
and united world”. Airbus aims to keep its current commercial 
aircraft portfolio competitive through incremental improvements, 
while at the same time pioneering disruptive technologies. 
Airbus strives to find solutions that limit negative impact on the 
environment, and has set itself robust near-term science-based 
targets to reduce its greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions which 
were validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative (“ SBTi”) 
in January 2023. The Company’s decarbonisation roadmap 
integrates complementary elements, including fleet renewal, 
alternative propulsion and fuels, and improvements to aircraft 
operations including air traffic management. Airbus believes 
that SAF will play a key role in reducing the environmental 
footprint of the aviation industry, as it can be used both for 
in-service fleets and in the flying fleets of tomorrow. Airbus 
has actively tested 100% SAF capabilities on aircraft including 
the A380, A350 and A321neo. The Company’s ambition is 
to have all its aircraft platforms capable of being operated 
with 100% SAF before the end of the decade . Airbus is also 
actively engaged within the broader SAF ecosystem through 
strategic partnerships and efforts that encourage various SAF 
production pathways (including from biomass feedstock, or 
power-to-liquid technologies, etc.) with the aim to foster the 
development of the SAF market. Hydrogen is another area 
of focus. In September 2020, Airbus revealed three different 
hydrogen-powered concept aircraft entitled “ZEROe”, and Airbus 
has engaged in a number of R&T projects and partnerships with 
the objective to bring a hydrogen-powered commercial aircraft 
to market in 2035. Success towards Airbus’ decarbonisation 
roadmap can only be possible with the consistent engagement 
of the whole aviation ecosystem, including energy players. As 
a result, Airbus strives to foster collaborative engagement and 
is in constant dialogue with key stakeholders including airlines, 
operators, energy producers, financiers, regulators, industry 
organisations, non-governmental organisations and others, and 
engages with these stakeholders at events such as the Airbus 
Capital Market Day, the Airbus Summit or the Airbus Supplier 
Sustainability Council (established in 2022).
For further information, see “– 1.1.1 Overview – Strategy” and 
“– Non-Financial Information – 1.2.2 Climate change”.
Aerospace is a major backbone of the global economy and a vital 
service to people and businesses. Airbus will continue to invest 
in its future in an evolving and highly competitive environment 
through the right combination of growth, profitability and resilience. 
Airbus intends to further strengthen the industrial set-up and 
industrial flow. The further transformation of the industrial value 
chain will ultimately improve quality, competitiveness, agility and 
sustainability of the entire ecosystem. The COVID-19 crisis and 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine both illustrate the imperative for 
Airbus to have strong and complementary businesses alongside 
commercial aviation within its portfolio to provide resilience in 
the face of uncertainty.
Market
Market Drivers
In the long-term, the main factors affecting the commercial aircraft 
market include passenger demand for air travel, airline pricing 
policies and resulting yields, cargo activity, economic growth 
cycles, evolution of the cost of energy, national and international 
regulation, the rate of replacement and obsolescence of existing 
Relationship between Airbus SE and the Company
Airbus SE itself does not engage in the core aerospace, defence 
or space business of the Company but coordinates related 
businesses, sets and controls objectives and approves major 
decisions for the Company. As the parent company, Airbus SE 
conducts activities which are essential to the Company’s activities 
and which are an integral part of the overall management of the 
Company. In particular, finance activities pursued by Airbus SE 
are in support of the business activities and strategy of the 
Company. In connection therewith, Airbus SE provides or 
procures the provision of services to the subsidiaries of the 
Company. General management service agreements have been 
put in place with the subsidiaries and services are invoiced on 
a cost plus basis.
For management purposes, Airbus SE acts through its Board 
of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Committee in 
accordance with its corporate rules and procedures as described 
below under “– Corporate Governance – 4.1 Management and 
Control”.
Within the framework defined by Airbus SE, Airbus, each Division, 
Business Unit and subsidiary is vested with full entrepreneurial 
responsibility.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 36:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
36 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
fleets, the availability of aircraft financing sources and market 
evolutionary factors. The performance, competitive posture and 
strategy of aircraft manufacturers, airlines, cargo operators and 
leasing companies as well as wars, political unrest, pandemics 
and extraordinary events may also precipitate changes in 
demand and lead to short-term market imbalances. For further 
information, see “– Risk Factors – Business-Related Risks – 
Commercial Aircraft and Helicopter Market Factors”.
Air transport market recovery continued throughout 2022, with 
IATA reporting traffic (Revenue Passenger Kilometres) globally 
up from 41.7% of 2019 volumes in 2021 to 68.5%. Load factors 
increased 12 points to nearly 79%. As restrictions were removed, 
pent-up demand for air travel caused pressure to increase service 
which outstripped the ability of airlines, airports and infrastructure 
to provide it, with the notable exception of markets directly 
impacted by the continuation of China’s “z ero-COVID” policies. 
Elsewhere, Domestic markets recovered to 2019 capacity levels 
by the end of the year, intra-regional market recovery continued 
outside Asia and intercontinental market recovery accelerated, 
led by a particularly strong transatlantic market. Airline yields 
remained strong and load factors recovered notably.
Conversely, Russia's invasion  of Ukraine impacted air transport 
in many ways, including the application of sanctions to Russian 
operations, the sequestration of hundreds of civil aircraft owned 
by Western lessors and the closure of Russian airspace to the 
airlines of all countries choosing to apply sanctions. Russian air 
transport operations continued without the support of Western 
manufacturers and suppliers in a market essentially isolated from 
the rest of the world. The war created pressure on some critical 
raw materials and exacerbated supply chain tensions as well 
as driving significant volatility in fuel prices for air transport and 
heightened inflationary trends, increasing the risk of recession 
in some, mainly European countries. However the anticipated 
cooling of demand due to inflationary pressures has yet to 
materialise and the relaxation of China’s “zero-COVID” policy may 
mitigate impacts and allow the industry to return to a trajectory 
more influenced by macroeconomics and demographics.
Around 1% of world freight tonne-kilometres is carried by air, 
although this represents ~30% of the total value of freight. After 
a period of exceptional demand and high yields during the 
pandemic recovery, the air cargo market cooled during 2022 
and is now driven more by the habitual, cyclical, macroeconomic 
factors. Short-term headwinds include inflation, the strength 
of the US dollar and trade disruption. Equally, belly cargo 
capacity will return to the market as stored widebody aircraft 
re-enter service. Significant numbers of converted freighter 
aircraft ordered during the pandemic will enter service, mainly 
replacing older aircraft. Yet e-commerce growth will continue to 
be a strong driving force and will take an increasing share of the 
air cargo market. The freighter fleet contains a higher proportion 
of older aircraft and consequently future deliveries will be more 
for replacement than growth.
Having adapted its production rates in 2020 in response to the 
severity and speed of the industry downturn, Airbus was able in 
2021 to stabilise widebody production and start to increase A320 
Family production, placing unallocated aircraft and delivering 
part of the accumulated inventory. The process continued 
throughout 2022 although supply chain challenges impacted 
the company’s ability to ramp-up production at the originally-
intended pace, transforming a demand crisis into one of supply. 
Over the full year Airbus net deliveries totalled 661 new aircraft to 
84 customers and net order intake was 820 aircraft. At the end 
of 2022 Airbus’ firm order backlog was 7,239 aircraft, over 80% 
of which are for the A320 family.
Competitive market-based financing for new aircraft deliveries 
has remained available.
The recovery is following a similar pattern to previous recoveries: 
many stored aircraft will return to service, complementing newly-
delivered aircraft to allow recovery of flight frequencies; load 
factors and aircraft utilisation will improve, followed by yields. The 
balance between these is dependent on individual operators’ 
actions in a competitive marketplace for air transport services. 
As the world demonstrates greater collective resistance to 
successive COVID variants, the Company continues to expect 
the commercial aircraft market to return to pre-COVID levels 
between 2023 and 2025 and that the pandemic has not 
structurally changed the long-term market for commercial 
aircraft.
Overall growth.  The long-term market for passenger aircraft 
depends primarily on passenger demand for air travel, which 
is itself primarily driven by economic or GDP growth, trade, 
fare levels and demographic growth. Measured in revenue 
passenger kilometres, air travel increased in every year from 
1967 to 2000, except for 1991 due to the Gulf War, resulting in 
an average annual growth rate of 7.9% for the period. Demand 
for air transportation also proved resilient in the years following 
2001, when successive shocks, including 9/11 and SARS in 
Asia, dampened demand.
At the end of 2008 and in 2009, the financial crisis and global 
economic difficulties witnessed resulted in only the third period of 
negative traffic growth during the jet age, and a cyclical downturn 
for airlines in terms of traffic (both passenger and cargo), yields 
and profitability. Despite these perturbations, the market 
recovered, driven by the underlying demand for air transport. 
After 2009 until the current crisis, the industry benefited from a 
prolonged period of stability which enabled airlines to collectively 
deliver profitability at historically high levels.
The fundamental drivers behind the need for air transport remain 
unchanged, as a means for enabling highly-efficient physical 
links between people and distribution of goods at a global 
scale. However it is an activity which must be conducted in 
a sustainable manner, and Airbus is committed to pioneering 
sustainable aviation. As more governments adapt public policy 
to drive towards net-zero GHG emissions, aviation will continue 
to play its part. Decarbonisation is likely to be encouraged by 
regulatory measures including incentives and taxation to varied 
extents in different regions. This may increase the differentiation 
between the costs of operation of more or less fuel-efficient 
aircraft. There is speculation as to whether increased ticket 
prices might dampen future growth of passenger demand. 
There is no historical precedent for this as aviation growth has 
been characterised by consistently strong improvements in 
efficiency and past increases in fuel prices have been largely 
passed through to consumers, although regional differences may 
be observed. Airbus is focused on providing more fuel efficient 
aircraft for fleet replacement and growth.
Through its analysis Airbus continues to believe in the long-term 
growth potential of the industry, with a continuing drive to the 
sustainable operation of commercial aircraft aimed at meeting 
the needs of both the environment and air passengers in the 
coming years.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 37:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
37Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Growth and Replacement. Air transport is a global industry and 
demand for aircraft is subject to differences in the performance 
of national and regional economies as well as the evolution of 
energy costs. However aircraft are liquid assets that can be 
moved from one region to another and this provides a degree 
of mitigation to fluctuation of demand.
At the end of 2022, Airbus’ backlog was 7,239 aircraft, an increase 
of 157 over the previous year. Close proximity and attentiveness 
to customer needs has enabled careful management of this 
backlog to mitigate the effect on production rates from the 
pandemic, and third-party financiers have continued to support 
the delivery of new, more environmentally-efficient aircraft.
Airline network development: “hub” and “point-to-point” 
networks.  Following deregulation, major airlines have sought 
to tailor their route networks and fleets to continuing changes 
in customer demand. Accordingly, where origin and destination 
demand prove sufficiently strong, airlines often employ direct, 
or “point-to-point” route services. However, where demand 
between two destinations proves insufficient, airlines have 
developed highly efficient “hub and spoke” systems, which 
provide passengers with access to a far greater number of air 
travel destinations through one or more flight connections.
The chosen system of route networks in turn affects aircraft 
demand, as hubs permit fleet standardisation around both 
smaller aircraft types for the short, high frequency and lower 
density routes that feed the hubs and larger aircraft types for 
the longer and higher density routes between hubs, themselves 
large point-to-point markets. As deregulation has led airlines 
to diversify their route network strategies, it has at the same 
time therefore encouraged the development of a wider range 
of aircraft in order to implement such strategies.
Airbus, like others in the industry, believes that route networks 
will continue to grow through expansion of capacity on existing 
routes and through the introduction of new routes. These new 
route markets are expected to be well served by the entire Airbus 
product offering from the A220 up to the A350. Airbus believes 
that it is well positioned to meet current and future market 
requirements given its complete family of products.
Once the air transport industry rebuilds after the COVID-19 
crisis, airlines will review their positioning and business models 
in the frame of restructuring their operations. Airbus expects 
that existing networks will in the most part be continued, but 
airlines will also have the opportunity to develop their networks 
differently having undergone a forced, temporary downsizing. 
The availability from 2024 onwards of new-generation longer-
range single aisle aircraft such as the A321XLR will provide 
greater optionality to airlines.
Alliances.  The development of world airline alliances has 
reinforced the pattern of airline network development described 
above. According to data from Cirium, a UK-based aviation 
industry consultancy, one-third of the world’s jetliner seats 
being flown today are operated by just 15 airlines. In the 1990s, 
the major airlines began to enter into alliances that gave each 
alliance member access to the other alliance members’ hubs and 
routings, allowing airlines to concentrate their hub investments 
whilst at the same time extending their product offering and 
market access.
Market Structure and Competition
Market segments. Airbus competes in each of the four principal 
market segments for aircraft with more than 100 seats.
“Small” aircraft, such as the A220 and A320 Families, having 100 
to more than 200 seats, and which are used principally for short-
range and medium-range routes of up to 3,000 nautical miles.
“Medium” aircraft typically offer up to 300 seats on routes of up 
to 5,000 nautical miles. This includes long range versions of the 
A321, such as A321XLR, as well as the A330 Family.
“Large” aircraft, such as the A350, are widebody twin-aisle 
which seat more than 350 passengers on routes of up to 
10,000 nautical miles.
“Freight” aircraft, such as the A350 Freighter, which form a fourth, 
related segment, are a combination of new build and converted 
ex-passenger aircraft. Converted aircraft are prevalent in the 
expanding e-commerce market which typically sees relatively 
low aircraft utilisation. This can provide an economical “second 
life” for in-service aircraft from the A320 and A330 families. See 
“– Airbus Canada, Regional Aircraft, Aerostructures, Seats, 
Aircraft Conversion – EFW”. In 2021, Airbus launched a new 
A350F freighter model in response to customer demand. The 
addition of a freighter variant is also expected to contribute 
towards greater resilience of the A350 Programme to future 
market fluctuations.
Airbus also competes in the corporate, VIP business jet 
market with the ACJ. The ACJ portfolio is composed of the 
ACJ319neo, the ACJ320neo, the ACJ330neo and the ACJ350. 
To complete the ACJ family, Airbus launched, in October 2020, 
the ACJ TwoTwenty. The first aircraft has been handed over to 
a competition centre and entry into service is targeted for 2023.
Geographic differences.  The high proportion of single  aisle 
aircraft in use in both North America and Europe reflects the 
predominance of domestic short-range and medium-range 
flights, both from the expansion of the low-cost carrier and 
particularly in North America due to the development of hubs 
following deregulation. In comparison with North America and 
Europe, the Asia-Pacific region uses a greater proportion of 
twin-aisle aircraft, as populations tend to be more concentrated 
in fewer large urban centres. The tendency towards the use 
of twin-aisle aircraft is also reinforced by the fact that many of 
the region’s major airports limit the number of flights, due to 
environmental concerns or the infrastructure constraints that 
limit the ability to increase flight frequency. These constraints 
necessitate higher average aircraft seating capacity per flight. 
However, Airbus believes that demand for single aisle aircraft in 
Asia will grow over the next 20 years, particularly as domestic 
markets in China and India and low-cost carriers continue to 
develop in the region.
Competition.  Airbus has been operating in a competitive 
duopoly since Lockheed’s withdrawal from the market in 1984 
and Boeing’s acquisition of McDonnell Douglas in 1997. As a 
result, the bulk of the market for passenger aircraft of more than 
150 seats have been manufactured by either Airbus or Boeing.
Nevertheless, the high technology and high value nature of the 
business makes aircraft manufacturing an attractive industry 
in which to participate, and besides Boeing, Airbus faces 
international competitors. Embraer, whose primary focus has 
been on the regional market, has no announced intentions 
for higher-capacity aircraft but is studying a new 70/90-seat 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 38:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
38 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
regional turboprop. Mitsubishi Heavy Industries announced the 
liquidation of their regional aircraft programme prior to Entry-Into-
Service. New Russian programmes in the 100-seat and 180-seat 
categories are supported with renewed vigour but delayed by 
several years whilst components are substituted by those of 
Russian manufacture, and have a limited addressable market. 
In December 2022 the Chinese manufacturer COMAC delivered 
the first C919 airliner, a direct competitor to the A320neo. This 
significant milestone heralds the possible end of a period of 
duopoly in this market segment, although we consider the likely 
market penetration of this competitor to be more significant risk 
in the 2030s decade than the current decade.
In February  2020, Airbus  SE, the Government of Québec 
and Bombardier Inc. agreed upon a new ownership structure 
for the A220 programme, whereby Bombardier transferred 
its remaining shares in Airbus Canada Limited Partnership 
(Airbus Canada) to Airbus and the Government of Québec. 
This agreement brings the shareholdings in Airbus Canada, 
responsible for the A220, to 75% for Airbus and 25% for the 
Government of Québec respectively. The Government’s stake is 
redeemable by Airbus in 2026 – three years later than before. As 
part of this transaction, Airbus, via its wholly owned subsidiary 
Stelia Aerospace, acquired the A220 and A330 work package 
production capabilities from Bombardier in Saint-Laurent, 
Québec.
The partnership brings together two complementary products, 
the A220-100 and A220-300, targeting the 100-150 seat market 
segment with an addressable market of at least 7,000 new 
aircraft over the next 20 years in the segments in which they 
compete.
Airbus Canada benefits from Airbus’ global reach, scale, 
procurement organisation and expertise in selling, marketing 
and producing the A220. Significant production efficiencies are 
anticipated by leveraging Airbus’ production ramp-up expertise. 
In August 2019, Airbus started manufacturing the A220 also in 
Airbus’ facility in Mobile, delivering its first US-assembled A220-
300 aircraft in October 2020.
Customers
As of 31 December 2022, Airbus had 444 customers and a total 
of 21,701 aircraft had been ordered, of which 14,462 aircraft had 
been delivered to operators worldwide. The net backlog stood 
at 7,239 aircraft.
The table below shows Airbus’ largest commitments in terms of 
total gross firm orders by customer for the year 2022 (minimum 
50 units).
Customers Firm orders(1)
CHINA EASTERN AIRLINES 100
CHINA SOUTHERN AIRLINES 96
BOC AVIATION 80
INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES 
GROUP – IAG 73
AIR CHINA 64
EASYJET 56
QANTAS AIRWAYS 52
(1) Options are not included.
Products
The Family Concept – Commonality across 
the Fleet
Airbus’ aircraft families promote fleet commonality. 
This philosophy takes a central aircraft and tailors it to create 
derivatives to meet the needs of specific market segments. 
For example, both variants of the A220 have a significant level 
of common parts and can be operated by a single pilot pool. 
Alternatively, the A320, A330, A350 and A380 all share the 
same cockpit philosophy, fly-by-wire controls and handling 
characteristics, enabling pilots to transfer among these 
aircraft within the Airbus family with minimal additional training. 
Cross- crew qualification across families of aircraft supports 
airlines with operational flexibility. In addition, the emphasis on 
fleet commonality permits aircraft operators to realise significant 
cost savings in crew training, spare parts, maintenance and 
aircraft scheduling. The extent of cockpit commonality within 
and across families of aircraft is a unique feature of Airbus that, 
in management’s opinion, constitutes a sustainable competitive 
advantage.
In addition, technological innovation has been at the core 
of Airbus’ strategy since its creation. Each product in the 
Airbus family is intended to set new standards in areas crucial 
to airlines’ success, such as cabin comfort, cargo capacity 
performance, economic performance, environmental impact 
and operational commonality. Airbus innovations often provide 
distinct competitive advantages, with many becoming standard 
in the aircraft industry.
A220 Family. Complementing the A320 Family, the A220-100 
and A220-300 models cover the segment between 100 and 150 
seats and offer a highly comfortable five-abreast cabin. With the 
most advanced aerodynamics, carbon fiber reinforced polymer 
(CFRP) materials, high-bypass Pratt & Whitney PW1500G 
engines and fly-by-wire controls, the A220 delivers 25% lower 
fuel burn per seat compared with previous generation aircraft. In 
addition to the airliner versions, 2020 saw the launch of the ACJ 
TwoTwenty business jet, based on the A220-100, combining an 
intercontinental capability of over 12 hours flight duration with 
unmatched personal space and comfort. Airbus manufactures, 
markets and supports A220 aircraft under the Airbus Canada 
Limited Partnership agreement (q.v.) finalised in 2018. In 2020, 
Airbus delivered the first US-assembled A220-300 aircraft from 
Mobile, Alabama.
Primary competitors to the A220 Family are the Embraer 
EMB190-E2 and EMB195-E2 and the Boeing 737 Max 7.
During 2022, Airbus received 127 gross orders for the A220 
Family of aircraft and 105 net orders, with 53 aircraft having 
been delivered.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 39:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
39Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
A320 Family.  With more than 16,700 aircraft sold, and over 
10,600 delivered by the end of 2022, the A320 Family of single 
aisle aircraft includes the A319 and A321 derivatives, as well as 
the ACJ corporate jet. Each aircraft in the A320 Family shares 
the same systems, cockpit, operating procedures and cross-
section.
At 3.95 metres diameter, the A320 Family has the widest fuselage 
cross-section of any competing single aisle aircraft. This provides 
a roomy six-abreast passenger cabin, a high comfort level 
and a spacious under floor cargo volume. The A320 Family 
incorporates digital fly-by-wire controls, an ergonomic cockpit 
and a modern structural material selection. The competitors are 
the Boeing 737 series and Comac C919.
Airbus continues to invest in improvements across the product 
line, as exemplified by the development of the A320neo family, 
including the A319neo, A320neo, A321neo and ACJ variants 
of the A319neo & A320neo. The A320neo Family incorporate 
many innovations including latest generation engines and 
cabin improvements which together deliver up to 20% in fuel 
savings compared with earlier A320 family aircraft. The A320neo 
with Pratt & Whitney engines was the first variant to receive 
Type Certification, from EASA and FAA, in November 2015, 
followed by the A320neo with CFM engines in May 2016. 
The A321neo with Pratt & Whitney engines received Joint 
Type Certification in December 2016 and with CFM engines in 
March 2017. Type Certification for the A319neo with CFM engines 
was achieved in December 2018 with the Pratt & Whitney engine 
variant the following year.
The A320neo Family versions have over 95% airframe 
commonality with the A320ceo (current engine option) versions, 
enabling them to fit seamlessly into existing A320 Family fleets 
– a key factor for Airbus customers and operators. All orders 
for the A318ceo have been met and a full transition to the Neo 
variants of the other models is nearing completion. Continuing 
support for the large in-service A320ceo fleet is undiminished 
as new opportunities arise, including those in the developing 
passenger-to-freighter conversion market.
Recognising a market requirement for increasing range 
capability, the A321neo has been developed to incorporate 
additional flexibility in cabin configuration with optional design 
weight and fuel capacity enhancements to produce the 7,280km 
(4,000nm) range capable A321LR. In 2019, Airbus launched the 
A321XLR, combining single  aisle efficiency with widebody range 
and comfort, and resulting in an unmatched product offering for 
all operator types in the key mid-range market area.
Since its launch in December 2010, the A320neo Family has 
received 8,665 firm orders from more than 100 customers, with 
a total of 2,592 aircraft delivered to the end of 2022. A320neo 
deliveries commenced in February 2016 followed by the first 
A321neo in April 2017 and in August 2019 the first A319neo. 
Overall, the A320neo family retains an approximate 60% market 
share of the backlog against the Boeing 737 MAX Family.
During 2022, Airbus received 888 gross orders for the A320 
Family of aircraft and 770 net orders, with 516 aircraft having 
been delivered.
A220 FAMILY TECHNICAL FEATURES
Model Entry-into-service Typical seating(1) Range (km) Length (metres) Wingspan (metres)
A220-100 2016 100 to 120 6,390 35.0 35.1
A220-300 2016 120 to 150 6,297 38.7 35.1
(1)  Two-class layout.
A320 FAMILY TECHNICAL FEATURES
Model Entry-into-service Typical seating(1) Range (km) Length (metres) Wingspan (metres)
A319 1996 110 to 140 6,850 33.8 35.8 (2)
A320 1988 140 to 170 6,200 37.6 35.8 (2)
A321 1994 170 to 210 5,950 44.5 35.8 (2)
A319neo 2019 (ACJ) 120 to 150 6,760 33.8 35.8
A320neo 2016 150 to 180 6,390 37.6 35.8
A321neo 2017 180 to 220 7,40 0 44.5 35.8
A321XLR 180 to 220 8,700 44.5 35.8
(1)  Two-class layout.
(2) With sharklets.
A330 Family. With 1,774 aircraft sold (of which 288 A330neo) and 
1,559 delivered, the A330 Family covers all market segments with 
one twin-engine aircraft type and is designed to typically carry 
between 220 and 300 passengers in three-class configurations 
or over 400 passengers in high-density. The A330 Family offers 
high levels of passenger comfort as well as large under-floor 
cargo areas. The A330-200 version is also offered as a military 
platform and as a cargo variant. A passenger-to-freighter 
conversion is offered by the ST Engineering / EFW partnership 
for both the A330-200 and  A330-300, meeting the logistical 
needs of the rapidly growing e-commerce market.
The competitors of the A330 Family are the Boeing  767, 
777 and 787 aircraft series.
The latest evolution of the A330 Family is the A330neo 
(new engine option), comprising the A330-800 and A330-900 
versions. These aircraft incorporate latest generation Rolls-Royce 
Trent 7000 engines and enhanced aerodynamics for improved 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 40:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
40 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
A350 FAMILY TECHNICAL FEATURES
Model Entry-into-service Typical seating or payload(1) Maximum range (km) Length (metres) Wingspan (metres)
A350-900 2014 300 to 350 15,000 66.8 64.8
A350-1000 2018 350 to 410 16,100 73.8 64.8
A350F 109 tonnes 8,700 70.8 64.8
(1)  Three-class layout.
A380. The double-deck A380 is the world’s largest commercial 
aircraft flying today. Its cross-section provides flexible and 
innovative cabin space, tailored to the needs of each airline. 
The aircraft is capable of carrying over 500  passengers 
in a comfortable four-class configuration over a range of 
8,000nm / 14,800km.
The final five deliveries of the A380 took place during 2021 but 
the aircraft is likely to remain in service with its customer airlines 
well into the next decade.
A380 TECHNICAL FEATURES
Model Entry-into-service Typical seating(1) Maximum range (km) Length (metres) Wingspan (metres)
A380-800 2007 400 to 550 14,800 72.7 79.8
(1)  Four-class layout.
A330 FAMILY TECHNICAL FEATURES
Model Entry-into-service Typical seating or payload(1) Maximum range (km) Length (metres) Wingspan (metres)
A330-200 1998 210 to 250 13,450 58.8 60.3
A330-200F 2010 61 tonnes 7,40 0 58.8 60.3
A330-300 1993 250 to 290 11,750 63.66 60.3
A330-800neo 2020 220 to 260 15,094 58.8 64.0
A330-900neo 2018 260 to 300 13,334 63.7 64.0
(1)  Three-class configuration.
A350 Family. The A350 is a family of wide-body aircraft, designed 
to typically accommodate between 300 and 410 passengers. 
The A350 offers enhanced cabin features, Rolls-Royce Trent 
XWB engines, advanced aerodynamics and systems technology, 
with more than 50% composite materials in the fuselage 
structure. The A350’s main competitors are the Boeing 787 and 
777 aircraft series. Initial delivery of the A350-900 variant took 
place in December 2014 to Qatar Airways.
With the Ultra-Long Range (ULR) version of the A350-900 
launched in 2015, the A350 demonstrated its versatility by 
offering the capability to perform flights of up to 19 hours. The first 
A350-900 ULR was delivered in September 2018 to Singapore 
Airlines. Highlighting the type flexibility, Airbus delivered the first 
A350-900 Domestic to Japan Airlines during 2019.
Partnering the A350-900 is the seven metre longer A350-1000, 
which was delivered to its first customer, also Qatar Airways, in 
February 2018. Offering additional capacity for both passengers 
and cargo without compromising on range, the A350-1000 is the 
ideal replacement for previous generation aircraft in the 350-400 
seat capacity market.
In 2021, Airbus launched the A350F freighter offering three 
tonnes more payload and more range than a competing 777F. 
With unbeatable efficiency in terms of fuel burn, CO2  emissions 
and economics, the A350F is the only freighter capable of 
meeting the latest ICAO requirements.
At the end of 2022, the total orders for the A350 Family stood at 
925 aircraft, including 35 for the A350F. With 521 aircraft having 
been delivered, including 60 during the year, the backlog stood 
at 404 aircraft.
fuel efficiency. The first flight of the A330-900 took place in 
October 2017 and both Type Certification and first delivery were 
achieved in 2018, with TAP Air Portugal taking delivery of its first 
three A330-900s. Certification and first delivery of the A330-800, 
to Kuwait Airways, took place during 2020. In October 2020 
Airbus certified an improved MTOW (Maximum Take-Off Weight) 
of 251t on the A330-900 bringing a range increase of 1180 km 
(650 nm). 251t MTOW was also certified for the A330-800 in 
mid-2022.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 41:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
41Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Customer Services
Through its Customer Services activities, Airbus aims to ensure 
safe, efficient and sustainable aircraft operations thanks to a wide 
range of customer centric and value-added services.
In 2022, the worldwide economy and air travel industry showed 
regional recovery disparities with North and Latin America, 
Europe, Africa and the Middle East leading the number of flight 
cycles and Asia and China still at lower levels than 2019. 2022 
closed with an average of 86% flight cycles compared to 2019.
Together with the growing aircraft operators’ appetite for 
solutions to further optimise, digitalise and decarbonise their 
operations, Airbus aftermarket saw an improvement in the 
demand for existing and new products and services.
Here are some examples:
 – recovering number of Airbus Flight Hour Services (FHS) and 
cabin upgrades deals;
 – Skywise Digital Alliance materialising the first products via  
Skywise Predictive Maintenance;
 – Airbus Beluga Transport new company was created and the 
first successful missions for non Airbus commercial internal 
needs performed;
 – Satair’s acquisition of VAS for the extension of the multi-fleet 
Used Serviceable Material (USM) product portfolio;
 – Airbus Lifecycle Center development in China with the ground 
breaking ceremony in July and the start of the site construction 
with a planned entry into service in 2023.
In 2023, the priority of Customer Services will be to keep 
accompanying and supporting its customers in the safe and 
efficient return back to service and ramp-up of their activities. 
To do so, a range of solutions are available to help reduce 
customers´ operating costs, increase aircraft availability, 
and enhance the quality of their operations and passenger 
experience.
With a worldwide network of 6,500  employees (including 
subsidiaries) made up of hundreds of technical specialists who 
provide Airbus’ customers with advice and assistance 24 hours 
a day, seven days a week; 250 field service representatives 
positioned in over 100 cities worldwide for on-site assistance 
to our operators and system of empowered local teams in Asia, 
Africa, China the Middle East and the US; Airbus targets to 
remain at the forefront of the industry.
To succeed in this context, Customer Services will continue 
working on the transformation plan started before the crisis 
based on three pillars (customer value, customer experience 
and sustainability) through optimisation and simplification of our 
products and further industrialisation of activities to decrease 
costs and increase efficiency; becoming a relevant contributor 
to the financial success of Airbus.
Aircraft Leasing Trading and Financing
Airbus favours cash sales, and does not envisage customer 
financing as an area of business development. However, Airbus 
recognises the commercial need for manufacturers to assist 
customers in arranging financing of new aircraft purchases, and 
in certain cases to also participate in the financing, particularly 
during a time of crisis.
Extension of credit or assumption of exposure is subject to 
corporate oversight and monitoring, and follows strict standards 
of discipline and caution. Airbus’ dedicated customer finance 
team has accumulated decades of expertise in aircraft finance. 
When Airbus finances a customer, the financed aircraft generally 
serves as collateral, with the engine manufacturer participating in 
the financing. These elements assist in reducing the risk borne 
by Airbus. The difference between the gross exposure resulting 
from the financing and the collateral value is fully provisioned for 
(for further information, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 28: Sales Financing 
Transactions”). Airbus’ customer financing transactions are 
designed to facilitate subsequent sell-down of the exposure to 
the financial markets, third-party lenders or lessors.
In 2022, Airbus continued to benefit from market appetite for both 
aircraft financing and sale and leaseback lessor opportunities, 
supported by a sustained level of liquidity available in the 
market. Airbus customer financing exposure remained limited, 
as it has done throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, and has 
actually decreased compared to 2019. Airbus will continue to 
provide direct aircraft financing support as it deems necessary. 
Management believes, based on its experience, that the level of 
provisioning protecting Airbus from default costs is adequate and 
consistent with standards and practice in the aircraft financing 
industry. See “– Risk Factors – Financial Market Risks – Sales 
Financing Arrangements”.
Trading activity has not changed substantively and it continues 
to consist mainly in (i) supporting new aircraft sales campaigns 
through the trading (cradle to grave) and the placement of all 
types of used aircraft (for cash or lease), (ii) assisting Airbus 
entities/internal departments in finding/placing aircraft assets 
on the market (iii) managing and assisting in the remarketing 
of inventory aircraft and (iv) acting as remarketing agent for 
an airline/financier to remarket its aircraft. Trading activity also 
involves the sell down of leases, loans (secured and unsecured) 
and design of structured lease solutions with customers’ credits.
Operations
Industrial Organisation
Airbus’ industrial organisation reflects the end-to-end industrial 
flow in single aisle and wide-body value streams respectively. 
Production flows from the supply chain, the newly set up 
Aerostructures companies in 2022, through constituent and 
major component (wing, forward and aft fuselage, and nose 
and centre fuselage) assembly through to final assembly in 
Toulouse, Hamburg, Tianjin and Mobile. Aircraft are then handed 
over to programme management for delivery to customers. 
The  industrial flow is secured by Quality and enabled by 
Procurement as well as four transverse functions responsible 
to provide the skills, standards and services necessary for (1) 
smooth industrial planning, logistics and transport, (2) integrated 
manufacturing engineering, (3) eradication and prevention of 
non-quality, and (4) highest operational excellence and sound 
performance management.
The Procurement organisation is responsible for both the 
contractual and operational relationship with the supplier base. 
Its aim is to ensure that purchased raw materials, parts and 
services are delivered at the most competitive conditions, on 
time, cost and quality. A dedicated Procurement Operations 
team manages the delivery stream from the supply chain in 
accordance with the agreed conditions to enable the production 
flow.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 42:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
42 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The Quality First initiative launched in the second half of 2019 
in Hamburg, with a strong focus on standards and quality gate 
adherence, was further deployed in 2020 leading to improved 
quality gate performance along both value streams. The Quality 
function ensured the granting in 2022 of all necessary EASA 
certification, POA, DOA, MOA and EN9100 accreditations 
through compliance to our internal standards and processes 
and associated audits.
This way of working along end-to-end value streams promotes 
a strong sense of collaboration in the service of customers, as 
well as reactivity and agility with the highest safety and quality 
standards.
In 2022 Airbus served 84 customers with 661 deliveries, an 
increase of eight percent compared to 2021. The delivery result 
was less than targeted, due to the complexity of the challenging 
operating environment including a complex supply chain situation 
and geopolitical challenges. Airbus continues to ramp-up to 
deliver its backlog.
As part of that ramp up, Airbus is now enabling a bigger share 
of A321 delivery capabilities with all of its assembly sites now 
being A321 capable.
2022 delivery performance and rate evolution:
 – A220 family: 53 A220 delivered. We continue to ramp-up and 
are still on track for rate 14 that we envisage by the middle 
of the decade;
 – A320 family: 516 deliveries achieved. Airbus is progressing 
towards a monthly production rate of 65 aircraft by the end 
of 2024 and 75 in 2026;
 – A330: 32 deliveries achieved. The A330 monthly production 
rate increased to around three aircraft as planned and Airbus 
now targets to reach rate 4 in 2024;
 – A350: 60 deliveries achieved. Following a feasibility study with 
the supply chain, Airbus is now targeting a monthly production 
rate of 9 A350s at the end of 2025.
Technology & Engineering
Headed by the Chief Technical Officer, Airbus Technology & 
Engineering is a global organisation leading and managing Airbus 
product certification and continued airworthiness, as well as 
supporting in-series production and in-service modifications, 
non-conformities and continuous improvements.
The Technology & Engineering organisation has the two-fold 
mission to:
 – develop and deliver new aircraft architecture and design 
regarding safety, manufacturability, operability, maintainability, 
eco-efficiency and environmental compliance;
 – ensure the competitiveness of Airbus’ product and service 
portfolio in the medium- and long-term, and drive a company-
wide synergetic approach to technologies, leveraging on 
Airbus’ unique history, DNA and product culture to shape 
the future of aerospace.
The team operates transnationally, with employees located in 
France, Germany, the UK, Spain, the US, Canada, India, China 
and Singapore.
The organisation has a strong delivery focus in support of today’s 
programmes as well as future developments and it is structured 
as follows. The Centers of Competences (CoC) provide skilled 
resources to work on tasks, develop methods and tools, and 
generate solutions on topics related to airframe, aircraft systems, 
flight physics, propulsion, cabin and cargo. The architect and 
integration centre ensures, together with a team of senior 
aircraft architects and the programme chief engineers, that a 
consistent and multi-disciplinary approach is applied during 
aircraft development. The strategy and transversal integration 
centre ensures consistency between engineering and corporate 
strategy, acts as the referent for configuration management, 
process, methods and tools for engineering, and drives the 
forward looking transformation of the function.
The R&T Programme department applies a lean project-
based approach, tracked and managed using earned value 
management, technology readiness levels and figures of 
merit. Technological collaboration with external research 
communities and partners is encouraged and coordinated 
through the department with technical and scientific experts. 
The Company-wide integration of R&T technology and alignment 
with institutional research partners is achieved through cross-
portfolio technology planning and roadmapping, giving an 
exhaustive view of technology targets and investments. In 
addition, Company-wide engagement for joint funding with 
public agencies is achieved through a common R&T Funding 
contract management.
Airbus Canada, Regional Aircraft, 
Aerostructures, Seats, Aircraft 
Conversion
Airbus Canada Limited Partnership
Airbus Canada Limited Partnership (“ Airbus Canada”) has been 
established on 1 July 2018 following the transaction between 
Airbus, Bombardier and Investment Quebec. In February 2020, 
Bombardier exited the partnership. At the end of 2022, the 
Airbus Canada shareholding structure was 75% Airbus and 
25% Investment in Quebec.
Airbus Canada has developed a family of all-new design 
efficient aircraft with two products: the A220-100 and the 
A220-300. The A220-100 is a solution for opening new routes 
with urban and challenging operations. The A220-100 has 
typical seating between 100 and 120 passengers and a range 
of approximately 6,670km. The A220-300 is well suited to be 
one of the best network feeders. The A220-300 has typical 
seating between 120 and 150 passengers and a range of 
approximately 6,300km. Both aircraft deliver 25% lower fuel 
burn per seat than previous generation aircraft, half the noise 
footprint, and decreased emissions. In addition to the airliner 
versions, in 2020 Airbus Canada launched the ACJ TwoTwenty, 
creating a new business jet market segment by offering an 
intercontinental capability of over 12 hours flight duration with 
unmatched personal space and comfort.
In 2022, Airbus Canada has delivered 53 aircraft (compared 
to 50 aircraft in 2021) and has a backlog of 527 aircraft as of 
December 2022. Through the end of December 2022, 246 A220 
have been delivered.
Industrial Footprint . A220 has two final assembly lines, one in 
Mirabel and one in Mobile. In 2022, the Mirabel A220 site was 
expanded with the addition of a sub-assembly area, known as 
a pre-final assembly line (pre-FAL).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 43:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
43Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
ATR
ATR (Avions de Transport Régional) is a world leader in the 
market for regional aircraft up to 90 seats. Its aircraft has over 
200 operators in more than 100 countries. ATR is an equal 
partnership between Airbus and Leonardo, with Airbus’ 50% 
share managed by Airbus ATR organisation. Headquartered 
in Toulouse, ATR employs about 1,210 people. Since the start 
of the programme in 1981, ATR has registered net orders for 
1,784 aircraft (516 ATR 42s and 1,268 ATR 72s).
In 2022, following the impact of the coronavirus crisis on ATR 
customers’ markets, ATR delivered 25 new aircraft (compared 
to 31 in 2021) and recorded net firm orders for 13 new aircraft 
(compared to 22 in 2021). As of 31 December 2022, ATR had 
a backlog of 138 aircraft (compared to 167 in 2021).
By the end of 2022, ATR has delivered 1,646 aircraft.
Products and Services
ATR 42 and ATR 72.  ATR has developed a family of high-
wing, twin turboprop aircraft in the 30- to 78-seat market 
which comprises the ATR 42 and ATR 72, designed for optimal 
efficiency, operational flexibility and comfort. Like Airbus, the 
ATR range is based on the family concept, which provides for 
savings in training, maintenance operations, spare parts supply 
and cross-crew qualification. The ATR 72-600 is the lowest seat 
per mile cost aircraft on the 70 seat segment.
In 2020, the ATR72 freighter was developed, since then ATR 
achieved the delivery of 11 ATR 72-600F to FedEx Express (one 
in 2020, five in 2021 and five in 2022).
Finally, the Company’s aircraft family is being extended with 
the development of the 42-600S. With the “S” representing 
Short Take-Off and Landing (STOL), this new version of the 
ATR 42-600 offers take-off and landing capabilities on runways 
as short as 800m with 40 passengers on board in standard 
flight conditions.
Customer service.  ATR has established a worldwide customer 
support organisation committed to supporting aircraft over 
their service life. Service and training centres and spare parts 
warehouses are located in Toulouse, Paris, Miami, Singapore, 
Bangalore, Auckland, Sao Paulo and Johannesburg. ATR 
worldwide presence also includes representative offices in 
Beijing and Tokyo.
ATR Asset Management addresses the market for second-hand 
aircraft by assisting in the placement and financing of used and 
end-of-lease aircraft.
Production
The ATR fuselage is produced in Naples, Italy, and ATR 
wings are manufactured in Merignac near Bordeaux, France. 
Final assembly takes place in Saint Martin near Toulouse on 
the Airbus commercial aircraft production site. Flight-testing, 
certification and deliveries also occur in Toulouse. ATR 
outsources certain areas of responsibility to Airbus, such as 
wing design and manufacturing, flight-testing and information 
technology.
Airbus Atlantic
As of 1  January 2022, Airbus Atlantic is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Airbus, gathering resources and means of Airbus 
Nantes and Montoir-de-Bretagne plants, and STELIA Aerospace 
sites worldwide.
Counting more than 13,000 employees in five countries and 
three continents, including 10,000 employees in France and 
3,000 worldwide (Canada, Tunisia, Morocco and Portugal), 
Airbus Atlantic is the new world n°2 player in aerostructures 
market, n°1 in pilot seats and ranks in the top 3 for premium 
passenger seat marketed under the STELIA Aerospace brand.
Positioned at the heart of Airbus industrial system, Airbus 
Atlantic aims at delivering state-of-the-art quality and operational 
excellence to Airbus and to aircraft manufacturers such as 
Dassault Aviation, Bombardier and ATR, as well as to worldwide 
airlines with its premium passenger seat range.
Airbus Atlantic is an essential part of Airbus’s value chain and 
plays a key-role in the whole aerostructures’ supply-chain with 
more than 500 suppliers on flying products and more than 2,000 
on general procurement products.
Relying on its aerostructure, cabin interior and pilot seat divisions:
 – Airbus Atlantic has a wide range of metallic and composite 
aerostructure capabilities, from Build-to-Print to Design & 
Build solutions;
 – Airbus Atlantic is one of the few companies in the world able 
to deliver complete and fully equipped and tested aircraft 
sections (“Plug & Fly”), integrating hydraulic and electric 
systems;
 – Airbus Atlantic designs and manufactures luxury First Class 
and Business Seats for more than 50 airlines in the world 
including Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines, China Airlines, Air 
France or Etihad Airways;
 – Airbus Atlantic provides pilot seats, and offers support from 
design to production, including after-sales service;
 – Airbus Atlantic’s mission is to drive competitiveness with 
the flexibility, speed, simplicity and agility of an aerostructure 
Tier-1.
The creation of Airbus Atlantic is a strategic project for Airbus, 
contributing to its purpose to pioneer sustainable aerospace for 
a safe and united world.
Airbus Aerostructures and Premium 
Aerotec Industry
The two Aerostructures Assembly companies Airbus 
Aerostructures and Airbus Atlantic are created inside the Airbus 
industrial system. The Airbus Aerostructures organisation is 
leveraging the Company’s competencies globally, keeping 
strategic flexibility for resource allocation, building an 
international company culture. The organisation of Airbus 
Aerostructures serves the Company’s strategy, as set out by 
the Executive Committee and agreed with its shareholders.
Remaining detailed parts activities are concentrated under 
Premium AEROTEC Industry inside Premium Aerotec GmbH 
which became the body for the new holding structure in 
Germany with two companies, Airbus Operations GmbH and 
Airbus Aerostructures GmbH. Premium AEROTEC GmbH 
is planned to be renamed Airbus GmbH in the first half of 
2023. There will be a review with regards to the possible 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 44:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
44 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
legal integration of Premium AEROTEC Industry into Airbus 
Aerostructures in 2025.
Airbus Aerostructures is a 100 percent owned Airbus subsidiary. 
Formal governance bodies and regular management meetings 
between both ensures business coordination. The company is 
an integrator for the commercial aircraft parts management. 
Airbus Aerostructures stands for highly efficient and sustainable 
aircraft production. With around 10,000 employees, Airbus 
Aerostructures combines technology and innovation leadership 
to pioneering efficient and sustainable aircraft production and 
to make zero-emission flight a reality. Airbus Aerostructures 
includes four production sites in Germany: the headquarters 
in Hamburg with three other plants in Nordenham, Bremen 
and Stade where work goes on today on the aerostructures 
of tomorrow’s aircraft.
Premium AEROTEC Industry delivers commercial and 
military aircraft structures and detail parts and is a partner 
in the major European international aerospace programmes. 
Premium AEROTEC Industry counts about 4,000 employees 
at various sites in Germany and Romania. Premium AEROTEC 
Industry is represented by its products in all Airbus commercial 
aircraft programmes. The current military programmes include 
the Eurofighter “Typhoon” and the military transport aircraft 
A400M. Premium AEROTEC Industry plays a significant 
role within new concepts regarding metallic and composite 
aerostructure activities or 3D-printing of aircraft components 
made of titanium or aluminium.
Elbe Flugzeugwerke GmbH – EFW
EFW combines various aviation and technology activities 
under a single roof: development and manufacturing of flat 
fibre-reinforced composite components for structures and 
interiors, the conversion of passenger aircraft into freighter 
configuration, maintenance and repair of Airbus commercial 
aircraft as well as engineering services in the context of 
certification and approval.
On 17 June 2015, Airbus signed an agreement with Singapore-
based ST Aerospace Ltd. (STA) to offer passenger-to-freighter 
(P2F) conversion solutions for its A320 and A321 aircraft. STA 
acquired an additional 20% of the shares of EFW, Dresden 
(Germany) by way of a contribution in kind and a capital 
increase to EFW. The transaction closed on 4 January 2016. 
Consequently, 45% of the shares of EFW were retained and 
Airbus effectively lost its control over EFW (previously reported 
in Airbus).
EFW has been the excellence center for Airbus conversions 
for more than 25 years and re-delivered 200 converted aircraft 
of the first Airbus conversion programme (A300/A310) to over 
40 customers worldwide, thereof the largest Express carriers in 
North America and Europe but also renowned General Freight 
and Combination Carriers.
Based on the latest freighter conversion programmes, 
the A330P2F, A321P2F and A320P2F, EFW is driving the 
development of the Airbus freighter family.
By the end of 2022, in total 22 A330P2F have been re-delivered, 
after a modest start of this programme, the customer demand 
for conversions of this wide body aircraft increased remarkably 
during 2021 and over the past year, and has been superseding 
by end of 2022 the conversion requests concerning the latest 
single aisle programme of A321P2F & A320P2F which was 
entering the market back in 2020.
After achieving the STC for the A321P2F in February 2020, the 
FAA certification in July 2020, the world’s first A321P2F aircraft 
has been delivered in September 2020 to launch customer 
Vallair entering into service in October of that year and is since 
than operated by Qantas for Australia Post.
In 2022, nine further A321P2F and the first A320P2F have been 
re-delivered.
By the end of 2022 EFW had secured well above 90 A321P2F 
and above 100 A330P2F orders.
EFW is increasing the conversion capacity such that it is 
possible to induct over 60 aircraft (approximately 30 A330s and 
A321s) for conversions per year for the Airbus P2F programmes 
by 2024 meaning to treble capacity compared to 2021.
1.1.3 Helicopters
Airbus Helicopters is a global leader in the civil and military 
rotorcraft market, offering one of the most complete and modern 
range of helicopters and related services. This product range 
currently includes intermediate single-engine, light twin-engine, 
medium and medium-heavy rotorcraft, which are adaptable 
to all kinds of mission types based on customer needs. See 
“– 1.1.1 Overview” for an introduction to Airbus Helicopters.
Ambition & Strategy
Airbus Helicopters continues to execute its ambition to lead 
helicopters and pioneer new VTOLs for a sustainable future.
The strategic priorities of Airbus Helicopters are:
 – Customer Loyalty: Airbus Helicopters continues to deliver the 
best-in-class products and services to grow in the value chain 
of its customers, continuously improve customer satisfaction 
and speed up digital and technological transformation of 
service offering;
 – Innovation & Sustainability:  Airbus Helicopters continues 
to build a sustainable innovative eco-system, mature techno-
bricks for multiple platforms, develop collaborative innovations 
for eVTOL and deploy demonstrators and disruptive concepts;
 – Defence & Security:  Airbus Helicopters continues to act as 
a global defence & security leader through a robust military 
strategy product policy, as a preferred partner to home 
countries, reinforcing military programmes’ attractiveness 
to address new markets and seizing sales campaigns 
opportunities to continuously grow its military market share.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 45:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
45Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Transformation
The Company remains focused on aviation safety, quality and 
also on performance with lead time reduction to continuously 
improve customer satisfaction.
Airbus Helicopters continues to refine and execute its 
transformation plan in order to be sustainably performant 
and agile to maintain its competitiveness in the face of market 
evolutions, inflation and retain its ability to invest in the future.
Airbus Helicopters continues to deploy data governance 
and accelerate its digital transformation based on standard 
capabilities to deliver digital continuity for integrated data-driven 
processes.
Commitment to Innovation
In 2022, Airbus continued to invest in product development for 
both the civil and military markets. The H160 entered into service 
in Japan, Brazil, and in France and with orders from all major 
mission segments, including the French version of the H160M, 
the helicopter’s complete portfolio of mission capabilities are 
currently in development. On the military side, the Company has 
focused on the development of the H175M and expanding the 
mission capabilities of the H145M, notably in the field of manned-
unmanned teaming (MUM-T). This technology allows unmanned 
platforms to be operated from a piloted helicopter. Airbus has 
developed a solution for this task and has demonstrated its 
capabilities with unmanned rotor and fixed wing vehicles of 
different shapes, sizes, and from different manufacturers. 
Important goals in the last two years were to reduce the crew’s 
workload (focus on keeping the “original” crew-concept with 
two members) and assure that the communication with different 
kinds of datalinks between the helicopter and the UAV can be 
realised. The technology has reached a level of maturity where 
it can be offered to military and parapublic customers.
Another major development launch for Airbus Helicopters came 
with the Tiger MkIII contract signed by France and Spain. The 
new standard for the attack helicopter will allow the helicopter to 
be upgraded in order to be connected to the digital battlefield, 
enabling it to perform manned-unmanned teaming as well as 
share tactical information in real time. It will also provide an 
unrivalled range of weapons (turret gun, laser-guided rockets 
and missiles) and renewed detection and targeting capabilities. 
The integration of state-of-the art avionics, which will also equip 
the H160M, will reduce the crew’s workload and enable them to 
be fully focused on mission execution.
In June 2022, Airbus Helicopters was named coordinator of the 
“EU Next Generation Rotorcraft Technologies Project” (ENGRT) 
funded by the European Defense Fund (European Defence Fund 
2021 Calls for Proposals). ENGRT will pave the way for the next 
generation of military rotorcraft in Europe. ENGRT is a Research 
and Technology project, the first phase will focus on the concept 
of operations with battlefield simulations. Concept studies 
and pre-design of alternative rotorcraft platforms will also be 
performed. The contract was officially signed in December 2022 
and work kicked off right away. Seven nations are directly involved 
in the project: France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Greece, Finland and 
the Netherlands. Other nations are indirectly involved through a 
participation of their industry: Sweden, Romania and Norway.
Airbus also furthered the development of its own unmanned aerial 
system (UAS), the VSR700, which began trialling autonomous 
take-off and landing capabilities at sea. Trials were conducted 
using an optionally piloted vehicle (OPV) based on a modified 
Guimbal Cabri G2 equipped with the autonomous take-off and 
landing (ATOL) system developed for the VSR700. At the end 
of the year, the UAS began flight testing over sea, a key step in 
preparing its upcoming demonstration onboard a French Navy 
frigate.
Airbus Helicopters continued to make inroads on its 
decarbonisation roadmap which is based on a threefold 
approach using SAF, hybridisation, and electrification.
The Company continued to lead a SAF user group for its 
helicopter operators and industry partners as well as using SAF 
for its own training and flight tests in France and Germany. It 
performed the first flight of a helicopter, an H225, powered solely 
by SAF on both engines in the first half of the year.
At the Airbus Summit, Airbus presented a new demonstrator, the 
DisruptiveLab, aimed at testing technologies that could reduce 
CO2  emissions by as much as 50%. Joining the FlightLab and 
Racer which performed its power on at the end of the year, the 
trifecta of demonstrators illustrate Airbus’ R&T strategy to take 
technologies to a higher technology readiness level in order to 
optimise subsequent development cycles.
The DisruptiveLab will evaluate a new aerodynamic architecture 
intended to reduce fuel consumption, as well as pursuing the 
implementation of hybridisation with a fully parallel hybrid 
propulsion system that enables the battery to be recharged 
in-flight. The new architecture of the DisruptiveLab features an 
aerodynamic aluminium and composite fuselage, specifically 
designed to reduce drag and thus reduce fuel consumption. The 
blades are integrated into the rotor in a way that allows for a more 
compact rotor head which reduces drag and therefore improves 
energy efficiency while lowering the perceived noise level. Its 
lighter rear fuselage incorporates a streamlined Fenestron tail 
rotor that also contributes to improved performance.
The DisruptiveLab demonstrator is part of the French Council 
for Civil Aviation Research Conseil (CORAC)’s roadmap and 
has been partly financed by the French Civil Aviation Authority 
(“DGAC”) in the frame of the French Stimulus plan, which is 
part of the European Plan, Next Generation EU, and the France 
2030 plan.
In 2022, the Company also made significant progress on the 
development of its fully electric vertical take-off and landing 
prototype, CityAirbus NextGen. Airbus selected all of its partners 
for the structural features of the aircraft, joining forces with Spirit 
Aerosystems to produce CityAirbus NextGen’s wings, MagicAll 
to provide its electrical power distribution units, as well as KLK 
Motorsport and Gerg GmbH, who will supply the prototype’s rear 
structure. This secures all necessary partners for the prototype. 
The Company is now preparing the next phase of CityAirbus 
NextGen’s, which will make full use of its brand new advanced 
air mobility (AAM) dedicated test centre, currently in construction 
at the site in Donauwoerth.
Beyond the vehicle, Airbus set up the first ever working 
ecosystem of its kind in Germany, with the Air Mobility Initiative, 
that gathers more than 30 industrial and institutional partners 
to look at advanced air mobility through the aircraft, airspace 
management and infrastructure lenses. By ramping up efforts 
to create comprehensive ecosystems to support air mobility 
services, Airbus is making sure that the first feeder cases that 
are foreseen with CityAirbus NextGen are tailored to meet 
communities’ needs, from essential missions in the medical 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 46:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
46 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
services sector, to passenger transport shuttles to ecotourism 
activities. Last year, this expertise was extended to a global 
level, by partnering with major aircraft and helicopter operators 
such as Ecocopter, ITA Airways and Hiratagakuen, across Latin 
America, Asia Pacific and Europe.
Focusing on Customers
Airbus Helicopters’ top priority from a customer support and 
service perspective is to ensure its work results in the best 
customer experience possible, including fleet availability. The 
addition of ZF Luftfahrttechnik to Airbus Helicopters’ portfolio 
at the end of 2022 is a prime example of how the Company is 
broadening its range of MRO capabilities, securing additional 
competences in the area of dynamic systems notably for the 
H135, H145, and Tiger programmes, and strengthening its 
service offering for customers including key partners like the 
German Bundeswehr.
2022 saw the Division continue its work on customer centric 
solutions that cater to individual customers’ needs by launching 
a new HCare offer designed to provide customers with the 
best combination of services according to their profile and fleet 
make-up.
Simplified to just three flexible solutions, HCare is now composed 
of HCare Initial, HCare In-service, or a combination of the two, 
HCare Lifetime. For each, customers can opt for one out of 
three levels of material management performance. Still available 
for specific fleets will be the HCare First package for Airbus 
Corporate Helicopters (ACH) aircraft and HCare Classics for 
the out-of-production legacy fleet (H120, Dauphin, Puma and 
Gazelle).
HCare Initial is tailored for customers starting operations with a 
new Airbus helicopter or taking delivery of a new aircraft type in 
their fleet. It provides the best set of services for a successful entry 
into service. HCare In-service is for customers already operating 
an Airbus helicopter type. Matching services to operators’ needs, 
it optimises the aircraft’s maintenance, health and usage, and 
longevity. HCare Lifetime is for operators opting for an end-
to-end package and long-term collaboration with Airbus, from 
entry into service up to the aircraft’s end of life. This global 
support contract aims to maximise the aircraft’s performance 
and sustained value over time, while enhancing safety and 
providing successive, sustained support. Customers receive 
daily care and accompaniment at all steps of their operations.
For the material management portion of each contract, 
customers select the commitment level. Guaranteed repair 
secures R&O Turn-Around-Times by contract to improve 
maintenance planning with flexible payment conditions. By-
the-hour offers a smooth distribution of expenses and budget 
anticipation. By-event requires payment at the time of the repair 
or the overhaul. Part availability commits Airbus Helicopters on 
parts delivery lead times while giving the operator a precise view 
of the necessary maintenance budget; for current customers, 
it resembles the by-the-hour contracts many are familiar with 
covering scheduled and unscheduled maintenance events. The 
part availability solution is built upon fixed hourly rate payments 
to make maintenance expenses predictable. Fleet availability, 
the third level of commitment, augments part availability with 
maintenance delegated to Airbus for optimal aircraft availability, 
based on fixed hourly and monthly rates.
Global support contracts met with continued success in 2022 
both on the civil and military markets. On the military side, Airbus 
signed a Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) contract, the largest 
helicopter performance-based support contract ever managed 
by Airbus, with the US Army to provide spare parts, material, and 
engineering support for the Army’s entire UH-72A and UH-72B 
Lakota fleet of 482 utility and training helicopters. The Company, 
as part of NHIndustries, also signed an innovative NH90 
Operational Support (NOS) contract, which will be performance 
based, and will see both France and Germany delegating a major 
part of their logistics and maintenance activity to NHIndustries, 
enabling them to focus on their operations.
On the civil side, highlights include The Helicopter Company 
signing for an HCare In-Service contract to cover their fleet of 20 
five-bladed H145 helicopters as well as an additional In-Service 
contract for their six ACH160s.
Aviation Safety
Airbus Helicopters’ chief priority is to enhance aviation safety 
for the thousands of men and women around the world who are 
transported in its aircraft every day. Airbus Helicopters’ ambition 
is to further reduce the accident rate by of the Airbus helicopter 
fleet in service. Airbus Helicopters also aims to be a leader in 
aviation safety.
In order to achieve these goals, Airbus Helicopters strives to:
 – define and develop new safety measures and initiatives to 
support the operations of its customers;
 – continue to mature the company-wide global aviation Safety 
Management System (SMS).
This commitment to aviation safety is also reflected across all 
the internal activities related to the lifecycle of a helicopter, with 
a focus on meeting industry quality and safety standards, and 
going beyond when applicable. All this is based on continuously 
enhancing the strong safety culture in the Company.
Market Drivers
According to market forecasts produced by Airbus Helicopters, 
around 20,000 civil helicopters and 14,000 military helicopters 
are expected to be built globally over the next 20 years.
The helicopter market started to recover in 2021 but 2022 
brought a year of multiple disruptions, including high inflation 
and the appreciation of the US dollar, and the war in Ukraine 
impacted the availability of goods, materials and energy supplies.
Due to its existing mission segment diversity, the helicopter 
market (both platforms and services activities) is expected to 
be resilient through the coming decade, but is expected to 
remain challenging due to persistent economic uncertainties 
lengthening the sales cycle in particular in parapublic and military 
(budget allocation postponement or reduction) and delayed 
growth of emerging markets (especially in Asia).
Helicopters sold in the civil and parapublic sector, where Airbus 
Helicopters is a leader, provide transport for private owners 
and corporate executives, offshore oil operations, diverse 
commercial applications and state agencies, including coast 
guard, police, medical and fire-fighting services. The civil and 
parapublic market has seen a good recovery from the COVID-19 
pandemic reaching almost at pre-pandemic levels, even though 
it has not yet completely recovered (584 units and € 2.6 billion in 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 47:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
47Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
bookings). The market is driven by a private and business aviation 
(“PBA”) increase and a stable Aerial work mission segment. 
The Energy segment is also showing the first signs of rebound.
Airbus Helicopters expects the civil and parapublic market to 
remain challenging in the short-term but believes that the demand 
over the next 20 years will be driven by large replacement needs 
from advanced economies and by growth from emerging 
countries (especially in Asia still largely under equipped).
Airbus Helicopters’ preliminary market data indicates that in 2022, 
worldwide deliveries of civil and parapublic turbine helicopters of 
five seats and above stood at 482 units (486 in 2021).
Demand for military helicopters and related services is mainly 
driven by budgetary and strategic considerations, and the 
need to replace ageing fleets. Airbus Helicopters believes that 
the advanced age of current fleets, the emergence of a new 
generation of helicopters equipped with integrated systems and 
the ongoing introduction of combat helicopters into many national 
armed forces will contribute to increased military helicopter 
procurement in the medium term. Nevertheless, demand from 
the military sector has historically been subject to large year-
to-year variations due to evolving strategic considerations, 
and may be limited, due to budgetary constraints on public 
spending in some regions like Western Europe and Middle 
East, while other regions like Asia Pacific or Eastern Europe 
are expected to continue to grow. The military market has 
shown a rebound in units in 2022, but the increased economic 
difficulties, the saturation of the Western countries markets, as 
well as priorities given to operational needs (e.g., spare parts, 
availability improvement), have resulted again in a low military 
market in 2022. With 498 units booked (€ 7.9 billion), the military 
market continues to experience lower bookings than before the 
COVID-19 pandemic. According to Airbus Helicopters’ market 
data, worldwide deliveries of military turbine helicopters has 
reached 492 units in 2022.
Competition
Airbus Helicopters’ primary competitors in the civil and parapublic 
sector are Leonardo and Bell.
The civil and parapublic sector has seen more local competitors 
in recent years (China, India, Japan, South Korea and Turkey). 
Airbus Helicopters has maintained its leading market share in a 
less dynamic market, with 55% in units booked in 2022, followed 
by Bell and Leonardo with respectively 16% and 12%.
Airbus Helicopters’ main competitors in the military sector 
remain Sikorsky, Boeing and (now to a lesser extent) Russian 
Helicopters, due to large captive markets and strong political 
support for export, and also Leonardo, especially in terms of 
value.
The military sector is highly competitive and is characterised 
by major restrictions on foreign manufacturers’ access to the 
domestic defence bidding process (i.e. US, China and Russia). 
Airbus Helicopters’ performance on the Military market was 
boosted by the Tiger MkIII upgrade bookings in France and 
Spain reaching a 18% booking share in units. The Division will 
continue to focus on large military campaigns in 2023.
Customers
More than 3,100 operators currently fly Airbus Helicopters’ 
rotorcraft in over 150 countries. Airbus Helicopters’ principal 
military clients are Ministries of Defence (“MoDs”) in Europe, 
Asia, the US and Latin America. In the civil and parapublic sector, 
Airbus Helicopters has a leading market share in Europe, the 
Americas and Asia-Pacific.
With 52% of the worldwide market share-based on deliveries in 
2022, the versatility and reliability of Airbus Helicopters products 
have made them the preferred choice of the most prominent 
civil and parapublic customers (turbine helicopters of five seats 
and above).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 48:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
48 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Civil Range
Airbus Helicopters’ civil range includes intermediate single-
engine, light twin-engine, medium and medium-heavy 
helicopters, which are adaptable to all mission types based on 
customer needs. To maintain and strengthen its competitive 
edge in the civil sector, Airbus Helicopters invests in R&D 
investments, notably:
 – certification of the H160 by EASA in July 2020;
 – improvement of the existing range ( i.e. H145 certified by 
EASA and FAA in 2020 or the increased H125 performance 
certified in 2021 by EASA and FAA) in the field of 
performances and safety in order to meet customer’s 
requirements;
 – preparing the future H generation with major upgrades 
and new products pursuing a fast-paced product range 
renewal.
Military Range
Airbus Helicopters’ military range comprises platforms 
derived from its commercial range (such as the H145M and 
H225M respectively derived from the H145 and H225) as well 
as purely military platforms developed for armed forces (the 
NH90 and the Tiger).
Designed for modern multi-mission capabilities and cost 
effectiveness throughout its lifecycle, the NH90 has been 
developed as a multi-role helicopter for both tactical transport 
(TTH) and naval (NFH) applications. The programme, mainly 
financed by the governments of France, Germany, Italy 
and the Netherlands, has been jointly developed by Airbus 
Helicopters, Leonardo of Italy and Fokker Services of the 
Netherlands as joint partners in NATO Helicopter Industries 
(NHI) in direct proportion to their countries’ expressed 
procurement commitments. Airbus Helicopters’ share of 
NHI is 62.5%. There were 28 NH90 deliveries in 2022, for a 
cumulative total of 496 deliveries as of the end of 2022. The 
NH90 fleet has accumulated ~370,000 flight hours.
On the Combat segment the Mark3 upgrade of the Tiger 
helicopter will introduce state of the art mission systems, 
including manned-unmanned teaming, new avionics and next 
generation of weapons (anti tank / air to ground missile, 
laser guided rockets) in order to address future requirements 
of the French and Spanish armies. A cumulative total of 
185 Tigers have been delivered by year-end. The Tiger fleet 
has accumulated more than ~170,000 flight hours.
Airbus is also a major contractor to the US Army, having been 
chosen to supply the service’s UH-72A & UH-72B Lakota 
helicopter. 13 UH-72B were delivered in 2022, for a cumulative 
Products and Services
Airbus Helicopters offers a complete range of helicopters that covers nearly the entire civil and military market spectrum, which it 
continuously improves with leading-edge technologies. This product range includes single-engine, light twin-engine, medium and 
medium-heavy helicopters, and is based on a series of new-generation platforms designed to be adaptable to both military and 
civil applications. In addition, products share multiple technical features as part of a family concept approach.
The following table sets forth Airbus Helicopters’ existing product line, consisting of optimised products for different mission types:
Helicopter Type Primary Missions
Single Engine (“Écureuil” family)
H125 “Écureuil” / H125M “Fennec” Public Services (1) , Military Utility  & Armed Reconnaissance,  
Private & Business Aviation, Commercial Pax Transport & Aerial Work
H130 Commercial Pax Transport & Multipurpose, Emergency Medical,  
Tourism, Private & Business Aviation
Light Twin Engine
H135 / H135M Private & Business Aviation, Military Utility & Armed Reconnaissance,  
Emergency Medical, Public Services (1)
H145 / LUH (UH-72) / H145M Private & Business Aviation, Military Utility , Emergency Medical, Public Services (1)
Medium and Super Medium
H160 / H160M Oil & Gas, Public Services (1) , Private & Business Aviation, Emergency Medical,  
Military Utility & Transport, Special Operations, Naval
H175 / H175M Oil & Gas, SAR, Public Services (1) , Private & Business Aviation,  
Emergency Medical, Military Utility & Transport, Special Operations
Heavy
H215 “Super Puma” / H215M “Cougar” Civil Utility (2) , Military Transport / SAR, Oil & Gas
H225 / H225M SAR, Combat-SAR, Military Transport, Oil & Gas, Private & Business Aviation, Public Services (1)
NH90 (TTH / NFH) SAR, Military Transport, Naval
Attack
Tiger Combat, Armed Reconnaissance / Escort
(1) Public Services includes homeland security, law enforcement, fire-fighting, border patrol, coast guard and public agency emergency medical services.
(2) Civil Utility includes different kinds of commercial activities such as aerial works, electrical new gathering (ENG), passenger and cargo transport.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 49:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
49Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
total of 497 (479 UH-72A & 18 UH-72B) deliveries to the US 
Department of Defense for operation by US Army and Army 
National Guard units, the Navy and foreign military sales 
buyers.
Customer Services
With more than 3,100  operators in over 150  countries, 
Airbus Helicopters has a large fleet of more than 12,000 in-
service rotorcraft to support. As a result, customer service 
activities to support this large fleet generated 45% of Airbus 
Helicopters’ revenues for 2022.
Airbus Helicopters’ customer service activities consist 
primarily of maintenance, repairs, spare parts supply, training 
and technical support. In order to provide efficient worldwide 
service, Airbus Helicopters has established an international 
network of subsidiaries, authorised distributors and service 
centres.
Operations Strategy
The roll-out of the new industrial model for Operations 
based on site specialisation, the introduction of an improved 
industrial architecture and the progressive deployment of 
flexible lines is almost complete.
The last internal transfer of activity in the context of the site 
specialisation is ongoing. By concentrating the production 
sites in specific helicopter sections or technologies, the 
competitiveness of our operations will be boosted and the 
overall performance significantly increased, while improving 
the factories’ resilience to market fluctuations through the 
contribution of each site to the entire product range.
Alongside the site specialisation, the introduction of an 
improved industrial architecture is deployed, with major sub-
assemblies produced, assembled and tested in parallel, thus 
shortening the industrial cycle. The reduction of the lead-time, 
in particular in the final assembly lines, will decrease the 
inventories and shorten the delivery time to our customers. 
Also, the ability to adapt quickly to market evolutions is key. 
The flexibility of the production lines to assemble different 
products is being developed to adjust the industrial system 
in a rapid manner to changing market requirements.
A further key element of the Operations strategy is the 
enhancement of the logistic set-up supporting the new 
industrial model. 2023 will be marked by the entry into 
service of the “one log” hub in Albacete, Spain. The hub will 
enable the rationalisation of the logistic flows, moving from 
a “point to point” concept with spread flows, to a global 
logistics approach that will contribute to the competitiveness 
of operations.
In parallel to the new improved industrial set-up, the 
Operations organisation is increasing the focus on the 
quality and the operational performance in key helicopter 
components through the Centres of Excellence, for example 
Rotors and Transmissions. The Centres of Excellence will 
federate all departments in the Helicopters organisation 
– from Engineering, through Procurement & Supply chain, 
Quality and Production – to deliver best in class safety, quality 
and performance.
The global industrial footprint of Airbus Helicopters continues 
to be developed to improve our product cost in the “make” 
perimeter and provide opportunities for the rationalisation 
of our supply base. While keeping more complex activities 
in the main sites in France, Germany and Spain, simpler 
work packages are allocated to the Divisions’ sites in “best 
cost countries”. In 2023, the facility in Querétaro, Mexico, 
specialised in aluminum machined parts, will increase their 
workload. Additionally, the Division’s new facility in Gyula, 
Hungary, inaugurated in 2022 and specialised in hard metals 
machining, will deliver its first parts in 2023.
Simultaneously to our internal industrial system 
competitiveness, the Operations strategy keeps a strong 
focus on the extended enterprise. Since the pandemic, the 
supply chain monitoring and risk management has been 
strengthened, increasing the capacity to anticipate and 
mitigate potential disruptions and secure business continuity. 
The sourcing strategy is being implemented, reshaping 
our supply base to secure its current and future industrial 
performance, competitiveness and maturity, as an essential 
part of the overall Helicopters industrial ecosystem.
Reducing the environmental footprint of the industrial 
activities is a paramount axis of the Operations strategy. 
Numerous projects supported by important investments are 
being developed in all the sites, focusing on the reduction of 
our CO2  and VOC emissions, energy and water consumption 
and also in the generation of waste.
Finally, the Operations strategy is paying a special attention 
to preparing the future of the factories, industrial processes 
and systems. In particular, the ongoing digital transformation 
programmes will redefine the industrialisation and production 
of our helicopters, enabling a major reduction of our 
industrialisation cycles, raising our efficiency, setting a new 
standard of quality while safeguarding our Cybersecurity.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 50:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
50 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.1.4 Defence and Space
Airbus Defence and Space is a reliable partner to commercial 
and governmental customers worldwide, whose products and 
services ensure mission success across Air, Land, Sea, Space 
and Cyber domains:
 – Military Air Systems (1 )  designs, develops, delivers and 
supports manned and unmanned military air systems and 
services. It is the leading fixed-wing military aircraft supplier 
in Europe, and one of the market leaders for combat, mission, 
transport and tanker aircraft worldwide. Key products include 
the Eurofighter Typhoon, the A400M, the A330 Multi Role 
Tanker Transport (“MRTT”), the C295 and the Eurodrone. 
Additionally, focusing on the future of air power, Military Air 
Systems is leading the development of the system of systems 
environment, of which the Future Combat Air System (“ FCAS”) 
is a cornerstone;
 – Space Systems  covers a broad range of civil and military 
space offerings. Its satellite solutions for telecommunications, 
earth observation, navigation and science include spacecraft, 
ground segments and payloads for institutional and commercial 
customers. It also manufactures orbital and space exploration 
systems. Space transportation capabilities (comprising 
launchers and services) are offered via ArianeGroup, a 50/50 
Airbus-Safran joint venture;
 – Connected Intelligence  elaborates specific solutions for 
defence, governmental, civil and commercial customers 
under four main business clusters: Intelligence, Secure 
Communications, Cyber Security and Secure Land 
Communications.
Strategy
The strategic purpose of Airbus Defence and Space is to 
support our customers to defend our democracies, prevent 
crises, protect life and restore damaged communities and 
ecosystems, providing safety and security and respecting the 
highest standards of human rights.
To achieve this, the company is applying its strategy across 
three main segments:
 – Military Air Systems: Airbus Defence and Space is leveraging 
momentum in Franco-German-Spanish cooperation, pursuing 
new European programme opportunities as it works to deliver 
its vision for future air power. Key opportunities include FCAS, 
transport and special mission aircraft, among others. Airbus 
Defence and Space is also working to shape and address 
a future secure, upgradeable, and dynamic network along 
with Command and Control architecture requirements, while 
continuing to evolve existing platforms and capabilities for long 
term competitiveness (e.g. Eurofighter Typhoon, A330 MRTT, 
A400M, C-295, aircraft in service support);
 – Space Systems : As one of Europe’s space leaders, Airbus 
Defence and Space will continue to create more competitive 
products, working with European governments and institutions 
to ensure the long-term health of the entire European space 
industrial base. The company will evolve its product portfolio 
( i.e. equipment, satellites and infrastructure) and take a targeted 
approach to international expansion, with key successes 
already achieved in the US and a growing local footprint. In 
parallel, Airbus Defence and Space is developing end-to-end 
solutions and accelerating new products and services to 
strengthen its position across the space value chain. It is also 
actively working on sustainability solutions, such as climate 
change monitoring and the removal of debris from the space 
environment. For the increasing focus on defence in Space, 
the company is aiming to provide nations with technologies 
for information superiority and in-space operations;
 – Connected Intelligence: Airbus Defence and Space provides 
its defence and security stakeholders with the trusted and 
secured information they need to be “always on” and take 
the right decision, at the right time and the right place. 
Digitalisation is at the heart of platforms and systems of 
systems, and therefore a key enabler to unlocking greater 
value from the company’s portfolio while providing new data-
driven services and business models. The Division continues 
to provide satellite imagery, intelligence capabilities, as well 
as end-to-end secure and cyber resilient connectivity across 
space, terrestrial and maritime domains.
Globally, Airbus Defence and Space intends to leverage its 
existing products and services, innovate in new offerings, and 
strike selected strategic partnerships in order to strengthen its 
position in the US and other targeted international markets.
The company is firmly committed to conducting its business 
based on responsible ethical standards, and in compliance with 
all applicable laws and regulations. This includes the delivery 
of defence products in accordance with governmental Export 
Control laws, which are made in full transparency and alignment 
with authorities and relevant stakeholders. Suppliers must also 
ensure that their business practices are in compliance with 
Export Control laws and regulations including the US, EU and 
any applicable national regulations, as well as compliance with 
sanctions and embargoes legislation. Furthermore, suppliers 
shall provide truthful and accurate export control classification 
and information and obtain export control licences. Human 
rights aspects are already included in the licensing process of 
the authorities, as well as in the company’s internal approval 
processes. Additionally, human rights has been prioritised as 
one of the four commitments of the Airbus sustainability strategy 
and plays a key role in how Airbus Defence and Space conducts 
its operations. The company developed a human rights policy 
and the attention is focused in the first instance on the defence 
portfolio, where a multi-functional and cross-divisional team is 
in charge of reviewing the integration of risk-based human rights 
due diligence through existing processes and tools.
Airbus Defence and Space is not involved in the development, 
production or support of banned weapons and it has in place 
detailed policies and procedures to undertake due diligence on 
the sale of defence products. For further information, see “– 1.2 
Non-Financial Information”.
(1) On 1 April 2022, the Company’s Defence and Space Division began the integration of the programme lines Unmanned Aerial Systems and Military Aircraft into a 
single business line. The name of the new programme line is Military Air Systems. This change will be reflected in the Company’s financial reporting from 2023.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 51:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
51Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Market
Airbus Defence and Space is active in governmental, institutional 
and commercial markets. As a general trend, defence budgets 
are forecasted to grow globally, triggered by geopolitical shifts, 
heightened security risks, intensity of natural disasters, initiatives 
supporting strategic autonomy and continuous development 
of domestic defence industries. Recent examples of these 
developments in Europe include a fourth round of collaborative 
Permanent Structured Cooperation (“ PESCO”) projects, the 
calls for proposal by the European Defence Fund (“ EDF”), 
the Eurodrone contract signature with OCCAR ( Organisation 
Conjointe de Coopération en Matière d'Armement ), and the 
signature of the FCAS Demonstrator Phase 1B. In addition, 
European Union Member States have defined a number of 
projects in the frame of the EU Recovery and Resilience Facility 
(“RRF”) that aim at building and strengthening space capabilities. 
Together, these initiatives provide sales opportunities in Europe 
and beyond.
Market access outside the home countries may be subject to 
restrictions or preconditions such as national content, local 
industrial participation or the provision of export licences. 
Nevertheless, Airbus Defence and Space is well-placed to benefit 
from global growth in defence expenditure.
Military Air Systems
Customers
The Military Air Systems programme line with its combat aircraft, 
military transport mission aircraft and unmanned aerial systems 
(“UAS”), along with related services, mainly supplies the public 
sector, specifically armed forces.
Customer relationships in this segment are characterised by their 
long-term, strategic nature and long decision-making cycles. 
Once a contract is signed, its life span, including the services 
business, often lasts for decades. Beyond a strong foothold 
in home countries, the customer base is increasingly global, 
in particular due to the success of the A330 MRTT and C295 
programmes.
The volatile, uncertain, complex and ambiguous geopolitical 
situation is gradually leading to a greater importance of defence 
in Europe. A clear signal in this direction was the signature of 
FCAS Phase 1A in early 2020 by France and Germany, with 
Spain joining later that year. Over the past three years, FCAS 
has been progressing with the execution and achievement of 
the Joint Concept Study and the Demonstrator Phase 1A which 
lead to the signature of the Common Operational Requirements 
Document (“CORD”) by the three Air Forces in September 2021. 
Most recently, the FCAS Demonstrator Phase 1B was awarded 
to Airbus and its industrial partners ( i.e. Dassault Aviation, Indra, 
Eumet, others), leading to the contract signature on 16 December 
2022, and covering the work on the demonstrator and its 
components for about three and a half years.
Airbus military aircraft such as A400M, MRTT, Eurofighter and 
other manned and unmanned platforms will play key roles in 
the FCAS ecosystem.
There is also notable momentum in Europe for cooperation in 
large UAS programmes as demonstrated by the Eurodrone 
contract signature between Airbus Defence and Space as 
industry prime (in partnership with Leonardo and Dassault), 
and OCCAR on behalf of the nations (Germany, France, Spain 
and Italy) on 24 February 2022. This will lead to the delivery of 
20 Eurodrone systems, along with an initial five-year package 
of in-service support.
Beyond the Eurodrone, Airbus’ unmanned aerial systems help 
solve challenges for commercial, government and military 
customers alike. Institutional and government customers are 
recognising the benefits of UAS for public services. An increasing 
number of applications require UAS solutions in areas such as 
law enforcement, fire-fighting, humanitarian assistance and 
disaster relief, border protection or emergency services. Civil 
and enterprise customer interest for UAS continues to grow, with 
the main focus being on smaller and tactical UAS.
Some customers may find a service and leasing model more 
adapted to their specific needs. UAS services offer further 
growth potential with different levels of flexibility and customer 
involvement. The business encompasses the full set of services 
ranging from logistics, Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul 
(“ MRO”) and data analytics offers, to traditional leasing into 
complete aircraft-as-a-service flight operations.
Competitors
The market for military aircraft is dominated by large- and 
medium- sized American and European companies capable 
of complex system integration. Among the competitive factors 
are affordability, technical and management capability, and the 
ability to develop and implement complex integrated system 
architectures. The required skills for overall systems integration 
into an aircraft are extensive and the number of players in the 
world market is rather limited. In particular, dedicated mission 
aircraft such as the heavy tankers, are derived from existing 
aircraft platforms. Adapting them requires thorough knowledge of 
the basic airframe, which generally only the aircraft manufacturer 
possesses, along with knowledge of systems architecture and 
integration.
The main competitors in the military transport and mission 
aircraft market include Boeing, Dassault Aviation, Embraer, 
Leonardo, Northrop Grumman, Saab, Antonov, and the United 
Aircraft Corporation.
Heavy military transport has historically been driven by US 
policy and budget decisions, therefore has been dominated 
by US manufacturers and split in strategic and tactical aircraft 
segments.
On Combat, Airbus activities take place through the contribution 
to the Eurofighter Typhoon, jointly with BAE Systems and 
Leonardo. The main competitors in the segment include Boeing, 
Dassault Aviation, Lockheed Martin, Saab and UAC.
With regards to UAS platforms, Israeli and US firms are well 
established, with European and Chinese companies gaining in 
relevance. Major competitors include AeroVironment, Baykar 
Technology, Boeing, Elbit Systems, General Atomics, Israel 
Aerospace Industries, Leonardo, Northrop Grumman and Turkish 
Aerospace Industries. The market witnesses the emergence of 
new, smaller, companies worldwide, addressing specific and/
or national requirements. There is room and need for synergies 
and partnerships between smaller and larger UAS companies.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 52:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
52 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Market Trends
The sale of aircraft is expected to remain stable in the transport 
and special mission aircraft segments and could grow for 
the heavy transport segment, where the A400M occupies a 
unique position. In combat, new collaborative programmes are 
underway for the development of new sixth-generation fighters.
After-sales services are an important business for Military Air 
Systems and are continuously growing in line with the deliveries 
of A400M and A330 MRTT, on top of the existing robust revenue 
stream associated with Eurofighter and Tornado in-service 
support.
On the unmanned aerial systems front, while defence will remain 
the largest sector, civil and institutional markets are growing 
steadily, especially in the smaller UAS tactical categories. 
Services verticals will offer increasingly interesting prospects 
as the market evolves. The governmental market especially for 
larger and advanced UAS features strong growth with significant 
opportunities in Europe, the US and Asia Pacific. Small and 
flexible UAS see wide application among armed forces and other 
homeland security agencies alike.
Products and services
FCAS – Future Combat Air System. The FCAS will be a 
system of systems combining a manned New Generation Fighter 
teaming with unmanned Remote Carriers, collaborating with 
upgraded existing and new platforms (e.g. Eurofighter, A400M, 
MRTT, Eurodrone, etc.) orchestrated by a Multi-Domain Combat 
Cloud (“MDCC”).
It will be an incremental journey to allow air forces and industry 
to tackle hand in hand the doctrinal and technological challenges 
lying ahead. As the largest and most ambitious European 
defence development for decades to come, FCAS will be key 
to Europe’s operational, technological and industrial sovereignty. 
FCAS will foster development of new technologies such as 
Artificial Intelligence (“ AI”), cyber, cloud, and drones.
It will deliver increasing operational effects by leveraging the 
collaborative capabilities of all connected platforms across 
domains (air, land sea, space and cyber) bringing the next level 
of air power. FCAS will accentuate and unify multiple areas of 
Airbus Defence and Space portfolio and products.
A400M – Heavy military transport.  The A400M is the most 
capable new generation airlifter on the market today, aiming to 
meet the needs of the armed forces worldwide and potential 
operators for military, humanitarian and peacekeeping missions 
in the twenty-first century. The A400M can perform the job of 
three different types of military transport and tanker aircraft by 
providing different capabilities: tactical (short to medium range 
airlifter capability with short, soft and austere field operating 
performance), strategic transport (longer range missions for 
outsized loads) and tactical tanker.
A total of 178 aircraft have been ordered so far. This includes 
the seven launch customer nations, Belgium, France, Germany, 
Luxembourg, Spain, Turkey, the UK, as well as three export 
customers, Malaysia, Kazakhstan (two aircraft ordered in 2021) 
and Indonesia (two aircraft ordered in 2021, with contract 
enforcement in 2022). Additionally, Indonesia has signed a letter 
of intent in 2021 with an option for four additional units.
Type Certificate and Initial Operating Clearance were achieved 
in 2013. Since then, 115 units have been delivered to eight 
nations as of 31 December 2022. The A400M has already been 
deployed in operations since 2014, accumulating more than 
140,000 flight hours in service. In 2019, a contract amendment 
was signed with launch customers on the Global Rebaselining of 
the A400M programme, under which all parties agreed to update 
the production plan and revise the capability roadmap. NSOC 2.0 
Type Acceptance by customers was achieved in 2020, followed 
by NSOC 2.5 Type acceptance in 2021. The programme is now 
delivering in line with the revised schedule, and moving forward 
towards SOC3 (final development standard).
The aircraft is designed to disrupt the difference between 
strategic and tactical transport by offering both capabilities in 
one. This saves both time and costs as customers can fly a long 
range strategic aircraft into a tactical zone of operation.
A330 MRTT – Multi-role tanker transport. The A330 MRTT, a 
derivative of the Airbus A330-200 family, offers military strategic 
air transport as well as air-to-air refuelling capabilities. Its large 
fuel tank capacity (111t), a benefit of the design of the commercial 
platform, allows it to dispense fuel in flight to many receiver 
aircraft without the need for additional fuel tanks. This allows 
the entire lower deck cargo bay compartment to be available 
for freight (up to 37t), with the possibility to transport up to 
27 standard civil LD3 containers, or up to eight 436L military 
pallets as well as the capacity to transport up to 300 troops 
in the upper deck cabin compartment, with the high level of 
comfort of a civil airliner.
The A330 MRTT is equipped with state of the art refuelling 
systems, including an Aerial Refuelling Boom System (ARBS) and 
under-wing refuelling pods and has demonstrated wet contacts 
with the Automatic Air-To-Air refuelling (A3R) capability, for which 
certification by the Spanish National Institute for Aerospace 
Technology (INTA) was achieved in 2022. At the end of 2022, 67 
A330 MRTT have been ordered by 14 national operators (more 
than 94% market share over the past ten years, excluding the US), 
with 56 platforms already delivered and operating worldwide, 
accumulating more than 250,000 flight hours in operation.
In 2021, the Company answered a formal Request for Information 
for the KC-Y programme of the United States Air Force in 
partnership with Lockheed Martin, aiming at the replacement 
of the US Air Force tankers.
Eurofighter combat aircraft. The Eurofighter multi-role combat 
aircraft (also referred to as Typhoon) has been designed to 
enhance fleet efficiency through a single flying weapon system 
capable of fulfilling both air-to-air and air-to-ground missions.
The Eurofighter Jagdflugzeug GmbH shareholders are Airbus 
Defence and Space (46%), BAE Systems (33%) and Leonardo 
(21%). With regards to series production, the respective 
production work shares of the participating partners within 
the Eurofighter consortium stand at 43% for Airbus Defence 
and Space, 37.5% for BAE Systems and 19.5% for Leonardo.
Airbus Defence and Space develops and manufactures the 
centre fuselage and the right wing and leading edge slats for all 
aircraft, and is in charge of final assembly of aircraft ordered by 
the German, Spanish and Austrian air forces.
At the end of 2022, 680 Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft had been 
ordered by nine customers (UK, Germany, Italy, Spain, Austria, 
Saudi Arabia, Oman, Kuwait and Qatar). This includes the order 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 53:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
53Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
of 38 aircraft from Germany in November 2020, and more 
recently the order of 20 aircraft from Spain in June 2022 to 
replace the ageing fleet of EF-18A Hornets. By the end of 2022 
a total of 584 aircraft were delivered. Export opportunities are 
being actively developed together with the other shareholders 
of the Eurofighter consortium.
C295 –  Light and Medium military transport/mission 
aircraft.  The C295 is the workhorse of tactical military transport, 
conducting logistical missions including the transport and 
delivery of personnel and cargo as well as medical evacuations. 
The aircraft are deployed in demanding operational environments 
and have been used for humanitarian missions. The aircraft are 
also offered as a dedicated mission aircraft with configurations 
beyond the traditional airlifter version, for example maritime 
surveillance and anti-submarine warfare, airborne early warning 
and control, firefighting and Intelligence, Surveillance and 
Reconnaissance (“ISR”), among other missions. In service for 
more than 20 years, this family of aircraft has proven to be robust, 
reliable, high-performing, efficient, flexible, easy to operate in 
any environment, and with low operating costs. 280 orders have 
been recorded for the C295 by 39 operators at the end of 2022, 
including the historical order by the Indian Air Force in 2021 for 
56 C295 to replace their legacy fleet.
In the field of UAS platforms, Airbus Defence and Space is 
active at both product and service level, supplying robust and 
dependable solutions for customers across military, commercial 
and institutional markets. Solutions span from tactical UAS to 
stratospheric solar powered High Altitude Platform Station 
(“HAPS”).
Eurodrone – Medium Altitude Long Endurance Remotely 
Piloted Aircraft System (“MALE RPAS”) is the first unmanned 
aerial system designed for flight in non-segregated airspace. It 
will give Europe its own unparalleled competencies in the field of 
UAS, offering advanced strategic performance capabilities. The 
characteristics will include mission modularity for ISR missions, 
guaranteeing European sovereignty.
As a four-nation project, Eurodrone will strengthen European 
sovereignty by establishing and expanding an independent 
technological base in the field of unmanned aviation. The 
programme between Germany, France, Spain and Italy and 
under the management of the international armaments agency, 
OCCAR promotes European cooperation in the field of security 
and defence and confirms the initiative to increasingly rely on 
multinational armament projects. Development, procurement 
and operation will be carried out jointly, which saves costs and 
increases efficiency.
Eurodrone is designed to become one of the main pillars of any 
future combat air system, prepared for real integration into civil 
airspace based on minimal restrictions and easy transportability 
due to its modular design. The design will offer multi-mission 
capabilities and significant growth potential, for homeland 
operations, Intelligence, Surveillance, Target Acquisition, and 
Reconnaissance (“ISTAR”) and armed ISTAR, which can be 
conducted with full operational sovereignty.
Zephyr – solar-electric stratospheric HAPS  is capable of 
flying continuously for months at a time, at around 70,000ft, 
above weather and conventional air traffic. It remains the only 
fixed-wing HAPS to have demonstrated day/night longevity in 
the stratosphere. It offers a range of continuous surveillance, 
communications and monitoring services for both military 
and civil markets. In January 2023, Airbus HAPS Connectivity 
Solutions Ltd, the company behind Zephyr, was rebranded as 
AALTO HAPS Ltd, with the aim to seek external partners. Airbus 
plans to maintain ownership in AALTO, but will consider outside 
investment to help accelerate the company’s objectives.
SIRTAP – Sistema RPAS Táctico de Altas Prestaciones  
(or High Performance Remotely Manned System) is the next 
generation tactical fixed-wing UAS designed to meet the 
operational requirements of armed forces and governmental 
agencies around the world, providing an extended endurance 
and flexible payload in a range of capabilities adapted to fulfil 
ISR missions across military and civil markets. Thanks to 
its dual-use, it will be capable of carrying missions such as 
maritime surveillance, search and rescue, natural disaster relief, 
fire fighting support, as well as target identification, damage 
evaluation operations, ISTAR missions and convoy protection, 
among others.
Next generation air superiority programmes such as FCAS will 
feature strong UAS components, spurring the development of 
different types of Remote Carriers, and leveraging Manned-
Unmanned Teaming (“MUM-T”) technologies.
Military Air Systems Services. Airbus Defence and Space 
offers and provides various services for and related to military 
aircraft and UAS. Throughout the life-time of our aircraft, 
the company offers integrated logistics support, in-service 
support, maintenance and upgrades, along with training and 
flight hour services. For example, the A330 MRTT contract with 
the UK Ministry of Defence through the Air Tanker consortium 
includes the provision for all necessary infrastructure, training, 
maintenance, flight management, fleet management and ground 
services to enable the Royal Air Force to fly air-to-air refuelling 
and transport missions worldwide.
Services support legacy aircraft beyond those types currently in 
production at Airbus Defence and Space, conducting upgrade 
programmes for aircraft such as the Tornado and NATO’s Airborne 
Warning and Control System (“AWACS”). Airbus Defence and 
Space provides a broad range of training services for pilots, 
engineers, maintenance and air crews. Covering the complete 
pilot training path, from initial training through the Airbus Flight 
Academy of Europe (“ AFAE”), to type and conversion training 
through Airbus Defence and Space’s international training 
centre and training centres located at customers’ bases, as 
well as advanced mission training through GFD (Gesellschaft 
für Flugzieldarstellung GmbH), AvDef (Aviation Défense Service) 
and Target Systems & Services. Anticipating significant changes 
foreseen in the training methods, Airbus Defence and Space 
continues to develop the training of the future, enabled by digital, 
collective simulation and live virtual constructive technologies.
Airbus Defence and Space maintains a network of MRO centres 
strategically located throughout the world for greater proximity 
to the customer, for example in Seville, Warsaw or Manching 
in Europe, in Mobile, Alabama in the US, or at subsidiaries in 
Saudi Arabia or Canada. Supporting more than 1,600 aircraft 
worldwide, the contribution of Services continues to grow.
Airbus Defence and Space offers UAS services through Airbus 
DS Airborne Solutions GmbH, supporting German Air Force 
operations in Mali and FRONTEX for surveillance operations in 
the Mediterranean Sea. With more than 10 years experience, 
over 60,000 flight hours and 98% system availability, these 
services have demonstrated a proven and unmatched success.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 54:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
54 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Space Systems
Commercial Sector: Telecommunications 
Satellites, Launch Services
The commercial telecommunications satellite market is highly 
competitive – with customer decisions primarily based on price, 
technical expertise and track record. The main competitors 
for telecommunications satellites are Boeing, Lockheed 
Martin, MAXAR Technologies and Northrop Grumman in the 
US, Thales Alenia Space in France and Italy, and the China 
Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation.
The commercial geostationary (“ GEO”) telecommunications 
satellite market continues to show signs of recovery. On the 
commercial Low Earth Orbit (“ LEO”) telecommunications 
constellations, the demand for small satellites has been lower in 
2022 compared to prior years. However, an increasing interest 
is currently being noted. The business model is challenging 
due to the high upfront capital expenditure. Airbus is active 
in this market including its direct involvement in the Airbus 
OneWeb Satellites joint venture, and has the ambition to play 
a key role in the new EU Secure Satellite Constellation, known 
as Infrastructure for Resilience, Interconnection & Security by 
Satellites (“IRIS2”).
In 2015, Airbus OneWeb Satellites was created, an equally 
owned joint-venture between Airbus and OneWeb, which 
is building a global high-speed internet constellation of 
satellites for its sole customer, OneWeb. This participation is 
entrepreneurial in nature and led to a full re-think of satellite 
design and manufacturing to produce at competitive costs 
and on relatively short timelines. After a change in ownership 
in 2020, the company’s lead investors are now the Indian 
Bharti Group, the UK government and Eutelsat. The Ukraine 
crisis in 2022 had a considerable impact on the constellation 
deployment as Soyuz launchers ceased to be available for use 
and one batch of satellites still remains at the Baikonur launch 
site. Nevertheless, three launches took place in 2022, bringing 
the constellation coverage to almost 80%, with full global service 
entry due in 2023. Moreover, OneWeb has clear ambitions to 
create a second generation constellation.
With the new Bartolomeo Service, Airbus also offers one-
stop-shop access to flying payloads in Low-Earth Orbit on the 
outside of the International Space Station (“ ISS”), which means 
easy access to Space for both commercial and institutional 
customers. The first launch is expected in 2023.
The market for commercial launch services continues to evolve 
with ongoing competitive pressure. Arianespace (a subsidiary 
of ArianeGroup) provides a complete range of launch services 
with the Ariane and Vega launchers. Competitors for launch 
services include SpaceX, United Launch Alliance, Rocket Lab 
(for smaller payloads) and national space agencies.
Due to the phasing out of Ariane 5, the ongoing investigation into 
Vega-C following the launch failure in December 2022 and the 
delay of the first flight of Ariane 6, 2023 will be a transition year 
due to limited launch capacity. However, the accessible market 
to Arianespace for commercial launch services for geostationary 
satellites is expected to be at around 15-20 payloads per year, 
decreasing both in mass and in number of launchers compared 
to the equivalent market five-six years ago. The commercial 
market also sees the rise of large constellations for global 
connectivity, with the completion of OneWeb first generation, 
the launch of prototypes for the Kuiper constellation which is 
expected to commence service delivery in the second part 
of this decade, and other new projects both in the US and in 
Europe.
Governmental Sector: Satellites, Space 
Infrastructure, Launchers, Deterrence
In the public market for Earth Observation (“ EO”), navigation 
and science satellites, competition in Europe is organised on a 
national and multinational level, primarily through the European 
Space Agency (“ESA”), the European Commission and national 
space agencies.
Space Systems remains a major player in the EO segment, 
involved in the 12 existing and future Copernicus environment 
missions. The company was awarded a contract by ESA in 2022 
for the development of the Earth Explorer FORUM satellite (Far-
infrared Outgoing Radiation Understanding and Monitoring).
In November 2022, the ESA Ministerial Council concluded with 
the announcement of an investment of almost € 17 billion, an 
increase of 17% from the last Council at Ministerial level, a clear 
recognition of the importance of space, especially in the current 
economic and geopolitical context. Airbus Defence and Space 
welcomes this decision and stands ready to support ESA, who 
remains one of its main customers and partners.
There is also significant export demand for EO systems. At 
the end of 2022, Airbus signed a contract with Poland for the 
provision of two very high resolution S950 Optical satellites and 
access to Pléiades Neo imagery from 2023. The export market 
is expected to continue growing over the medium-term driven 
by the demand from new governmental operators on top of the 
replacement of existing assets.
Airbus Defence and Space is building on its re-established 
position on the navigation side, as it continues to work in the 
manufacturing of six Galileo second generation satellites for 
Europe’s navigation system. It also achieved in 2022 a key 
milestone on the EGNOS V3 navigation overlay system, critical 
for the aircraft industry.
The space exploration segment comprises scientific missions, 
with both crewed and uncrewed space systems, mainly used 
for solar system exploration. Demand for space exploration 
systems originates solely from publicly funded space agencies, 
in particular from ESA, NASA, and JAXA (Japan). Such systems 
are typically built in cooperation with international partners.
The predominant field of activity on this segment is the continuing 
support to the operations of the ISS, together with vehicle and 
equipment development programmes and services. Airbus 
Defence and Space is the prime contractor for the Orion 
European Service Module (“ESM”) for NASA’s Artemis Moon-
return missions, with six modules under contract. In 2022, the 
Orion spacecraft successfully completed the first full test mission 
(Artemis I), with a trip around the moon. As the future exploration 
plans of the various national space agencies take shape with a 
growing focus on a sustainable return to the moon and further 
Mars exploration, Space Systems is taking an important role 
in providing vehicles, platforms and services to support these 
ambitious endeavours.
Given the increasing focus on defence in Space since the outset 
of the Ukraine war, there is growing attention to the militarisation 
of Space. Airbus Defence and Space will support nations by 
providing connectivity, information superiority and in-space 
operations for defence.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 55:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
55Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
On the military customer side, observation satellite demand has 
increased in recent years. There is an increasing demand in the 
governmental satcom market in France, Germany, Spain and 
UK, as well as internationally. In addition to the players in the 
commercial sector, competition includes OHB in Germany, IAI 
in Israel, Melco in Japan and ISSR and Energia in Russia. Within 
the European Union, the development of the IRIS2 constellation 
in 2023 and beyond will present significant opportunities. Airbus 
took the lead in a related study in 2021 and 2022.
The equipment segment has benefited from a stable European 
market, with potential growth to come from developing space 
countries as well as the US.
ArianeGroup is the lead contractor for Europe’s Ariane 5 
and Ariane 6 launcher families, responsible for designing, 
manufacturing and marketing of launch services through its 
subsidiary, Arianespace. It is also responsible for the research, 
design, development and production of missiles for the French 
nuclear deterrent force (French Strategic Oceanic Force).
Products and Services
Human space flight.  Airbus has played an important role 
in human spaceflight, starting with the Spacelab reusable 
laboratory flown on the US Space Shuttle, followed by the 
development of the Columbus module and the Automated 
Transfer Vehicle (ATV) spacecraft for the ISS, and most recently 
the addition of the Bartolomeo payload hosting platform, which 
is company operated as a service. Airbus’ expertise is also 
being applied to the ESM powering Orion. Airbus is the prime 
contractor to ESA for the development and manufacturing of 
six ESMs, the first of which flew on NASA’s Artemis I mission 
in November 2022.
Telecommunication satellites.  Airbus Defence and Space 
produces telecommunication satellites used for both civil and 
military applications, such as television and radio broadcasting, 
fixed and mobile communication services and internet 
broadband access. Airbus is leading the transformation of the 
telecommunications market with its revolutionising OneSat 
reconfigurable satellite that marks a step change, from both a 
manufacturing and operational point of view. OneSat enables 
Airbus to offer customers a market-enabling solution at reduced 
market risk, cost and time to orbit. The company has seven 
OneSats under contract, three for Inmarsat for the first of their 
next generation of geostationary Ka-band satellites, one for 
Optus, an Australian operator, two for Intelsat and one for 
SkyPerfect JSAT.
Airbus Defence and Space successfully launched in 2022 two 
satellites based on its new all-electric and customer oriented 
Eurostar Neo platform for Eutelsat, allowing the operators 
significant savings by replacing three satellites with two. Airbus 
is currently building seven satellites based on this platform for 
major operators and governments such as Thuraya and Arabsat 
or Eutelsat.
Observation and scientific / exploration satellites.  Airbus 
Defence and Space supplies EO satellite systems carrying 
optical and radar instruments and ground infrastructures for 
both civil and military applications. Customers can derive 
significant benefits from the common elements of the company’s 
civil and military observation solutions, which allow the collection 
of information for various applications, such as cartography, 
weather forecasting, climate monitoring, mineral, energy and 
water resource management, as well as military reconnaissance 
and surveillance. Satellite imagery also provides targeted 
information for disaster relief efforts, either through the Disasters 
Charter or Copernicus Emergency services, to support rescue 
operations.
Airbus Defence and Space also produces scientific satellites 
and space infrastructure, which are tailor-made products 
adapted to the specific requirements of the mostly high-end 
missions assigned to them. Applications include astronomical 
observation of radiation sources within the universe and 
planetary exploration. The company was awarded a contract 
in 2020 for the Earth Return Orbiter, the spacecraft that will 
return the first ever samples from Mars under the NASA-ESA 
Mars Sample Return programme. Airbus Defence and Space 
is also involved as a prime contractor in the manufacturing of 
the JUICE spacecraft, ESA’s next life-tracker inside the Solar 
System. JUICE will study Jupiter and its icy moons and is due 
for launch in 2023.
Navigation satellites.  Airbus Defence and Space is prime 
contractor for EGNOS V3, the next generation of the European 
Satellite Based Augmentation System planned to provide the 
aviation community with advanced Safety of Life services and 
new services to maritime and land users. Airbus has also been 
awarded the manufacturing of six satellites for the second 
generation of Galileo, embarking on a new and enhanced 
payload that will open new possibilities for the navigation sector.
Space products.  Airbus Defence and  Space serves the 
worldwide market with space products through its own Airbus 
brand as well as the brands Jena-Optronik and TESAT. Space 
Products offers an unmatched and extensive portfolio of 
embedded subsystems, equipment and services for all types 
of space applications: telecommunications, EO, navigation, 
scientific and space exploration missions, manned spaceflight 
and launchers.
Commercial launchers.  ArianeGroup manufactures 
launchers and performs research and development for the 
Ariane programmes. Member States, through ESA, fund 
the development costs for Ariane launchers and associated 
technology. Airbus Defence and Space has been the sole prime 
contractor for the Ariane 5 system since 2004. In December 2014, 
the Ariane 6 programme was decided by the ESA ministerial 
conference with an approval of the joint Airbus Defence 
and Space and Safran concept. In addition, a new industrial 
set-up was announced with the creation of ArianeGroup between 
the two main Ariane manufacturers. This vertical integration 
reduces costs and increases competitiveness. Ariane 6 is now 
targeted to be launched in the last quarter of 2023. In 2022, 
ArianeGroup announced the creation of its MaiaSpace affiliate 
to develop the Maia mini launcher – accelerating the maturation 
and the in-flight validation of reusable technologies needed to 
develop the future European family of launchers.
French deterrence systems. ArianeGroup as prime contractor 
holds the contracts with the French State for the submarine-
launched deterrence system family.
Connected Intelligence
Connected Intelligence activities cover secure space and 
terrestrial connectivity, data management and intelligence, as 
well as cyber security may it be for defence, security institutions 
or commercial customers.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 56:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
56 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The programme line is divided into five programme units: 
Intelligence, Secure Communications, Cyber Security, Special 
Security programmes and Secure Land Communications.
Intelligence : provides data-driven systems, services and 
solutions for trusted information and insights, and is a lead 
supplier of ISR, air defence and land command and control 
solutions to France, Germany and NATO. Imagery is derived 
from Airbus’ state-of-the-art satellite constellation. Intelligence 
provides systems enabling command and control, real-time 
data fusion and predictive analyses, as well as comprehensive 
systems based on sovereign cloud infrastructures for the 
defence segment. It also offers data-driven solutions for various 
commercial segments, including environmental protection, 
agriculture and maritime, as well as the delivery of site security 
services in Germany.
Secure Communications : supplies governmental satellite 
communications, offering multi-domain secure connectivity, 
satellite connectivity systems and services for armed forces, 
notably for UK, France, Germany and NATO, providing secure 
communications at sea, on land and in the air.
Cyber: designs, develops, integrates and deploys tailored cyber 
security products and solutions for defence, governmental and 
institutional customers, and provides operational support all along 
the system lifecycle. As the aerospace and defence industries 
continue to grow in scale, digitalisation and interconnectivity, 
the platforms and systems become increasingly susceptible to 
cyber-attacks. With security breaches increasing continuously in 
volume and sophistication, considerable resources are devoted 
today to keep these systems safe.
Special Security Programmes : supports border security.
Secure Land Communications : supplies secure and 
resilient communication and collaboration solutions to provide 
information, intelligence and situational awareness to users. It 
helps public and private organisations around the world, such as 
police and special forces, fire brigades, medical and emergency 
services, oil and gas, energy and utilities, transports, among 
others, to carry out their public and critical missions.
Products and Services
Intelligence  is a recognised actor in geospatial data provision 
and defence intelligence as well as a lead supplier of ISR, Air 
Defence and Land Command and Control solutions.
Intelligence manages one of the world’s largest satellite fleets, 
comprising a total of 14 satellites, with 3 radar (TerraSAR-X, 
TanDEM-X and PAZ) and 11 optical (2 Pléiades, 2 Pléiades 
Neo, SPOT 6, SPOT 7, Vision 1 and 4 DMC). Following the 
Vega C launch failure in December 2022, the Pléiades Neo 
constellation only includes 2 instead of 4 satellites. Despite 
the launch setback, the constellation is already delivering at 
full scale and the company remains committed to continue 
delivering high quality earth observation services. All satellite 
images are available on the OneAtlas digital portal for both 
archive and tasking. Through Intelligence, Airbus is also part of 
the transatlantic team developing technical concepts for NATO’s 
Future Surveillance and Control capabilities.
In 2022, Intelligence successfully deployed three Pléiades Neo 
Direct Receiving Stations in Japan, Czech Republic and in Saudi 
Arabia and launched WorldDEM Neo, the updated solution 
providing global digital elevation models at very high resolution.
Secure Communications  is the European leading provider of 
secure communications services, bringing together the most 
comprehensive satellite communications services and systems, 
and best-in-class secure network services and solutions. It 
provides governments, military forces and international agencies 
with mission-critical voice and high-speed data communications 
on land, at sea and in the air. One example is the UK’s Skynet 5 
programme, where Airbus Defence and Space delivers tailored 
end-to-end in-theatre and back-to-base communication 
solutions for voice, data and video services, ranging from a 
single voice channel to a complete turnkey system incorporating 
terminals and network management. This contract, pursuant 
to which Airbus Defence and Space owns and operates the 
UK military satellite communication infrastructure, allows the 
UK MoD to place orders and to pay for services as required.
In 2022, Secure Communication acquired new business by 
signing contracts with some European Ministries of Defence 
to provide satellite communications for a 15 year period. The 
Armed Forces will utilise the channels of the Airbus Ultra High 
Frequency (“ UHF”) military communications hosted payload 
on-board the EUTELSAT 36D telecommunications satellite 
scheduled for launch in 2024. With this new payload, Secure 
Communications will be able to offer a new UHF communications 
service to the armed forces, particularly those of European 
countries and NATO allies.
In 2022, Airbus Defence and Space successfully concluded 
the 19 year delivery of the Skynet 5 Private Finance Initiative in 
the UK and secured the 18-months Skynet Service Continuity 
contract. In Germany, Secure Communications continued to 
secure business in the domain of SATCOM-Bw Stage 2 and 
started positioning itself for future opportunities in this domain. 
It also secured new business in France with the ASTEL S5 
frame contract.
Cyber : the portfolio encompasses broad expertise in cyber 
project management, including crypto and key management 
systems, security gateways, network and endpoint protection, 
aerospace multi-messaging systems, detection and response 
chain, and cyber attack simulation platforms. Having protected 
Airbus Defence and Space complex systems and networks for 
over 30 years, this programme is leveraging the Airbus DNA 
to develop products and solutions for customers facing similar 
challenges, based on state-of-the-art trusted technologies.
Cyber security is a very dynamic sector and the company 
strategy aims at ensuring the group and its ecosystem benefits 
from the best possible protection. In line with this ambition, 
Airbus Protect was launched in 2022, bringing together more 
than 1,200 experts from Airbus CyberSecurity (Airbus Defence 
and Space subsidiary) and APSYS (Airbus subsidiary), under 
Airbus commercial control. Cybersecurity activities for defence 
and space programmes and major customers such as operators 
of vital importance remain within Airbus Defence and Space. 
They will continue to provide solutions and lead major integration 
projects around high-level technologies such as cryptography 
and cyber defence, in line with the growth ambitions of the 
years to come.
Secure Land Communications  (“ SLC”) offers advanced 
mobile communication and collaboration solutions with the 
highest standards of security and reliability to Public Safety 
organisations and enterprises. The Agnet solution is based on 
the latest 4G/5G broadband technologies and includes voice 
communication, messaging and multimedia sharing as well 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 57:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
57Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.1.5 Investments
Dassault Aviation
In 2013, the Company entered into an agreement with the French 
State pursuant to which the Company:
 – grants the French State a right of first offer in case of the sale 
of all or part of its shareholding in Dassault Aviation; and
 – commits to consult with the French State prior to making any 
decision at any shareholders’ meeting of Dassault Aviation.
The Company holds 9.90% of Dassault Aviation’s share capital.
as interoperability with Tetra and Tetrapol technologies. SLC 
provides its customers with networks, terminals, accessories, 
applications and services, and its portfolio is tailored to the 
needs of public safety professionals, as well as users in the 
fields of transport, utility and industry, healthcare, and mobile 
network operators. It includes infrastructure, networks, devices, 
applications, software, and services, based on the latest 
technologies, which enhance situational awareness, improve 
user experience and safety, and optimise operational efficiency.
In 2022, Secure Land Communications recorded some awards 
for the renewal and upgrade of its installed base all over the 
world. In France, Airbus SLC was awarded the Réseau Radio 
du Futur contract by the French Ministry of the Interior, which 
pioneers the roll-out of broadband technologies for public 
safety. In Germany, key milestones were achieved in the mid-life 
upgrade of the largest Tetra network in the world (Bosnet VTS). 
In addition to that, several partnerships with mobile network 
operators have been established with major players in France, 
Middle East, Latin America and India for the distribution of the 
Agnet solution. Finally, SLC successfully supported the Winter 
Olympic and Paralympic Games in Beijing and the FIFA World 
Cup in Qatar.
Operations/Engineering
Airbus Defence and Space is headquartered in the Munich 
region. The main engineering and production facilities of the 
Division are located in France (Paris region and southwest 
France), Germany (Bavaria, Baden-Württemberg and Bremen), 
Spain (Madrid region and Andalusia) and the UK (southern 
England and Wales). In addition, Airbus Defence and Space 
has affiliates and s ubsidiaries in approximately 40 countries 
around the globe.
MBDA
Airbus Defence and Space holds a 37.5% stake in MBDA (a joint 
venture with BAE Systems and Leonardo). MBDA offers missile 
systems capabilities that cover the whole range of solutions for 
air dominance, ground-based air defence, maritime superiority 
and battlefield engagement. Beyond its role in European markets, 
MBDA has an established presence in export markets like Asia, 
the Gulf region and Latin America.
The broad product portfolio covers all five principal missile system 
categories: air-to-air, air-to-surface, surface-to-air, anti-ship 
and surface-to-surface. MBDA’s product range also includes a 
portfolio of airborne countermeasures such as missile warning 
and decoy systems and other customer support activities.
The most significant programmes currently under development 
are the next generation of the successful MICA air-to-air missile 
( Missile d'interception, de combat et d'autodéfense ), the 
SPEAR 3 missile (Selected Precision Effects at Range Capability 
3), the precision attack Brimstone 3 missile, the CAMM-ER 
missile (Common Anti-Air Modular Missile Extended Range), the 
Anglo- French joint initiative for a FC/ASW (Future Cruise / Anti-
Ship Weapon), the development of Anti - ship weapons for the 
two nations, as well as the battlefield engagement MHT missile 
(Missile Haute Trame).
Recent product upgrades also include the Aster Block 1 NT (New 
Technology), the air and missile defence systems for France and 
Italy, the Sea Venom / ANL (Anti-Navire Léger ) missile for the 
helicopters of the UK and French navies, as well as the Enforcer/
MMP (Missile Moyenne Portée ) missile for the battlefield.
Further activities include the preparation of hypersonic and direct 
energy applications/systems for future programmes such as 
FCAS and Tempest, the production of various aircraft packages 
for the Eurofighter Typhoon and Rafale existing programmes 
(including ASRAAM, MICA NT, and Meteor BVRAAM), as well 
as the production of various packages for frigates and corvettes 
systems/missiles (including Aster B1, CAMM, VL MICA, Marte 
ER and Otomat).
ArianeGroup
Airbus Defence and Space is active in the field of launchers and 
launch services through its ArianeGroup joint venture, which 
prior to July 2017 was named Airbus Safran Launchers (ASL).
ArianeGroup is responsible for the coordination and programme 
management of civil activities of the launcher business and 
relevant participations that have been transferred. ArianeGroup 
owns a total 74% stake in Arianespace, 46% of Starsem and 
51% of Eurockot, providing a complete range of launch services 
with the Ariane, Vega and Rockot launchers.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 58:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
58 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.1.7 Legal and Arbitration Proceedings
The Company is involved from time to time in various 
governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings in the ordinary 
course of its business, the most significant of which are described 
below. Other than as described below, there are no material 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened) which may 
have or have had in the recent past significant effects on Airbus 
SE’s or the Company’s Financial Position or profitability.
Regarding the Company’s provisions policy, the Company 
recognises provisions for litigation and claims when 
(i) it has a present obligation from legal actions, governmental 
investigations, proceedings and other claims resulting from past 
events that are pending or may be instituted or asserted in the 
future against the Company, (ii) it is probable that an outflow 
of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to 
settle such obligation and (iii) a reliable estimate of the amount 
of such obligation can be made. Although the Company believes 
that adequate provisions have been made to cover current or 
contemplated general and specific litigation and regulatory 
risks, no assurance can be provided that such provisions will 
be sufficient. For the amount of provisions for litigation and 
claims, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated 
Financial Statements – Note 25: Provisions, Contingent Assets 
and Contingent Liabilities”.
If the Company concludes that the disclosures relative to 
contingent liabilities can be expected to prejudice seriously its 
position in a dispute with other parties, the Company limits its 
disclosures to the nature of the dispute.
Investigation by the UK SFO, 
France’s PNF, US Departments of State 
and Justice and Related Commercial 
Litigation
The Company reached final agreements (“the agreements”) 
with the French Parquet National Financier (“ PNF”), the UK 
Serious Fraud Office (“ SFO”), and the US Department of Justice 
(“DoJ”) resolving the authorities’ investigations into allegations 
of bribery and corruption, as well as with the US Department 
of State (“DoS”) and the DoJ to resolve their investigations into 
inaccurate and misleading filings made with the DoS pursuant 
to the US International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ ITAR”). The 
agreements were approved and made public on 31 January 
2020.
Under the terms of the agreements, the Company agreed to 
pay penalties of € 3,597,766,766 plus interest and costs to the 
French, UK and US authorities. This was recognised in the 
Company’s 2019 accounts. The settlements with each authority 
were as follows: PNF € 2,083,137,455, the SFO € 983,974,311, 
the DoJ € 526,150,496 and the DoS € 9,009,008 of which 
€ 4,504,504 May be used for approved remedial compliance 
measures. All penalties have been paid.
Under the terms of the Convention judiciaire d'intérêt public  
(“CJIP”) with the PNF, the Company has an obligation to submit 
its compliance programme to targeted audits carried out by 
the Agence Française Anticorruption (“ AFA”) over a period of 
three years.
1.1.6 Insurance
The Company’s Insurance Risk Management function (“ IRM”) 
is established to proactively and efficiently respond to risks that 
can be treated by insurance techniques. IRM is responsible 
for all corporate insurance activities and related protection 
for the Company and is empowered to deal directly with the 
insurance and re-insurance markets via the Company’s inhouse 
broker entity. IRM’s continuous objective in 2022 was to further 
implement and improve efficient and appropriate corporate and 
project-related insurance solutions.
IRM’s mission includes the definition and implementation of 
the Company’s strategy for insurance risk management to 
help ensure that harmonised insurance policies and standards 
are in place for all insurable risks worldwide for the Company. 
A systematic review, monitoring and reporting procedure 
applicable to all Divisions is in place to assess the exposure and 
protection systems applicable to all the Company’s sites. The 
Company’s insurance programmes cover high risk exposures 
related to its assets and liabilities.
Asset and liability insurance policies underwritten by IRM for 
the Company cover risks such as property damage, business 
interruption, cyber, aviation and non-aviation general and 
product liability. IRM also provides a Group insurance policy 
for Supervisory and Managing Board Members and certain 
other employees of the Company. The Company follows a 
policy of seeking to transfer the insurable risk of the Company 
to external insurance markets at reasonable conditions, on 
customised and sufficient terms and limits as provided by the 
international insurance markets. A difficult global corporate 
insurance environment remained in 2022 due to economical 
and geopolitical situations and the corporate insurers have 
maintained their underwriting strategy for large corporations, 
however, Airbus’ positive outlook and insurance strategy allowed 
to differentiate the impact on insurance policies.
Airbus is, with other European companies, one of the founding 
members of the cyber insurance mutual Miris dedicated to cyber 
risks. Miris will participate in the cyber group insurance policy 
in 2023.
The insurance industry and some risk factors impact on the 
Company’s risk remain unpredictable and most Group insurance 
policies are renewed on an annual basis. There may be further 
demands to change scope of coverage, premiums and 
deductible amounts. Thus, no assurance can be given that the 
Company will be able to maintain its current levels of coverage 
nor that the insurance policies in place are adequate to cover 
all significant risk exposure of the Company.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 59:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.1 Presentation of the Company
59Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Under the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement 
(“ DPA”) with the SFO, no independent compliance monitor 
will be imposed on the Company in light of the continuing 
monitorship to be conducted by the AFA.
Under the terms of the DPA with the DoJ, no independent 
compliance monitor will be imposed on Airbus under the 
agreement with the DoJ, but the Company will periodically 
report on its continuing compliance enhancement progress 
during the three year term of the DPA and carry out further 
reviews as required by the DoJ.
The agreements resulted in the suspension of prosecution 
for a duration of three years. This deferral period ended on 
31 January 2023. The Company awaits the formal determination 
by the authorities that it has complied with the agreements’ 
terms throughout the period whereupon it expects the closure 
of the prosecutions in line with the procedural requirements of 
each country. On 13 February 2023, the SFO gave notice to the 
Company discontinuing the prosecution. On 17 March 2023, 
the PNF gave notice of the same with receipt of the Constat 
de l'extinction de l'action publique .
Under the terms of the Consent Agreement with the DoS, 
the DoS has agreed to settle all civil violations of the ITAR 
outlined in the Company’s voluntary disclosures identified in the 
Consent Agreement, and the Company has agreed to retain an 
independent export control compliance officer, who will monitor 
the effectiveness of the Company’s export control systems 
and its compliance with the ITAR for a duration of three years.
As a result of the Company’s decision to redirect export control 
compliance resources to ensure compliance with export control 
restrictions and international sanctions announced against 
Russia, Belarus and certain Russian entities and individuals 
following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022, the 
Company asked the DoS to extend the Consent Agreement by 
nine months. The DoS has granted the extension. The Company 
does not expect the Consent Agreement extension to have 
an impact on the DPAs with the SFO and DoJ, nor on the 
CJIP with the PNF, nor on the AFA’s monitorship, as those are 
independent of the DoS’s civil compliance programme review.
Any breach of the terms of the agreements by the Company 
could lead to rescission by the authorities of the terms of the 
agreements and reopening of the prosecutions. Prosecution 
could result in the imposition of further monetary penalties or 
other sanctions including additional tax liability and could have 
a material impact on the Financial Statements, business and 
operations of the Company.
In addition to any pending investigation in other jurisdictions, 
the factual disclosures made in the course of reaching the 
agreements may result in the commencement of additional 
investigations in other jurisdictions. Such investigations could 
also result in (i) civil claims or claims by shareholders against 
the Company, (ii) adverse consequences on the Company’s 
ability to obtain or continue financing for current or future 
projects, (iii) limitations on the eligibility of group companies 
for certain public sector contracts, and/or (iv) damage to 
the Company’s business or reputation via negative publicity 
adversely affecting the Company’s prospects in the commercial 
market place.
Airbus will continue to cooperate with the authorities in the 
future, pursuant to the agreements and to enhance its strong 
Ethics & Compliance culture within the Company.
Several consultants and other third parties have initiated 
commercial litigation and arbitration against the Company 
seeking relief. The agreements reached with authorities may 
lead to additional commercial litigation and arbitration against 
the Company and tax liability in the future, which could have 
a material impact on the Financial Statements, business and 
operations of the Company.
Securities Litigation
In August 2020, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in US 
federal court in the state of New Jersey against Airbus SE and 
members of its current and former management. The Company 
was served with the complaint in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
The lawsuit was brought on behalf of alleged shareholders that 
purchased or otherwise acquired Airbus SE securities in the 
US between 24 February 2016 and 30 July 2020, and asserted 
violations of US securities laws. The complaint alleged that 
defendants made false and misleading statements or omissions 
concerning, among other things, the Company’s agreements 
approved on 31 January 2020 with the French PNF, the UK SFO, 
the US DoJ and the US DoS as well as the Company’s historic 
practices regarding the use of third party business partners 
and anti-corruption compliance. The matter was fully and finally 
settled on 30 September 2022 in exchange for a payment in 
the amount of $5,000,000 USD without any acknowledgement 
of liability.
In addition, the Company received notification in August 2021 of 
two separate claims and in March 2022 a third claim, all alleging 
similar facts as the US class action. Three claims have been filed 
in the Netherlands purportedly on behalf of Airbus investors.
The first Dutch claim was filed in August 2021 by a special purpose 
vehicle incorporated under the laws of Guernsey, an assignee 
purportedly representing numerous private shareholders and 
institutional investors, seeking a declaratory judgment with 
damages to be assessed in follow on proceedings. This claim 
is now pending before the Amsterdam District Court.
The second Dutch claim was filed in December 2021 following 
a demand letter sent by a foundation incorporated under the 
laws of the Netherlands, a purported representative of unnamed 
institutional and retail investors worldwide, starting a class action 
against the Company before the Dutch courts. This second 
Dutch claim targets the Company, certain of the Company’s 
current and former directors and officers, and the Company’s 
current and former auditors.
The third Dutch claim was a class action filed in April 2022 
against the Company by a foundation incorporated under the 
laws of the Netherlands. In accordance with Dutch procedural 
law, the two Dutch class action claims are treated jointly as 
one case.
The Dutch claims allege that the Company violated its reporting 
obligations by failing to adequately inform investors and providing 
false or misleading information about its use of intermediaries 
and alleged corrupt practices, its related financial exposure, 
internal investigations and subsequent measures taken by the 
Company, and related criminal investigations, which allegedly 
impacted the Company’s share price.
The Company cannot exclude the possibility that additional 
claims are filed related to this subject matter attempting different 
theories of recovery in the same or different jurisdictions.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 60:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.1 Presentation of the Company
60 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The Company believes it has solid grounds to defend itself 
against the allegations. The consequences of such litigation 
and the outcome of the proceedings cannot be fully assessed 
at this stage, but any judgment or decision unfavourable to the 
Company could have a material adverse impact on the Financial 
Statements, business and operations of the Company.
Air France Flight 447 Trial
On 1 June 2009, an A330 operated by Air France flight AF447 
from Rio de Janeiro to Paris disappeared over the Atlantic 
Ocean with 228 persons onboard. The wreckage was located 
in April 2011 after several search campaigns organised by the 
Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses (“ BEA”), which published 
its final investigation report in July 2012. In the wake of the 
accident, the prosecutor in Paris opened an investigation for 
involuntary manslaughter and Airbus SAS was charged in 
March 2011. In September 2019, the investigating magistrates 
closed the investigation and dismissed all criminal charges 
after a thorough analysis of the technical and legal elements 
of the case. However, the Paris Court of Appeal overturned 
the magistrates’ decision and ordered trial for involuntary 
manslaughter. The Company’s appeal to the French Supreme 
Court has been dismissed. The trial took place in the fourth 
quarter of 2022. The prosecutor recommended a dismissal 
of all criminal charges against Air France and Airbus. The 
judgment of the Paris Criminal Court expected on 17 April 
2023, if unfavourable to the Company, could result in damage 
to its business or reputation.
Qatar Airways Commercial Litigation
Citing surface degradation on some of its A350 fleet and 
alleging an underlying “design defect”, Qatar Airways filed a 
legal claim against the Company in the London Commercial 
Court on 17 December 2021. On 1 February 2023, the parties 
announced they had reached an amicable and mutually 
agreeable settlement in relation to their legal dispute over A350 
surface degradation and the grounding of A350 aircraft. The 
parties have proceeded to discontinue their legal claims. The 
settlement agreement is not an admission of liability for either 
party. The parties have also agreed terms for the delivery of 50 
A321 and 23 A350 aircraft.
Grand Canyon Helicopter Accident
On 10 February 2018, a fatal accident occurred in the Grand 
Canyon at a site called Quartermaster in Arizona involving an 
EC130 B4 helicopter operated by Papillon Helicopters impacting 
the canyon floor and catching fire, leading to five fatalities and two 
severely injured persons. Following the accident, product liability 
claims were filed in Nevada state court in the US, including claims 
by the estate and parents of a deceased passenger and by the 
injured pilot of the helicopter. The Company intends to vigorously 
defend itself against the claims, but such claims may generate 
negative publicity and reputational harm. The trial is scheduled to 
take place in the first quarter of 2024. Any judgment or decision 
unfavourable to the Company could have a material adverse 
impact on the Financial Statements, business and operations 
of the Company as well as on its reputation.
Other Investigations
The Company cooperated fully with the authorities in relation 
to three investigations initiated by independent magistrates in 
France concerning the activities of commercial intermediaries 
in Libya, Kazakhstan, Kuwait and several Eastern European 
countries. In recognition of the fulsome nature of the cooperation 
and upon payment of a penalty of € 15.8 million, all three 
investigations were closed by means of a Convention judiciaire 
d’intérêt public (“CJIP”) with the PNF on 30 November 2022. This 
ends all remaining prosecutions in France for similar historical 
activities.
In 2019, the Company self-reported to German authorities 
potentially improper advance receipt and communication 
of confidential customer information by employees of Airbus 
Defence and Space GmbH. The information concerned relates 
to future German government procurement projects. The self-
disclosure by the Company followed an internal review with 
the support of an external law firm. Both the German Ministry 
of Defence and the Munich public prosecutor opened an 
investigation into the matter. The investigation could have an 
impact on Airbus Defence and Space GmbH’s and Airbus Secure 
Land Communications GmbH’s ability to participate in future 
public procurement projects in Germany. In 2021 the Munich 
prosecution issued a penalty notice against Airbus Defence and 
Space GmbH for € 10 million for negligent violation of supervisory 
duties in connection with this matter. The Company continues 
to fully cooperate with relevant authorities.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 61:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
61Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.2  Non-Financial Information
1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability
I. Purpose
The Company’s purpose is to “pioneer sustainable aerospace for 
a safe and united world”. The Company designs, manufactures 
and delivers aerospace products, services and solutions to 
customers on a worldwide scale helping to create value and 
drive growth. The Company is deeply aware of its responsibility 
to society and future generations, and contributes to a number 
of UN Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) through its core 
business and how it operates.
The Company strives to respect the planet. It aspires to lead 
the journey towards clean aerospace. The Company pioneers 
advanced and disruptive technologies while delivering and 
continuously improving its fuel-efficient products. From exploring 
new aircraft and propulsion technologies and alternatives to 
fossil fuels (SAF) to testing new prototype aircraft powered 
by hydrogen, the Company is committed to reducing the 
environmental impact of its products. It is also committed to 
taking environmental responsibility and, for example, to actively 
reducing emissions through its value chain, cutting on-site waste 
and increasing the recycling of aircraft at the end of their service 
life. The Company’s products and services, such as its Earth-
observation technologies, allow it to play an active role in tackling 
climate change, providing insights that help make the planet 
more resilient.
The Company is committed to valuing people. Its business is 
built on a foundation of safety, quality, integrity and compliance, 
with the highest standards ensured from design to operation. 
The Company supports the balance of powers and is uniquely-
positioned to strengthen global resilience through its products 
and services. The Company’s technology allows its customers 
to protect lives during a conflict and prevent crises before they 
escalate. The Company’s products help to protect citizens, 
defend sovereignty and advance global security, mindful that 
there can be no sustainability without security.
The Company enables prosperity. Its products help to unite 
cultures, connect economies, and enable global cooperation 
and partnership. The Company brings together people and 
organisations across the globe, physically with its commercial 
aircraft and helicopters, and virtually with its satellites and 
connectivity solutions. It mobilises the collective positive 
impact of its workforce, products and services to tackle societal 
challenges in partnership with local communities. In addition, 
the Company works collaboratively to maximise its positive 
impact, playing an active advocacy role, educating the aerospace 
industry and partnering with other businesses and public sector 
organisations to develop technology and solutions that will allow 
the industry to transition towards a sustainable economy. It is 
committed to being an economically resilient business that has 
the financial strength to invest in a more sustainable future. 
The Company believes that a sustainable tomorrow needs the 
strongest foundations today.
GENERAL GRI SDGs Others
102 General Disclosures 4, 5, 8, 9, 12, 13, 16, 17 Vigilance Plan
Highest governance body(ies) involved Board of Directors / ECSC
Executive Committee supported by topic-focused committees
Commitments to external frameworks UN Global Compact, The Ten Principles, Sustainable Development Goals
Add. resources
 : this symbol indicates a link  
to an external website
Sustainability on Airbus.com , Airbus Tax Strategy ,
Innovation contributing to a more sustainable world on Airbus.com , Earth monitoring and 
understanding  (e.g.  Climate change monitoring ), E x ample partnership for innovation: ANITI 
project , Toulouse University (ANIT I) , ATAG Benefits Beyond Borders fact sheet , ASD Fact 
Sheet 2022 , UN Global Compact
In line with its purpose, the progress in its sustainability journey, 
and the evolution of reporting frameworks, the Company has 
further evolved its non-financial reporting in 2022, providing 
additional transparency and striving to better demonstrate its 
level of commitment and performance, as presented in the 
following pages.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 62:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
62 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Jobs supported by aviation worldwide
11.3 million direct jobs in the industry:
   648,000 at airport operators
   5.5 million in other on-airport jobs
   3.6 million at airlines
   1.3 million in civil aerospace
   237,000 at air navigation service 
   providers
18.1 million jobs supported through 
the aviation industry supply chain
13.5 million jobs through induced beneﬁts 
of industry and employee spending
44.8 million jobs supported in the tourism 
industry
Global contribution to GDP, 2018
(4.1% of world economic activity)
Economic
beneﬁts
  
  
  
87.7 million $3.5 trillion
Aviation jobs are, on average,
4.3 times more productive than other jobs
4.3x
Worldwide trade by value carried
by air transport, 2018 ($6.5 trillion). 
By volume: 0.5%
35%
If aviation were a country, it would rank 
17th in size by GDP
17th
II. Indirect Contributions
The Company’s contribution to a more prosperous and 
sustainable society goes beyond what it offers directly through 
its products and services.
For example, as one of the most important players in the aviation 
industry, the Company contributes significantly to SDG 8 – 
“Decent Work and Economic Growth” – as highlighted through 
the 2020 Benefits Beyond Borders – global fact sheet, available 
on the Air Transport Action Group website (figures reflect pre-
COVID 19 situation, a “normal” year for air transport):
As a major European defence manufacturer, the Company also 
has significant economic impact across Europe. According to 
the AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of Europe, 
the industry supports over 879,000 jobs across the continent, all 
contributing to Europe’s economic prosperity with € 238 billion 
in annual revenue in 2021, €  138 billion of which comes from 
exports.
While the Company contributes to the global economy as a 
whole, it also contributes to the economic development of the 
communities where it operates. Full aerospace ecosystems – 
bringing together academia, research centres and corporations, 
all with high value-added jobs – often develop around the 
Company’s sites such as those in Toulouse or Hamburg. 
This development is accelerated thanks to the Company’s 
innovation ecosystem such as Airbus Scale: an innovation 
unit that combines corporate innovation, start-up engagement 
and company-building activities. Airbus Scale identifies and 
promotes internal corporate innovation opportunities that can 
be developed into solutions for the external world, bringing them 
to market and attracting external investments that could result 
in spin-offs. This generates value not only for the Company but 
also for the local communities where these new companies will 
set up, operate and prosper.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 63:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
63Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
III. Sustainability Commitments
Furthermore, the Company understands that contributing to a 
sustainable society is achieved not just through what  it does 
but also how  it does it, striving to minimise negative impacts 
and maximise the positive ones. In order to give direction and 
focus, in 2020 the Company updated its sustainability strategic 
framework around the four sustainability priority commitments 
listed below that apply across its entire value chain. These 
commitments are in close connection with the UN SDGs and 
contribute more specifically to eight of them.
Across each commitment the Company has set key performance 
indicators (“ KPIs ”) and targets enabling the Company to 
monitor progress towards these ambitions. These can be 
found in “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board”, which gathers all reported 
sustainability metrics. They can also be found in the related 
sections of this chapter, which is structured around each of 
the four commitments, completed by two sections which cut 
across all four commitments, “– 1.2.15 Responsible Supply 
Chain” and “– 1.2.16 Community Impact”. Complementing the 
climate change section, EU Taxonomy regulatory information is 
disclosed in section 1.2.19.
Several sources were essential in deciding on the four 
commitments, including the 2019 materiality assessment, a 
benchmark exercise, an analysis of market and regulatory trends, 
an evaluation of ESG risks in the Company’s risk report, a human 
rights gap analysis and the consideration of the Company’s 
values.
IV. Materiality Matrix
The Company updated its materiality assessment in 2022 and 
used stakeholders´ inputs to support the ranking, of which 
ESG issues are most material (and subsequently shall be 
addressed in the sustainability strategy). The range of ESG topics 
assessed was defined based on relevant industry and regulatory 
references, as well as on internal expertise. This materiality matrix 
is to be fully updated periodically – indicatively every three years – 
and possibly adjusted in the meantime based on feedback 
captured from stakeholders in day-to-day business and further 
methodological improvements. The results of this 2022 update 
were captured in a materiality matrix (refer to materiality matrix 
chart below), which is fundamental in confirming the relevance 
of the Company’s four commitments. It is a three-dimensional 
matrix:
 – importance to stakeholders  (vertical axis): The Company 
asked its 12 most important stakeholder groups (see 
“– Stakeholder engagement” section below) about their view 
on how important it is for the Company to address a given 
topic. Scoring was established by capturing the voice of critical 
stakeholders – including employees, customers, suppliers, 
investors, social partners – via a survey sent to selected 
representatives in each category and targeting individuals who 
are familiar with sustainability matters. Other information was 
obtained with the support of artificial intelligence (based on 
analysis of reports, legislation and media sources), capturing 
the importance of the respective topics in stakeholders’ 
communication. Most information was collected using the 
Datamaran tool. During the feedback consolidation phase, a 
greater weight was assigned to critical stakeholders;
The Company’s four commitments Material topics (see hereafter) SDGs Section
#1
Lead the journey
towards clean aerospace
Climate change
Pollution
Materials and circularity
Water
Biodiversity
1.2.2
1.2.3
1.2.4
1.2.5
1.2.6
#2
Build our business on the foundation
of safety and quality
Product safety
Cyber security
Health and safety
1.2.7
1.2.8
1.2.9
#3
Respect human rights
and foster inclusion
Human rights
Inclusion and diversity
Social dialogue
People
1.2.10
1.2.11
1.2.12
1.2.13
#4
Exemplify business integrity Business integrity 1.2.14
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 64:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
64 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
IMPORTANCE FOR THE COMPANY’S STAKEHOLDERS - High to Very High
POTENTIAL IMPACT OF THE COMPANY’S ACTIVITIES ON ECOSYSTEMS OR RIGHTSHOLDERS - Medium to Very High
Community Impact
Inclusion and diversity
Employment
Materiality Matrix
Bubble size : Potential impact on the Company - Medium to Very High
Social dialogue
Water
Biodiversity
Supply chain engagement
Human rights
Materials
and circularity
Climate change
Product safety
Pollution
Business
integrityCyber security
Occupational health and safety
Environment Social Governance
V. Stakeholder Engagement
The Company’s approach to sustainability is built on constant 
engagement with its stakeholders. Key stakeholder groups, 
in line with International Aerospace Environmental Group 
recommendation for the sector, include employees, customers, 
suppliers, industrial partners (including energy providers), social 
partners, investors, NGOs, authorities / governments / policy 
makers, industry associations, MRO (maintenance, repair and 
operations) providers, airports, and the community at large. 
Dialogue with numerous stakeholders helps the Company 
progress its sustainability ambition. In addition, it has formalised 
a number of opportunities to exchange more widely with its 
stakeholders. For instance, beyond materiality assessment, the 
Company meets at least twice a year with social partners to review 
sustainability topics (see “– 1.2.12 Social Dialogue”). Besides, the 
Company established the Airbus Supplier Sustainability Council 
in 2022 (see “– 1.2.15 Responsible Supply Chain”). It organised 
other events where sustainability topics were addressed during 
the year, such as the Capital Market Day and the Airbus Summit. 
Additionally, it participated in numerous events such as air shows 
or conferences, which fostered dialogue on sustainability matters 
with a large number of external stakeholders including investors, 
customers, media, NGOs, institutions, policy makers, and other 
industry or value chain partners.
 – potential impact on rightsholders or ecosystems (horizontal 
axis): the Company evaluated the potential impact of its 
activities on people and environment in connection with the 
Company’s activities – e.g. employees, end users, and local 
communities. Scoring was established taking into account the 
scale, scope, remediability and likelihood of risks associated 
with the topic. This assessment was based on interviews with 
internal experts in each domain;
 – impact on the Company or financial materiality  (bubble 
size): The assessment of the potential impact of ESG-
related topics on the Company’s financial performance 
took into consideration the degree of risk associated with 
identified ESG-topics topics. Scoring was derived from the 
Company’s enterprise risk management (“ERM”) system and 
complemented by interviews with representatives from the 
Company’s top management.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 65:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
65Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Ethics, Compliance & Sustainability Committee
Human Rights, Business Integrity,
Sustainable Supply Chain
Direct cascading of topics 
to the Executive Committee
Inclusion & Diversity
Advisory
Board
Product Safety
Board
Environment
Executive
Steering
Committee
Board of Directors
Executive Committee
Occupational Health
and Safety
Governance Board
The Executive Committee is supported by several committees or 
boards linked to the Company’s four sustainability commitments:
 – the Environment Executive Steering Committee, the Inclusion 
& Diversity Advisory Board, the Product Safety Board as well 
as the Occupational Health and Safety Governance Board 
(created in 2022; see “– 1.2.9 Health and Safety”), all chaired 
by Executive Committee members;
 – the Steering Committees of the Human Rights and Sustainable 
Supply Chain Roadmaps, both sponsored by Executive 
Committee members.
Other sustainability topics such as business integrity are brought 
directly to the attention of the Executive Committee. Where 
relevant, additional elements of governance linked to specific 
topics are explained in the governance sections of this report.
Organisation and policy framework:  The sustainability & 
environment team put in place in January 2020 at corporate 
level has continued to develop and expand. Its mission continues 
to focus on:
 - Setting the ambition level regarding the Company’s 
environmental and social commitments;
 - Identifying the levers to achieve this ambition;
 - Enabling the business to deliver this ambition across the 
full value chain;
 - Engaging employees on sustainability;
 - Providing clarity on ambition and progress to internal and 
external stakeholders;
 - Coordinating with relevant functions the performance 
and reporting on progress with regards to the four 
commitments.
While the sustainability & environment team has a Company-wide 
role to provide direction and check regularly on advancements 
across all sustainability topics, there are for each of those topics 
(e.g. health and safety, inclusion and diversity, human rights, etc.), 
related functions, departments or “roadmaps” (multi-functional 
teams addressing cross-functional sustainability topics) driving 
VI. Governance
Conscious of the strategic importance of sustainability, the 
Company has defined governance at the highest level. Oversight 
has been established at the Board of Directors level with the 
Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee (“ECSC”). 
For further information about the ECSC, see “– Corporate 
Governance – 4.1 Management and Control”. The ECSC is 
responsible for assisting the Board of Directors to oversee the 
Company’s:
 – Culture and commitment to ethical business, integrity and 
sustainability;
 – Ethics and Compliance programme, organisation and 
framework for the effective governance of ethics and 
compliance, including all associated internal policies, 
procedures and controls; and
 – Sustainability strategy and effective governance to ensure 
that sustainability-related topics are taken into account in the 
Company’s strategy and objectives.
Under the Board Rules, the Board of Directors delegates the 
day-to-day management of the Company to the CEO, who, 
supported by the Executive Committee, makes decisions 
with respect to the management of the Company, including 
sustainability. The Executive Committee has the responsibility 
to provide top level expectations and direction, while overseeing 
and validating the sustainability strategy. This entails validating 
sustainability targets, including those integrated into the Top 
Company Objectives.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 66:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
66 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
their continuous improvement. These teams are for the most 
part supported by dedicated policies which are referred to in 
the Company’s Code of Conduct – a single reference intended 
to guide daily behaviour and help employees resolve the most 
common ethical and compliance issues that they may encounter. 
The Code of Conduct applies to all of the Company’s employees 
and directors, regardless of their job title, responsibilities, 
seniority, or location, within every subsidiary or joint venture 
where the Company has control.
Incentivisation and remuneration:  The Company also 
believes the integration of sustainability criteria into its reward 
mechanisms is an important enabler for accelerating its 
sustainability ambition. A sustainability criterion is integrated 
into the common collective component of the CEO’s variable 
remuneration, accounting for 20%, see “– Corporate Governance 
– 4.2.1 Remuneration Policy ”. This principle also applies to the 
other members of the Executive Committee who do not serve on 
the Board of Directors, and to a large extent to executives and 
“Level IV” managers employed at the Company. Other criteria 
also apply to all employees as summarised below:
Variable remuneration component Objective / KPI (s) Weight (s) Population
 - Collective performance Health and Safety FR1
Reduction of CO 2  emission
10%
10%
“Level IV” Managers and Executives 
(around 4,500 employees)
 - Success sharing Health and Safety FR1 c. 5% Around 115,000 employees
 - Individual performance
Ethics & Compliance
Functional sustainability 
objectives
Over 10%
Individualised
All employees entitled to an individual 
bonus (around 50,000 employees)
VII. Airbus’ Way Forward: Vigilance Plan
The Company is determined to conduct its business responsibly 
and with integrity. It is convinced that promoting responsible 
business conduct within its value chain is key to sustainable 
growth. The Company’s vigilance plan includes measures to 
identify risks and prevent serious impacts related to sustainability 
resulting from the Company’s own operations and from its 
suppliers and other contractors (including subcontractors). As 
far as its own operations are concerned, the Company has 
adopted internal policies and management tools to perform 
the monitoring, assessment, mitigation and reporting of risk and 
compliance allegations, which are embedded into the Company’s 
culture and processes. For the Company’s vigilance plan for its 
supply chain, see “– 1.2.15 Responsible Supply Chain”, which 
shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference and form part 
of this plan.
Enterprise risk management and internal audit:With regards 
to risk management, sustainability risks and opportunities are 
fully embedded in the Company’s ERM system. For further 
information on ERM, see “– Corporate Governance – 4.1.3 
Enterprise Risk Management System”. For further information 
on the Company’s risks, see “– Risk Factors”. Internal audits 
are also performed regularly across the Company, including on 
sustainability topics. External audits are performed in line with 
certification requirements, as detailed in the related material 
topic sections.
Sustainability competencies and employee engagement:  
Raising awareness, developing competencies and engaging 
employees are essential to preventing and mitigating 
sustainability risks and maximising opportunities. On this matter, 
the Company offered employees more than 900 online and in-
person training opportunities in 2022, ranging from ethics and 
compliance to export control, health and safety, product safety, 
cyber security, internal controls, inclusion and diversity, quality 
and customer centricity, sustainability awareness and more. 
Training courses linked to sustainability topics were integrated 
into the 2022 mandatory training list for Company employees. 
Specific information on training is covered in the related material 
topic sections.
Affiliates: All Company controlled affiliates are expected to deploy 
similar internal policies by applying the Company’s directives. 
A company-wide single directive defines rules, processes and 
procedures applicable to the Company’s affiliates and their 
respective boards, directors and officers. Its enforcement is 
supported by the Directors’ training programme which was 
delivered to 117  people in 2022 over eight full-day digital 
sessions, as well as on-boarding sessions performed for newly 
appointed managing directors of controlled affiliates. The single 
directive assists the Company’s affiliates in effectively fulfilling 
their responsibilities, while assuring the Company’s ongoing 
commitment to high standards of corporate governance. It was 
built on the basis of Company related internal policies including, 
but not limited to: the Company’s Code of Conduct, International 
Framework Agreement, Agreement on the European Works 
Council, Supplier Code of Conduct, Health & Safety Policy, 
Environmental Policy, the Company’s Anti-Corruption Policy and 
related directives. An online Internal Controls Self Assessment 
(“ ICSA”) is completed on an annual basis by the controlled 
affiliates to self-assess their internal controls, including how they 
relate to the environment, health and safety, human resources, 
governance, finance, procurement and compliance requirements 
in order to identify any gaps and define remedial action plans as 
required. Controlled affiliates can update the self-assessment on 
a quarterly basis based on their progression. Following ICSA, 
internal verifications are carried out by the respective corporate 
functions to validate answers and, when gaps are identified, 
develop improvement measures jointly with controlled affiliates 
to enhance their conformity level. In 2022, 81 controlled affiliates 
were selected to perform such verifications. Verifications are 
run every three years at least, and more frequently when ICSAs 
evidence material gaps. The Company’s controlled affiliates 
are also asked to regularly evaluate risks via the Company’s 
ERM system, and to regularly monitor them as part of their risk 
assessment process.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 67:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
67Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
RISK MAPPING
Priority risk in the scope of
The Company Suppliers and Contractors
ENVIRONMENT
Climate change ✔ ✔
HUMAN RIGHTS
Impacts related to products and services ✔
Impacts related to diverse and inclusive workplaces ✔ ✔
Risk of forced labour ✔
Impacts related to sourcing of raw materials ✔
HEALTH AND SAFETY
Exposure to hazardous substances and materials ✔ ✔
Working environment ✔ ✔
In situ contractor health and safety management ✔ ✔
Mental health  and wellbeing ✔
Complementing the materiality assessment described further 
above, the Company reviewed in 2022 the list of its priority 
sustainability risks as shown above to help prioritise its actions. 
This process complements, and is fully integrated into, the 
Company’s ERM process. It is based on contributions and 
inputs consolidated from a wide range of stakeholders and 
resources. This includes desktop research, interviews with 
key internal stakeholders and verification with internal and 
external stakeholders. The human rights risks identified were 
complemented and cross-analysed with product life cycle 
assessments – including sectoral inputs – and the Company’s 
top health and safety risks.
Procedures for regularly assessing the situation of relevant subsidiaries, contractors and suppliers:  The table below 
summarises effective procedures for regularly assessing the situation of relevant subsidiaries, contractors and suppliers. Specific 
relevant complementary information can be found in the respective material topic sections.
The Company Suppliers and Contractors
ICSA (Self 
assessment)
Internal 
assessment / 
audit
External audits 
(e.g. ISO)
Management 
system
Self  
assessment
Company  
(or via 3rd party) 
assessment
Environment ✔ ✔ ✔ ISO 14001 (1) ✔ ✔ ✔
Health and Safety ✔ ✔ ✔ ISO 45001 (2) ✔ ✔ ✔
Human Rights ✔ ✔ ✔
(1) 88% workforce currently covered.
(2) 25% workforce currently covered.
Prevention and mitigation actions:  the table below summarises transversal mitigation / preventive actions.
The Company Suppliers and Contractors
Training
Whistleblowing 
system  
(see below)
Code of 
Conduct
Policies / 
directives
Contractual  
terms and 
conditions
Whistleblowing 
system
Supplier 
Code of 
Conduct
Environment ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
Health and Safety ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
Human Rights ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
Alert / grievance and whistleblowing mechanism:  The 
Company is committed to maintaining a “speak up” culture, by 
promoting an open and trusting dialogue with employees at all 
levels. All employees are encouraged to express their views, 
defend their opinions, and point out unacceptable behaviour 
– especially behaviour that violates the Company’s Code of 
Conduct. Employees can raise concerns with their line manager, 
their human resources business partner, a legal and compliance 
representative, or through the Company’s “OpenLine” hotline 
(www.airbusopenline.com). OpenLine is anonymous where 
legally permissible. It covers all sustainability topics and is 
also available to external stakeholders including, affiliates 
and suppliers. The Company endeavours to ensure that the 
procedures to assess, investigate and manage allegations are 
well-aligned throughout the Company. For further information, 
see “– 1.2.14 Business Integrity”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 68:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
68 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Monitoring system:  The table below shows an overview of the monitoring system in place. More detailed descriptions, as well as 
performance measures and analysis, can be found in the respective material topic sections.
KPIs Responsible  
management body
Supervisory 
committees Controls
Environment Operations
Use of Products
CO 2  Scope 1, 2, Water, Waste
Delivered aircraft CO 2 efficiency metric
S&E Department /  
Environmental Roadmap
See 
governance 
chart in 
governance 
section above
ERM, internal audit
Health and Safety Lost time injury frequency rate Health and Safety Department ERM, internal audit
Human Rights Nb of social assessments
% of findings closed within 18 months
S&E Department /  
Human Rights Roadmap
ERM, site social 
assessments 
and supply chain 
assessments
Supply Chain % suppliers at risk
% action plan launched
Procurement / Sustainable 
Supply Chain Roadmap
ERM, audits
Self questionnaires
Lead the Journey Towards Clean Aerospace
1.2.2 Climate Change
I. Introduction
In line with the Company’s purpose, “pioneering sustainable 
aerospace for a safe and united world”, and its aim to lead the 
transition of the air transport sector towards its net-zero carbon 
emissions aspirational goal, the Company’s foremost ambition 
as an aircraft manufacturer is to bring the first hydrogen-
powered commercial aircraft to the market by the middle of the 
next decade, and to play a leading role in the decarbonisation 
of the aviation sector. In parallel, the Company is investing 
large resources into examining and reducing the impact of its 
products in operation together with all actors within the aviation 
sector. Consideration of greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions 
throughout the value chain, which are predominantly carbon 
dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions, is a key focus for the Company’s 
analysis of its contribution to climate change. The non-CO 2  
effects of aircraft operations are also being studied in order 
to determine their potential contribution to the climate (see 
Transition plan – Product stewardship).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 69:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
69Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
CLIMATE CHANGE GRI SASB SDGs Others
302 Energy
305 Emissions
 - Energy Management
 - Fuel Economy & Emissions  
in Use-Phase
9-12-13-17
TCFD  
Vigilance  
plan
Highest governance body(ies) involved Board of Directors / ECSC
Executive Committee / Environment Executive Steering Committee
Related corporate policies Environmental Policy, Code of Conduct
Management system 
certifications / labels
EMS – Environmental Management System, ISO 14001 – 88% of workforce covered
SBTi-validated emission targets
KPIs Target
2015 
baseline 2021 2022
2022  
vs. 2021
2022 vs. 
baseline
CO2e(1)  Scope 1 & 2 (ktons)
2030: -63%  in line 
with 1.5°C pathway, 
and neutralising 
residual emissions
1,126 809 762 -5.8% -32%
Energy from stationary sources (2)
(GWh) 2030: -20% 3,108 2,717 2,594 -4.5% -16.5%
CO2e Scope 3 intensity
Delivered aircraft efficiency intensity 
(gCO2 /km.pax)
2035: -46% 88.8 66.3 64.4 -2.9% -27%
Supply chain CDP engagement
“Maintain at least 75% of sourcing 
volume of suppliers invited to CDP 
who have responded”
68% 78% +10p.p.
Other key metrics (More metrics available in the ESG Data Board) 2021 2022
2022  
vs. 2021
Scope 3 – Cat 11 – commercial aircraft – SAF as per IEA-SDS scenario 
(CO 2 e ktons) 400,611 425,454 +6.2%
Scope 3 – Cat 11 – commercial aircraft – “no SAF” scenario  
(CO2e ktons) 458,738 494,893 +7.9%
Scope 3 – Cat 11 – other products (incl. military aircraft and helicopters, 
CO2 e ktons) 9,343 10,703 +14.5%
Scope 3 – Cat. 1 – Purchased goods and services (CO 2 e ktons) 8,439 N/A N/A
CDP Rating A- A- Stable
Percentage of responding suppliers to the CDP scoring A or B 53% 66% +13p.p.
Remuneration CO 2  performance included in CEO, Executives and “Level IV” managers variable remuneration.
Targets (on TCO scope): -5% in 2022, 687ktons CO 2 e or -0.9% in 2023. 2022 performance: -8.5%.
KPI assumptions
Metrics: see “– 1.2.17 ESG data board”; targets: see “- IV. Transition plan”.
(1)  CO 2  equivalent (“ CO2e”).
(2)  Energy consumption from stationary sources and electricity.
Additional resources
Environmental Policy Statement , Sustainability on Airbus.com , Environment on Airbus.com  ,  
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire on Airbus.com  and on CDP website , ATAG Waypoint 
2050 , IEAG – GHG Reporting Guidance , IEA – Aviation report , IPCC AR6 report ,  
Clean Sky initiative , SESAR initiative , CEDAR Chair “Chair for Eco-Design of Aircraft” 
together with ISAE-SUPAERO , ATM decarbonisation potential by Eurocontrol
Climate change is considered by the Company as a 
financially material topic and is one of the top Company risks  
(see “– Risk Factors - Environment, Human Rights, Health & 
Safety Risks” ). Impact materiality was also confirmed through 
the comprehensive Scope 1, 2 and 3 screening completed in 
2022 in the framework of the Company submitting targets for 
validation of the Science-Based Target initiative (“SBTi”), using 
the recommended Greenhouse Gas Protocol methodology.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 70:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
70 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
While Scope 1 & 2 represent less than 0.2% of total emissions 
each, Scope 3 category 11 – Use of sold products – has been 
identified as highly material for the Company, representing 
above 90% of total emissions. The second most material was 
Category 1 – Purchased goods and services, representing 
around 2.5% of total emissions (see figures in table below). For 
those categories, more precise methodological inventories have 
been developed (see “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board – Environmental 
performance”).
Scope 3 – Use of sold products – commercial aircraft: >90%
Scope 3 – Use of sold products – other products: <3%
Scope 3 – Purchased goods and services: <3%
Scope 1 & 2: <1%
Scope 3 – Total of other categories: <1%
CO 2  emissions from commercial aircraft in operation appear 
to be the most material category. According to both the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and the 
International Energy Agency (IEA), air transport represented 
over 2% of global man-made GHG emissions in 2021. While 
this makes the decarbonisation of aircraft operations the 
absolute priority, addressing emissions from upstream industrial 
operations, including the Company’s own, is also seen as an 
important objective. In this context, the Company’s roadmap 
to decarbonisation is intrinsically linked to the entire sector’s. 
While the Company has a direct and critical role in developing 
and providing technical solutions, the concomitant development 
of adapted ecosystems will also be a key success factor, which 
the Company intends to facilitate and enable.
In addition, in order to better meet stakeholders’ expectations 
and develop its own climate strategy, the Company adheres 
to the CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), SBTi and 
TCFD initiatives. In 2022, the Company’s approach to climate 
change was rated A- by the CDP for the third consecutive year. 
In addition, the Company has recently set its first near-term 
science-based targets to reduce emissions on all scopes, in line 
with a 1.5°C temperature pathway for its Scope 1 & 2 emissions, 
which were submitted to SBTi in June 2022 and validated in 
January 2023. The following sections gather information related 
to the four pillars of the TCFD framework, of which the Company 
has been a supporter since December 2020.
II. Governance
Environmental Policy
The Airbus Environmental Policy is the top level definition of the 
guiding principles, vision, mission and associated initiatives for 
the environment. The policy applies company-wide, including to 
affiliates where the Company owns more than half of the voting 
rights or the right to appoint the majority of the board directors 
(to the extent that the shareholders agreement and/or the level 
of control in force in each relevant affiliate allows it). The policy 
also covers the Company’s employees and contractors while at 
the Company’s sites or at work under the responsibility of the 
Company. It takes a holistic approach to measuring and acting 
upon the Company’s environmental performance by assessing 
the environmental impact of internal operations, as well as 
providing capabilities to the Company’s customers to reduce the 
impact of the products in operation. This also means introducing 
a lifecycle perspective and mitigating the risks and impacts at all 
stages of the life-cycle: from the procurement of raw materials, 
through the design and manufacturing of products, to their in-
service life until their retirement.
Organisation and Responsibilities
Two main management structures are relevant for the governance 
of sustainability matters and climate change: the Board of 
Directors and the Executive Committee.
As mentioned earlier, the Board of Directors is supported by 
the ECSC. In practical terms, the ECSC, as a committee of the 
Board of Directors, oversees strategic decision-making and 
the execution of the approved sustainability strategy, including 
areas such as innovation and environmental and climate action.
In 2022, the ECSC reviewed and provided guidance on a wide 
variety of climate-related topics, including the SBTi targets, SAF, 
and decarbonisation of the supply chain.
To support the Executive Committee in environmental matters, 
especially climate-related, an Environment Executive Steering 
Committee (“EnC”) was established in 2019. The EnC is 
composed of members of the Executive Committee and senior 
executives company-wide responsible for environmental topics. 
It meets once a month to review progress and take decisions on 
all matters related to environmental strategy. The EnC reviews 
climate change related topics, including the progress on meeting 
objectives to reduce GHG emissions, the decarbonisation 
strategy and climate-related risks.
Environmental operations are led by the Sustainability & 
Environment department (described earlier), whose role is to 
guide the business on environmental matters and to set the policy 
and deploy, drive and improve the Environmental Management 
System (“ EMS”) throughout the Company.
The Company’s EMS is based on ISO 14001:2015. It was 
recertified in November 2022, having previously confirmed 
by certification surveillance audits in 2020 and 2021. The 
Company’s environmental strategy is implemented operationally 
by dedicated multi-functional teams at corporate and/or divisional 
level. These cover topics such as industrial and site impact, 
product operation, supply chain or chemical substances.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 71:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
71Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Disclosure of Environmental Indicators
The Company actively monitors its environmental data throughout 
the organisation in order to measure the environmental impact 
of its operations, track its performance and communicate 
information on environmental matters to internal and external 
stakeholders. Since 2010, environmental data published by the 
Company has been verified by external auditors. This data is 
included in the ESG data board at the end of this section.
Capturing Emerging Regulatory Requirements, 
Stakeholder’s Expectations and Trends
In order to be aware of fast-evolving sustainability regulations, 
requirements and expectations that could impact its business, a 
“Sustainability Regulatory Intelligence” team monitors regulatory 
developments with a view to understanding, evaluating, 
anticipating and preparing for legal and regulatory requirements 
that apply to the Company’s activities and products. This 
Sustainability Regulatory Intelligence team covers sustainability-
related topics, including: environment, human rights and 
sustainable finance.
III. Risk Management
Environmental risks and opportunities are managed following 
the Company’s ERM system. A specific sustainability and 
environment ERM plan integrates additional requirements, 
defined within the ISO 14001:2015 certified EMS, and provides 
a set of rules applicable company-wide, to ensure a consistent 
management of environmental risks and opportunities.
Relevant criteria for the evaluation of environmental risks and 
opportunities include: financial impact, impact on environmental 
performance, and impact on EMS certification, as well as legal, 
supply chain and reputational aspects.
Risks and opportunities are reported quarterly to the Executive 
Committee of the Company and of its Divisions, including 
climate-related risks. Top risks are consolidated at Company 
level to be brought to the attention of the Board of Directors and 
reviewed semi-annually.
Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
In accordance with TCFD recommendations, the Company is 
strengthening its ERM risk identification process for climate-
related risks and opportunities, incorporating climate scenario 
analysis. Climate-related risks (adaptation and mitigation) shall 
be deemed to be incorporated by reference and form part of the 
non-financial information. The Company used three temperature 
climate scenarios: 1.5°C, 2°C and 3°C; and three time horizons: 
short-term (“ST”, around 2025), medium-term (“ MT”, around 
2035) and long-term (“ LT”, around 2050) in identifying climate-
related risks and opportunities. The assessment of risks and 
opportunities identified by the Company is subject to revision 
as the methodology and process further mature.
Climate risks and methodology (including description of used 
scenarios) are described in “– Risk Factors – Environment, 
Human Rights, Health & Safety Risks”. They are complemented 
by the following opportunities identified:
 – energy diversification – energy source: Exploring and identifying 
new business opportunities in the field of renewable and low-
carbon energy (incl. through partnerships and collaboration 
with stakeholders) in order to position the Company in the 
energy value chain and contribute to the Paris Agreement 
temperature goals;
 – demand for energy-efficient products – m arket: Demand for 
more energy-efficient products (driven by increased energy 
costs, carbon pricing and voluntary climate commitments) 
or products allowing the use of other energies could lead to 
an accelerated airline fleet replacement and to new business 
lines;
 – growing market for Earth observation, atmospheric and 
weather data monitoring services – Products and services: 
Increased need for Earth observation, atmospheric and 
weather data services (including but not limited to the following 
sectors: aviation, agriculture, finance and insurance) could 
increase market demand for certain products and services 
of the Company, and lead to the creation of new business 
opportunities.
The outcome of the Company’s qualitative analysis is synthesised in the following table:
Company’s climate-related risks and opportunities mapping
Climate scenario / time horizon(s)  
where risk or opportunity likelihood is considered medium 
or high, based on Company’s qualitative analysis
RISKS (see “– Risk Factors” for full description) 1.5°C 2°C 3°C
Transition – Technology       
Transition – Market       
Physical – Chronic       
Physical – Acute       
OPPORTUNITIES
Energy source       
Market       
Products and services       
  : ST  –    : MT  –    : LT
Mitigation actions the Company has engaged, including to address these risks and opportunities are presented in the following 
“IV. Transition plan” section.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 72:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
72 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
IV. Transition Plan
Based on identified risks and opportunities, the Company 
has established a transition plan covering its industrial 
operations, products and services, supply chain, employees 
and communities, including relevant targets, against which 
performance is monitored and reported. Regarding GHG 
emissions, this plan was based on a scientific approach and 
is consistent with the aviation sector’s decarbonisation long-
term aspirational goal of reaching net-zero carbon emissions 
by 2050. Its success will depend on coordinated collaboration 
with numerous players in the sector.
The Company strives to have the aviation sector engaged to 
work towards and contribute to a just transition to a low-carbon 
economy, whereby air transport’s decarbonisation journey is 
fair and inclusive. According to the International Energy Agency, 
based on the remaining global carbon budget and the share 
allocated to air transport, air transport can grow at a certain 
level and meet the Paris Agreement objectives. This relies in part 
on technological developments to improve the efficiency of air 
transport, in which the Company has a critical role to play. This 
approach also echoes “net zero carbon 2050” ambitions from 
international sectoral bodies such as the Air Transport Action 
Group (ATAG), as well as the UN specialised civil aviation body, 
the International Civil Aviation Organization. This is consistent 
with the Company’s mid-term target setting, covering all three 
scopes, and with its core product policy that focuses on 
developing and delivering aircraft with lower carbon emissions 
while engaging with the energy ecosystem (see section 2. 
Product stewardship).
The cost of such a transformation of the sector is expected to 
be substantial. In particular, the carbon price (through taxation, 
emissions trading and crediting schemes) and the extra cost 
for SAF and/or higher investments are likely to materially impact 
business models of operators. However, even if reportedly 
difficult to predict, according to a study published in 2022 by 
ATAG named “What will it cost to get to net-zero carbon for 
global aviation?”, these extra costs could be offset to a large 
extent by more efficient operations, especially where markets 
are developing. This could mean limited consequences on air 
fares, with differences across regions. Ultimately, the overall 
affordability of air travel could remain relatively similar, and so; 
access to air travel should be preserved for the greatest number 
of people, according to the report.
The required transformation of the sector also implies the 
emergence of new technologies and associated ecosystems, 
with expected impacts on jobs and required skills. Preparing 
the workforce for such changes will be both a social duty 
and an important success factor. Conversely, if uncontrolled, 
the development of these technologies and energies could 
have undesirable side effects, such as inappropriate land use 
impacting local communities and human rights. The Company 
will strive to influence the ecosystem to consider and avoid 
these impacts, and to engage accordingly with any relevant 
stakeholders in constant dialogue.
1.  Industrial Operations
Commitments 2022 Progress
CO2  emissions
Scope 1&2
Absolute figures
2030
Target -63% (SBTi-validated) vs.  2015
neutralisation of residual emissions
aligned with 1.5°C pathway
-32%
          -63%
51%-to-target
2022
2023
Target (TCO scope): -5% vs. 2021
Target: 687 ktonsCO 2 e (-0.9% vs. 2022)
2022: -8.5% reported
(3.5p.p. overachievement)
Energy consumption
Absolute figures 2030 Target -20% vs. 2015
from stationary sources
-16.5%
          -20%
83%-to-target
The Company has defined targets and ambitions for its own 
operations.
CO2 emissions:
 – reduce direct (scope 1) and indirect (scope 2) net GHG 
emissions by 63% by 2030 compared to 2015 across the 
whole Company reporting scope. This target is in line with a 
“1.5°C” pathway and was validated by SBTi in January 2023. 
As an additional voluntary commitment, the Company 
has committed to compensating all residual emissions for 
scopes 1 & 2 from 2023 and gradually switching to using only 
carbon removals from 2030 and onwards;
 – beyond the mid-term plan, the Company’s ambition is to 
pursue reducing emissions aligned with a 1.5°C trajectory 
towards 2050. In order to do so, it is evaluating the future 
application of the SBTi Net-Zero standard and removing 
residual emissions as an additional voluntary commitment;
 – interim targets are set in line with the Company’s 2030 
roadmap. They refer to a material sub-scope of its operations 
representing 89% of total reported emissions in 2022, on which 
the Company can have a more direct control and influence 
(see below). This target was set in absolute value at 687kt 
CO2 e for 2023 (or -0.9% vs. 2022) on a scope extended to 
another four sites.
For performance monitoring purposes, the Company refers to 
Scope 1 & 2 market-based proxy – “market-based (location-
based net of REC)”, i.e. location based with purchased guarantees 
of origin deduced. The Company is working towards improving 
data collection and market-based methodology implementation. 
Meanwhile, this metric is used by the Company to measure its 
progress towards its 2030 target, in order to be able to take 
into account the contribution of its electricity sourcing on its 
industrial decarbonisation target. This refining of methodology is 
expected to trigger restatements in the coming years, including 
that of the 2015 baseline.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 73:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
73Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Energy:
 – reduce final energy consumption from stationary sources and 
electricity by 20% by 2030 compared to 2015 across the whole 
Company reporting scope.
In order to deliver its ambitions, the Company has developed 
a comprehensive action plan for both stationary (ground-
fixed assets) and mobile sources (vehicles such as cars, 
trucks or aircraft). This takes into account both efficiency and 
decarbonisation measures, complemented by an offset strategy 
for residual emissions.
This roadmap was further strengthened in 2022, and, together with proof points, can be synthesised as follows:
Stationary sources
~70% of energy consumption
(e.g. heating, cooling, manufacturing processes)
Mobile sources
~30% of energy consumption
(e.g. ground vehicles, “Beluga” air 
transport operations, flight test)
Energy 
efficiency 
measures
Substituting energy-intensive assets by energy-efficient ones and 
optimising energy consumptions.  In order to meet the -20% target 
by 2030, a portfolio of projects was identified and phased, including 
low-energy lighting, improved insulation, voltage management, energy-
efficient heating and cooling or optimised ventilation system, as well as 
enabling projects such as extending metering network, and enhancing 
energy monitoring solutions.
 - In 2022, 17,500 fixed phones were removed across European sites. In 
France, it represented electricity savings of 920MWh.
 - The installation of a compressed air management system in Donauwörth 
has saved approximately 150MWh.
 - In Broughton, automatic standby  in Paint Shops during weekends and 
shutdowns has already led to energy saving of 340MWh.
 - In the context of the energy crisis in Europe, the Company undertook 
a number of actions to contribute to the collective effort as a corporate 
citizen. This included reducing heating systems temperature by 1°C in 
its European sites, reducing heating device energy consumption by 
about 7%, and diverting from the use of gas to other sources of energy 
where possible in German sites.
Switching to lower emission vehicles where 
possible and avoiding emissions through 
better planning of flights and logistics.
 - Since 2022, new Beluga jigs and tools have 
enabled each logistic flight to transport two 
A350 wings instead of one previously.
 - Deployment of Airseas Seawing (see 
hereafter “other initiatives”) for vessels: 
the experiment on the “Ville de Bordeaux” 
transatlantic logistic vessel started in 
December 2021 continued in 2022.
Transition to 
low carbon 
energy 
sources
Ambition to secure at least 90% renewable or low-carbon electricity 
direct supply to all sites in Europe before 2030.
This will be achieved with the implementation from 2023 of power 
purchase agreement (PPA) contracts and a combination of local projects 
(wind, solar), complemented by electricity generated from nuclear power. 
The amount of electricity purchased through the PPA contracts will 
increase progressively.
 - The renewable power purchase agreement (PPA) project launched in 
2020 reached a major milestone in 2022 with the validation of renewable 
and low-carbon power purchase requirements as well as finalising the 
selection of suppliers. The Company is making progress on contracting 
for 2023 and 2024.
All remaining purchased electricity in Europe will be covered by 
guarantees of origin (GoOs) from 2024. In 2030, this will represent a 
maximum of 10% of consumed electricity.
 - Since 2019, the share of electricity consumption from industrial 
operations in Europe which is covered by GoOs has increased annually 
by 10%, exceeding 40% in 2022.
In addition, the Company is investigating similar opportunities in other 
regions ( e.g. USA, China).
More efficient heating systems energy sources.
 - The installation of a combined heat and power plant (CHP) in 
Donauwörth led to a further saving of 1,800t of CO2 .
 - An Enthalpy Recovery  project in Illescas and energy consumption by 
1,089MWh resulting in about 380t CO 2 e saving.
Using lower carbon fuels ( e.g. SAF). The 
share of SAF used in the Company’s own 
operations will progressively increase to at 
least 30% by 2030. 
The Company set an interim target of 10% 
in 2023 for its commercial aircraft activities 
and its Helicopters Division. This will concern 
flight tests, delivery flights and logistic flights 
(Belugas). In addition, the Company also 
started using sustainable fuels for its maritime 
logistics.
 - Since 2019, SAF has been used in the 
operation of the Company’s Beluga 
transport aircraft for the purpose of internal 
logistics.
 - In 2022, flight test activities in both Divisions 
started using SAF. In total, an estimated 
4,823 tons CO 2  were saved during the year 
when compared to conventional kerosene.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 74:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
74 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Carbon
offset 
strategy
The Company has committed to remove 100% of its residual emissions by 2030, which will represent around 
400kt CO 2 e in 2030. It will start with compensating all remaining emissions from 2023, with a gradual phase-in of 
carbon removal solutions to cover 100% of residual emissions by 2030. Both nature-based and technology-based 
solutions are considered, in alignment with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports.
Since 2019, the Company has introduced a mechanism to compensate for its business travel emissions based on the 
concepts of additionality, real (permanent) reduction, prevention of double counting, prevention of overestimation and 
no additional harm. As a minimum, the carbon offsets purchased by the Company are certified by the Gold Standard 
or Verra or Verified Carbon Standard or Climate, Community and Biodiversity Standards and the supplier needs to 
show proof of how each one of the mentioned criteria was met. In addition, understanding that these carbon offsetting 
programmes may have gaps in their methodologies, additional proof is requested of how such gaps are managed by 
the provider. Moreover, societal aspects are considered, such as prevention of child labour, respect of human rights 
and relations with the communities surrounding the projects.
The volume of offsets required in 2022 was around 45ktCO 2 e procured through offset producer South Pole in the 
form of a cluster of compensation and removal projects: aforestation (VCS), landfill gas and waste gas (GS-VER), forest 
conservation (VCS-CCBS). This contract with the South Pole has been reviewed to cover the full volume of 2023 residual 
emissions, estimated to be over 700kt CO 2 e.
In addition, the Company plans to secure 2024-2030 volumes well in advance. Terms will meet underlying principles 
of progressive transition towards 100% removals, as well as a relevant mix of nature-based and technology-based 
solutions.
 - In 2022, to foster tech-based solutions development, the Company has partnered with 1PointFive, a US company, 
and has pre-purchased 100,000 tons of carbon removals per year over four years – or 400,000 tons in total – as part 
of an initial offtake. A portion of these volumes will be allocated to the Company’s scope 1 & 2 offset strategy.
As an enabler for consistent decision making, the Company 
uses an internal carbon price  to support investment with 
positive energy and CO 2  reduction impacts on operations. In 
2021, this price was updated from 30 €/tCO 2  to 150 €/tCO 2 , 
giving a clear signal to project leaders on the importance of 
CO2  footprint reduction and enabling an acceleration of project 
portfolio implementation.
Tracking Progress and Performance
In 2022, scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions have decreased by around 5.8% (-8.5% on TCO scope), exceeding the target, primarily due to 
four factors: the acceleration of energy saving investments and of SAF usage (that reached over 3% of the Company’s total aircraft 
fuel consumption (see above)), the lower-than-planned industrial ramp-up, the deployment of additional energy saving measures 
in the context of the energy crisis, as well as clement weather conditions especially over the last months of the year. 
2015 2022
611
2030
0
500
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
1 000
1 000
2 000
1 500
ktons CO₂e - Scope 1&2
Deliveries
Actuals Target Revised ambition Deliveries
762
-63% vs 2015
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 75:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
75Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
TCO Target 2021 2022 YoY Change
CO 2 e (in ktons) -5% 741 678 -8.5%
Verified by EY®, based on limited assurance.
The TCO scope is reviewed annually. It covered 89% of total emissions in 2022. Data were updated to reflect change in TCO scope accordingly. Geographical scope: In 2022, 
48 sites . Scope of metrics: Scope 1 & 2 and notably excluding refrigerant leakage, electricity on site from CHP, emissions due to processes, as well as excluding DFO for 12 sites 
and heating for one site representing less than 4 ktons CO 2e in total. Scope 2 is location based with purchased guarantees of origin deduced.
Additional performance metrics are disclosed in “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board – Environmental performance”.
2.  Product Stewardship
Commitments 2022 Progress / performance
CO2 e Scope 3 intensity
Delivered aircraft efficiency  
(gCO2 /km.pax)
2035 Target -46% vs. 2015
SBTi-validated -27%
          -46%
60%
achieved-to-target2050 Support sector’s “net zero CO 2  ambition”
In 2022, the Company defined a target for its Scope 3 category 
11 (use of sold products) for commercial aircraft products, 
covering over 90% of its total emissions:
 – CO2 : reduce scope 3 (category 11 – use of sold product) for 
commercial aircraft by 46% in terms of CO 2  per passenger-
kilometre. This target, alongside the Company’s scope 1 & 2 
target, was validated by SBTi in January 2023, showing the 
Company’s GHG reduction targets are aligned with the goals 
of the Paris Agreement adopted at COP21 in December 2015. 
It was set based on the carbon budget allocated to aviation by 
the International Energy Agency in its Sustainable Development 
Scenario (SDS);
 – this is a physical intensity target, in line with the SBTi 
recommendations, and highlighting the importance 
of technology and aircraft carbon efficiency for the 
decarbonisation of the sector. The metric is based on the 
Company’s corresponding scope 3 Use of Sold Product for 
commercial aircraft. In alignment with SBTi methodology, it 
now includes emissions from upstream fuel production and 
predicted average SAF usage over the aircraft lifetime as per 
IEA SDS (ETP 2020) scenario. See “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board – 
Environmental performance” for detailed methodology.
The Company is committed to contributing to meeting the 
Paris Agreement targets and to taking a leading role in the 
decarbonisation of the aviation sector in cooperation with all 
stakeholders. Consequently, the Company is developing a multi-
faceted climate-impact programme for commercial aircraft. This 
includes a focus on new aircraft technology development, SAF, 
hydrogen, air traffic management (ATM) solutions, and carbon 
removal solutions.
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
0
2020 2030 2040 2050
frozen 2019 technology
Disruptive technology
Operations & Infrastrucures
Sustainable Aviation Fuels
Offsetting
Sector’s net zero 2050
aspirational goal
The aviation industry’s roadmap towards carbon neutral emissions by 2050
Source: the Company, based on ATAG Waypoint 2050 report (2021) - Scenario 3: “aspirational and aggressive technology perspectives”
CO2 emissions (in millions of tons)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 76:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
76 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Aviation Industry Targets
The efforts of the aviation sector to reduce its environmental 
footprint started decades ago, with significant achievements to 
report. Since the 1990s, the sector has improved significantly 
the fuel and CO2  efficiency of subsequent generations of 
aircraft, thereby reducing CO 2  emissions per revenue passenger 
kilometre by more than 50% (according to ATAG). In 2009, the 
aviation sector was the first to agree at sectoral level on ambitious 
CO2  emission reduction goals through ATAG by committing to an 
aspirational goal of reducing net emissions from aviation by 50% 
by 2050 compared to 2005 levels. In September 2021, ATAG 
updated its ambition and commitment with the 2021 edition 
of the “ATAG Waypoint 2050” report to reflect the industry’s 
increased ambition to achieve “net-zero carbon emissions” by 
2050 and contribute to the Paris Agreement goals. Along with the 
revised ambition, ATAG provided several scenarios with ranges of 
improvement for each mitigation option (technology and design 
improvements, operational and ATM enhancements, SAF (drop 
in) and hydrogen (non drop-in) solutions, and market-based 
measures including ICAO’s Carbon Offsetting and Reduction 
Scheme). In the most ambitious scenario, a reduction of up to 
40% of CO 2  emissions can be achieved through technological 
developments, as illustrated by the graph.
In Europe, the EU Green Deal creates conditions and 
opportunities for the Company and the European aviation 
industry to accelerate the transition. The Company supports the 
ambition to reach a net-zero carbon aviation ecosystem in Europe 
by 2050, and will contribute to the EU’s “2030 Climate Target 
Plan”. At the international level, in October 2022, ICAO member 
states adopted a long-term aspirational goal (LTAG) that sets the 
objective of net zero carbon emissions in 2050 for international 
civil aviation operations. This paves the way for the transformation 
of the aviation sector on a level playing field and will accelerate 
the development of mitigation measures such as fleet renewal, 
aircraft and engine technologies, alternative energy sources 
such as SAF or green hydrogen, and the optimisation of the 
operational practices and air traffic management enhancements. 
The Company fully supports this international achievement.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 77:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
77Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The Company’s roadmap to reducing emissions
In this context and as a core axis of its strategy, the Company aims to accelerate the development of lower emission technologies in 
order to market lower carbon aircraft such as hydrogen-powered aircraft. Fostering the ecosystem readiness including associated 
infrastructure and the dynamic deployment of SAF will be another priority, in order to achieve the ambition while minimising the 
recourse to offsetting, as presented below.
  Strategic pathway 1 Renew current fleets with best-in-class aircraft
Around 75% of the global commercial aircraft fleet is still made up of older generation aircraft, 
while latest generation aircraft are up to 25% more efficient than the previous generation. 
Renewing the fleet therefore offers immediate huge potential for aviation decarbonisation.
The Company’s commercial aircraft portfolio includes the most efficient aircraft:
 - A350 and A330neo offer 25% reduction in fuel burn and significantly reduced noise footprint 
versus the previous generation of aircraft;
 - the A320neo family brings a 20% reduction in fuel burn, and nearly half the noise footprint 
compared to previous generation of aircraft;
 - A220 offers 25% reduction in CO 2  emissions per seat versus previous generation of small 
single aisle aircraft, 50% reduction in noise footprint and 50% fewer NO x  emissions than the 
standards.
The Company is continuously improving its products through new aerostructures designs and 
technologies, advanced materials, upgraded systems and more fuel-efficient engines aiming to 
achieve CO 2 , NO x  and noise emissions reductions in operations.
 › In 2022, 99% of the delivered 
commercial aircraft corresponded to 
latest generation aircraft (2021: 95%).
 › Continuous improvement commitment 
is also reflected by the Company’s 
contribution to Europe’s CleanSky2 
programme: a military aircraft C295 
from the Company has been used as 
an in-flight technology demonstrator, 
Flight Test Bed.
  Strategic pathway 2 Developing and deploying SAF, with all aircraft types 100% SAF compatible before 2030
In order to accelerate its action plan, the Company strengthened its governance on this matter by creating a dedicated project team, 
responsible for the end-to-end SAF roadmap strategy and deployment.
Deliver technical capability
Although they currently represent a small share of aviation’s fuel use, 
SAF are key for the air transport sector decarbonisation strategy. All 
the Company’s commercial aircraft are already certified to fly with a 
fuel blend of up to 50% SAF. SAF produced by using most advanced 
pathways can provide CO2  emission reductions of up to 80% throughout 
their life cycle. This means that already today, the emissions from aircraft 
currently offered by the Company could be reduced by ~40% if their full 
blending capability was used.
Looking ahead, the Company’s ambition is to have  all its aircraft  
platforms, including helicopters, capable of being operated with 100% 
SAF before the end of the decade .
The 50% limit is set today to ensure the blended SAF fits within the JetA 
specification, and thus can be used on aircraft with no modification. 
Going beyond this limit implies either modifying the aircraft, and 
surrounding infrastructure, to adapt to what would be a new fuel, “non-
drop in”, or working on a purely synthetic fuel that would fit within the 
JetA specification, “drop in” solution.
The Company is involved in two main research projects: VOLCAN 
(A319 with CFM engines) and ECLIF3 (A350 with Rolls Royce engines), 
conducted in partnership with important actors of the industry. Both 
projects aim at assessing the impact of 100% SAF (non-drop in) on 
engine and fuel systems while measuring the positive impact on aircraft’s 
emissions and fuel efficiency. Both projects will pave the way for going 
beyond current maximum blending levels for SAF (currently 50%). They 
will allow the Company to collect information and enable further research 
activities and technical work in order to reach the goal of gaining 100% 
SAF certification for commercial flights.
 › Since 2008, the Company has acted as an important 
catalyst in the certification process, demonstration flights, 
partnerships and policy advocacy of sustainable jet fuel.
 › Since 2011, over 460,000 commercial flights have used SAF 
and more than 1  million flights with SAF are expected by 
2025 (source: IATA, flynetzero, 2021).
 › Besides ECLIF and VOLCAN projects, flight test campaigns 
started with the A380, with the A320 powered by P&W, and 
with the H225 helicopter (with both engines).
 › Flight tests using blended SAF were also performed on 
the A400M and C295 military aircraft. The Company, the 
Organisation for Joint Armament Cooperation (OCCAR) 
and the A400M customer nations are engaged in initial 
discussions to develop the roadmap towards the certification 
and operational use of 100% SAF in military aircraft.
 › In addition, the Company and other industry partners have 
carried out in 2022 the world’s first 100% SAF flight using an 
in-service military aircraft.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 78:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
78 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
“Prime the pump”
In addition, as an aircraft operator through its flight tests and internal 
logistics, the Company strives to “prime the pump” by demonstrating 
market demand (see industrial operations).
In the context of the developing regulatory frameworks fostering SAF 
market growth, the Company supports policies that would incentivise 
SAF production and usage at affordable costs. In particular, the Company 
is supporting and sharing industry best practices, looking at production 
levels assessment, life cycle analysis methodology and sustainability 
criteria and standards harmonisation.
 › While the aviation sector contemplates an objective of 
10% SAF globally by 2030, today’s pipeline of demand 
hardly exceeds 20 Mtons, suggesting necessity for further 
acceleration.
 › The USA Sustainable Skies Act targets 3  billion gallons 
annually by 2030.
 › The EU’s current “ReFuelEU” legislative proposal targets a 
5% SAF mandate for 2030 growing to 63% by 2050 (including 
>28% synthetic e-fuels).
Foster SAF ecosystem readiness and partnerships
The Company believes a coordinated action of all actors could foster a 
10% SAF penetration at the global level by 2030.
Today, SAF production is very limited. The price and global production 
capacity remain the main constraints for operators, preventing large-
scale incorporation of these types of fuels. A rapid ramp-up is necessary 
to enable the aviation sector’s ambitions and to decrease the emissions 
of the Company’s product in use. Matching SAF production and demand 
is essential to achieve the establishment of the SAF market.
The Company supports decarbonisation scenarios which include an 
ambitious rollout of SAF using all possible pathways (HEFA, alcohol-to-
jet, Fischer Tropsch, power-to-liquid, etc.).
Actions need to be global and associated with regulatory frameworks 
and incentivisation schemes. It is necessary to create market emergence 
conditions:
 - give visibility and confidence to producers, be capable to attract 
investors;
 - give access for end users (airlines) to enough volumes at a fair price, 
and maintain a level playing field for aviation.
Positive momentum is seen in the European Union and in the US. A 
similar pace for creating a favourable ecosystem is needed worldwide. 
Creating favourable conditions for the SAF market to develop can be 
achieved if stakeholders gather together in collaborative platforms such 
as Commercial Aviation Alternative Fuels Initiative (CAAFI) in the US.
As of 2022, 38 countries have implemented SAF policies to support the 
industry’s ambition, according to IATA.
 › The Company estimates that products delivered in 2022 will 
see their life-time emissions reduced by around 14% thanks 
to the gradual introduction of SAF during their operational 
life (compared to a “no SAF” scenario). This considers a SAF 
penetration scenario aligned with the IEA SDS (ETP2020), 
and with the Company’s scope  3 disclosure and SBTI-
validated target.
 › The Company is engaged in many initiatives and partnerships 
promoting the development of SAF production and use, 
participating for instance in the World Economic Forum, 
including its “First Movers Coalition” and “Clean Skies for 
Tomorrow” coalition, and in the Coalition for the Energies of 
the Future.
This also includes partnerships with producers such as the 
agreement signed in 2022 with Neste, aiming to accelerate the 
aviation sector’s transition to SAF.
 › As a member of ICCAIA (through ASD), the Company has 
actively supported the activities of ICAO defining the 2050 
net zero carbon long-term aspirational goal for civil aviation 
and continuously contributes to the Committee on Aviation 
Environmental Protection (CAEP) on SAF.
 › The Company contributed to the 2019 study from which the 
French SAF roadmap was developed.
 › In the UK, the Company is a member of the Jet Zero Council 
under which a SAF delivery group has been put in place.
Regarding SAF production, the Company supports CORSIA’s standard emphasising the necessity to respect land rights and 
land use rights including indigenous and/or customary rights. The Company is committed to complying with local regulations 
and CORSIA’s standard for its own usage.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 79:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
79Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
  Strategic pathway 3 Investing in technologies to reduce product emissions
Disruptive engines and airframe to further reduce emissions
On the engine side, the Company is closely following innovations coming 
from the engine manufacturers, and supporting them to adapt their latest 
innovation to aircraft needs.
The wings are often referred to as the second main lever to reduce 
aircraft emissions. Several technologies are being studied such as:
 - the Company’s transnational research & technology programme, 
“wing of tomorrow”, has successfully delivered a first full-size wing 
prototype or “demonstrator” that will help mature next-generation wing 
technologies;
 - the completion of the first of three fully composite wing demonstrators 
marks the integration of more than 100 different component and 
manufacturing technologies that include an all-new industrial assembly 
system, and which have helped validate key automation targets;
 - wing of tomorrow is particularly efficient thanks to the incorporation of 
lighter composite components and of a folding wing tip.
 › In July 2022, the Company partnered with CFM to test flight 
the “open fan” technology. The open fan architecture is a key 
component of the engine maker’s “revolutionary innovation 
for sustainable engines” (RISE) technology development 
programme  – aims to demonstrate and mature a range of 
new technologies for future engines that could enter service 
by the mid-2030s.
The open fan engine will be tested on an A380 in the second 
half of this decade.
 › The “eXtra performance wing project”, launched in 
September  2021, improves wing aerodynamics and 
performance that is intended to be compatible with any 
future aircraft configuration and propulsion system to reduce 
CO2  emissions.
In April 2022, The Company completed wind-tunnel testing of 
its eXtra performance wing demonstrator.
Hydrogen-powered commercial aircraft ambition by 2035
The Company believes hydrogen is one of the most promising 
technologies for reducing aviation’s climate impact. If produced from low 
carbon electricity through electrolysis, it allows a significant reduction in 
overall emissions.
Aviation will be an end use application of hydrogen. The Company sees 
two primary uses for hydrogen:
 - hydrogen can be used to directly power the aircraft by being 
combusted through modified gas-turbine engines or converted into 
electric power via  fuel cells. The combination of both would create an 
efficient hybrid electric propulsion chain powered entirely by hydrogen;
 - hydrogen can be used to create eFuels (power-to-liquid or power-
biomass-to-liquid synthetic fuels in combination with carbon from 
biomass or enhanced carbon sink sources).
From hydrogen propulsion to hydrogen-based synthetic SAF, from 
pod configuration to blended-wing aircraft, the Company is evaluating, 
maturing and validating radical technological breakthroughs.
 › In 2020 the Company revealed three different hydrogen-
powered “ZEROe” concept aircraft. They illustrate the 
research that the Company is investing in with the objective 
to bring a hydrogen-powered commercial aircraft to market 
in 2035.
 › Progress was made in key areas in 2022:
 - the launch of the hydrogen combustion engine A380-
based demonstrator, in partnership with CFM;
 - the iron pod of a first fuel cell powered engine is ready 
to be tested  in the EAS test house, and the launch of its 
associated demonstrator, also based on a modified A380;
 › the launch of the Blue Condor demonstrator to study and 
assess the impact of non-CO2  emissions induced by 
hydrogen combustion;
 › the launch of “Zero-Emission Development Centres” around 
Europe (France, Germany, Spain in 2021; UK in 2022), and 
the first prototype of cryogenic tanks -and coldbox- tested 
with nitrogen and then hydrogen.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 80:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
80 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Foster hydrogen ecosystem readiness
The Company goes beyond technology maturation by collaborating with the wider ecosystem, and focusing primarily on the evolution of 
market needs and how they can be answered with low-carbon hydrogen. It has engaged in many partnerships, as well as collaborations 
and alliances with airports, airlines, and energy providers. Hydrogen can only become a substantial decarbonisation lever with the 
support of all stakeholders.
 › In 2019, the Company signed a memorandum of understanding with airlines such as SAS Scandinavian Airlines and easyJet to jointly 
research a hydrogen-powered aircraft ecosystem and its infrastructure requirements.
 › It has joined several major hydrogen alliances, such as the Hydrogen Council, Hydrogen Europe, and European Clean Hydrogen 
Alliance. It has launched in 2020 a joint-venture with ElringKlinger in order to benefit from the huge cross-industry experience of other 
industries, and accelerate its ambition.
 › It also participates in The Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Undertaking, European Clean Hydrogen Alliance, France Hydrogène, French 
Conseil National de l’Hydrogène , and the German Wasserstoffrat.
The ecosystem  challenge (Multi-Parties Strategic Partnerships)
 › The Company promotes the “H2 Hub at airport” concept in which partners will join forces to adapt the infrastructure to the use of 
hydrogen by aircraft, and more. In this context, it has signed partnerships with Delta, Wizz Air, Linde, Air Liquide, Changi Airport / Caas, 
Korean Air, Incheon Airport, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Kansai Airport, Plug Power, Fortescue Future Industries, ANA, Air New 
Zealand, Vinci, Engie, AREC, group ADP, Bristol Airport, Hynamics, Hydrogen South West, SAVE SNAM and Milan Airport.
Electric flight
The Company’s work in electric flight has laid the 
foundations for the future concept of lower carbon 
commercial aircraft. Since 2014, the Company has been 
exploring how recent technology advancements – from 
battery capacity and autonomy to electric propulsion – 
can help drive the development of new kinds of aerial 
vehicles with the potential for significantly reduced 
impact.
EcoPulse. The Company has partnered with Daher and 
Safran to develop a distributed hybrid-propulsion aircraft 
demonstrator with the support of France’s CORAC and 
DGAC and for which it is providing battery technology 
and overseeing aerodynamic modelling.
Urban air mobility ambition.  The idea for a compact 
“flying taxi” first came from the Company’s desire to take 
city commuting into the air in a sustainable way. The 
Company has learned a lot from the test campaigns with 
two demonstrators, CityAirbus and Vahana. Beyond the 
vehicle, the Company is working with partners, cities; 
and city inhabitants in order to create the ecosystem 
that is essential for this new operating environment to 
deliver a sustainable service to society.
 › In 2022, the Company partnered with Renault Group to advance research on 
electrification and mature technologies associated with next-generation battery 
systems. Engineering teams will focus on energy storage, which remains one 
of the main roadblocks for the development of long-range electric vehicles. 
This includes technology bricks related to energy management optimisation 
and battery weight improvement, and looking for the best pathways to move 
from current cell chemistries (advanced lithium-ion) to all solid-state designs 
which could double the energy density of batteries in the 2030 timeframe.
 › The Company is also investing in the required facilities to test these new 
technologies. Inaugurated in 2019, the more than 3,000m2  E-Aircraft System 
House (“EAS”) is the largest test house dedicated exclusively to alternative 
propulsion systems and fuels in Europe. This means the Company can now 
test the latest electric motors and hybrid-electric engines directly on its own 
premises, and develop its own low-emission alternative propulsion units.
 › In May  2018, the Company created the Urban Mobility entity to take its 
exploration into cutting-edge commercial urban air mobility solutions and 
services to the next level.
 › The CityAirbus NextGen revealed in September  2021  strikes a balance 
between hover and forward flight. This product vision is intended to target 
the first markets/use cases and support the creation and maturation of the 
technology, business and industry.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 81:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
81Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
  Strategic pathway 4 Investing in smart air traffic management (ATM) solutions and optimised operations
Improving the efficiency of air transport operations and infrastructure could 
reduce emissions by up to 10% (source: ATAG).
The Company therefore supports initiatives aimed at reducing ATM 
inefficiencies such as the Single European Sky Air Traffic Management 
Research programme (“ SESAR”), while working on disruptive practices 
like formation flying. The Company also focuses on developing fuel saving 
procedures for airports and ground operations to minimise the use of engine 
power and auxiliary power units (“APU”) while the aircraft is on the ground.
The Company organises face-to-face forums and webinars every year with 
airlines to exchange knowledge on how to improve ground and in-flight 
operational efficiency and using latest technological solutions. Namely, a “fuel 
efficiency network” has been developed with representatives of the ecosystem 
including airlines, ATM, engine manufacturers, airports and suppliers.
In November 2019, the Company launched the fello’fly project which aims to 
demonstrate the technical, operational and commercial viability of two aircraft 
flying closer together for long-haul flights. Through fello’fly, the follower aircraft 
will retrieve the energy lost by the wake of a leader aircraft by flying in the 
smooth updraft of the air it creates. This provides lift to the follower aircraft, 
allowing it to decrease engine thrust and therefore reduce fuel consumption in 
the range of 5-10% per trip.
Through its subsidiary Navblue, the Company provides services helping its 
customers to minimise fuel consumption with best operational practices, 
innovative services and training.
Through its subsidiary Metron, the Company provides solutions to airports, 
authorities and airlines to optimise air traffic management taking into account 
live congestion and weather condition data, hence reducing engines’ running 
time and fuel burnt. In 2022, flights in the airspace of nine countries could 
benefit from it.
 › Coordinated by the Company in the Single European 
Sky ATM Research programme (SESAR), ALBATROSS 
launched in 2021, is an initiative of major European 
aviation stakeholders to demonstrate how the technical 
and operational innovations the Company delivered in 
the past years can be combined and used all together 
to further reduce the environmental footprint of aviation 
on the short term. It includes technologies such 
as continuous climb and descent operations, flight 
trajectory optimisation with real-time transmission of 
four-dimensional trajectory data and hybrid “taxibot” 
assistance on ground operations.
 › By end 2020, the Company’s fello’fly demonstrator 
project had signed agreements with two airline 
customers, Frenchbee and  SAS Scandinavian Airlines, 
as well as with three Air Navigation Service Providers 
(ANSP) – France’s DSNA (Direction des Services de la 
Navigation Aérienne ), the UK’s NATS (National Air Traffic 
Services) and European Eurocontrol – to demonstrate its 
operational feasibility. In November 2021, two A350 test 
aircraft conducted the first-ever transatlantic fello’fly flight 
confirming the potential for fuel savings of more than 5% 
during long-haul flights.
 › In 2022, Metron’s ATM optimisation solution deployment 
was further extended to Qatar and expanded in 
Singapore. It is estimated that some 2Mt CO 2  were 
avoided in 2022 by the global fleet thanks to this 
innovation.
  Strategic pathway 5 Encouraging temporary CO 2  emission compensation schemes
Finally, CO 2  emission compensation will be instrumental to stabilising aviation 
emissions in the medium term until disruptive solutions reach market maturity. 
For that reason, the Company supports ICAO’s CORSIA scheme as the only 
global market-based measure for international civil aviation.
The Company believes that direct air carbon capture and storage (DACCS) 
is a high-potential technology that could turn out to be meaningful in carbon 
schemes applicable to aviation at some point. It involves capturing CO 2  
emissions directly from the air using high powered fans. Once removed from 
the air, the CO2  can be used to produce power-to-liquid SAF that is drop-
in compatible with today’s aircraft. As the aviation industry cannot capture 
CO2  emissions released into the atmosphere at source, captured atmospheric 
CO 2  can also be safely and permanently stored in reservoirs within rock 
formations. This latter carbon removal solution would allow the sector to 
extract the equivalent amount of emissions from its operations directly from 
the air, thereby removing residual emissions.
 › In 2021, the Company and a number of major airlines 
– Air Canada, Air France-KLM, easyJet, International 
Airlines Group, LATAM Airlines Group, Lufthansa Group 
and Virgin Atlantic – have signed Letters of Intent (LoI) 
to explore opportunities for a future supply of carbon 
removal credits from direct air carbon capture technology.
 › In 2022, the Company partnered with 1PointFive and 
pre-purchased 400,000  tons of carbon removals (see 
Offset Strategy  above). It also invested in Carbon 
Engineering  Ltd., a Canadian-based climate solutions 
company, operating the largest Direct Air Carbon 
Capture (DACC) Research & Development facility in the 
world.
Non-CO2 Effect Impacts
Aircraft engines produce emissions linked to the fuel combustion 
and indirect emissions formed in its wake. Those emissions, 
which have an impact on climate when flying in high altitudes, 
include CO2 , nitrogen oxides (NO x ), water vapour (H 2 O), nvPM 
(non-volatile particulate matter of black-carbon or soot), 
sulphur oxides (SOx ) and condensation trails. Depending upon 
prevailing weather conditions, altitude and geographical location, 
non-CO2  emissions can change the chemical composition of 
the atmosphere and the cloudiness, which in turn affect the 
climate. CO2  emissions contribute to increased atmospheric 
CO 2  concentrations, which induce a low and positive radiative 
forcing, but with cumulative effects due to the long lifetime of 
this greenhouse gas in the atmosphere. Non-CO2  emissions do 
not have the same cumulative effect as CO 2 . Non-CO 2  forcers 
such as contrail-cirrus and NO x  are short-lived components that 
have stronger, but time-limited effects. Uncertainties are still 
high on the exact impact of non-CO2  emissions of aviation. Lee 
et al. 2020, states that uncertainties around the contribution of 
non-CO2  emissions on aviation’s net effective radiative forcing 
(ERF) are ~8 times higher than those of CO 2 .
Non-CO 2  emissions can have both positive and negative radiative 
impacts. In particular, contrail-cirrus can have large cooling or 
warming effects depending on several factors such as their 
location and time of generation, spatial coverage, lifetime, or 
optical properties (ice crystals size, shape, density), though the 
effect at night is exclusively warming.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 82:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
82 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The Company is actively working on a large portfolio of 
projects focused on increasing the understanding of non-CO 2  
emissions generation, their evolution and their climate effects, 
but also to evaluate and develop solutions covering several 
promising mitigation options impacting three well-identified 
domains: through the use of new energies such as SAF or 
hydrogen, enhanced engine technology and flight operations 
(implementation of operational/ATM measures). These include:
 – on SAF, the ECLIF and VOLCAN projects included a DLR’s 
Falcon aircraft, flying within 100m behind the Company test 
aircraft fuelled with 100% SAF, to capture and analyse in-flight 
data. The preliminary observations show a positive impact of 
SAF on aircraft emissions, and the tests will continue in 2023;
 – on hydrogen, the Company launched Blue Condor in 2022, 
a demonstrator taking a modified glider up to 33,000 feet to 
analyse hydrogen combustion’s impact on contrail properties. 
The result of this analysis will provide critical information on 
aviation’s non-CO2  emissions, including contrails and NO x , in 
advance of the ZEROe demonstrator flight testing;
 – on operational measures, the Company announced in 2022 
its participation in the Contrail Impact Task Force, a cross-
sector cooperation led by the RMI (Rocky Mountain Institute) 
to explore opportunities to address the warming impact of 
certain contrails. It also submitted a project proposal in the 
frame of SESAR 3. If selected – expected early 2023, as 
expected, the Company’s project (due to start in 2023) will 
run for three years with the objectives of improving weather 
forecasting capabilities, improving climate impact assessment, 
defining a climate-optimised concept of operations and trialling 
system solutions at aircraft and ATC level. The project will 
bring together experts and partners from climate science, 
meteorological institutions, airlines, manufacturers and air 
traffic control. to focus on effective and operationally viable 
solutions to aviation non-CO2  emissions.
Products and Services Supporting Climate Monitoring 
and Adaptation
Climate change-related disasters are set to become more 
intense and frequent. This will require immediate action from 
rescue teams for whom the Company’s products play an 
important role. For instance, the Company’s helicopters are 
used by public authorities around the world in missions linked 
to disaster risk management, including medical evacuation, 
search and rescue or firefighting operations. In 2022, around 
20% of delivered helicopters were equipped for such missions.
Military aircraft platforms can play a crucial role in the protection 
of populations from natural disasters, such as for example 
during the aftermath of hurricane “Irma” in 2017 when several 
European nations used their A400M and C295 aircraft to 
transport first aid and humanitarian equipment to several 
impacted Caribbean islands. In July  2022, a removable 
firefighting demonstrator kit was successfully tested on the 
A400M airlifter during a flight test campaign in Spain. Due to 
its low-level flight capability and manoeuvrability at low speeds, 
the A400M can accurately drop payloads of water at very low 
heights, down to 150ft.
The Company’s space products also play an important role 
in the understanding of climate phenomenon and monitoring 
of their evolution. Today, 20 of the Company’s satellites are 
involved in climate change monitoring and an additional 20 
are in development. As climate adaptation entails preparing 
for natural disasters, this critical geospatial data enables 
the Company to deliver data that helps governments and 
humanitarian agencies predict and manage disasters. Earth-
observation satellites allow the monitoring of deforestation, 
rising sea levels and GHG emissions in the atmosphere. The 
Company is involved in all major environment-monitoring 
satellite programmes in Europe and plays a key role in all 
12 of the Copernicus missions, the EU’s Earth Observation 
Programme. For instance, the Sentinel-5 Precursor satellite is 
fitted with an array of measuring equipment used for air quality, 
ozone and ultra-violet radiation, and climate monitoring and 
forecasting. Sentinel-5P takes up to 40 million observations per 
day and provides a much finer view of emissions than previous 
satellites or detectors on the ground.
In 2022, the Company has progressed on the development and 
testing of new technologies that will be featured on biomass, 
the first ever satellite that will report how much CO2  is captured 
by the world’s forests. The spacecraft will deliver accurate 
maps of tropical, temperate and boreal forest biomass and 
changes in the biomass stock that are not obtainable by ground 
measurement techniques. In arid areas of the planet, it will see 
through to the underlying bedrock, enabling mapping of the 
rock structure and search for subterranean reservoirs of water.
Upcoming missions also include EarthCARE, monitoring the 
impact of clouds and tiny atmospheric particles (aerosols) 
on atmospheric radiation; Merlin, studying GHG and global 
warming; and Microcarb, measuring CO2  levels.
The Company’s satellite-based services help support a 
more sustainable agriculture. They provide insights enabling 
reduction in the use of nitrates, and play a significant role 
in helping agro-industrial companies like Ferrero or Nestlé 
monitor adherence to their non-deforestation commitments. 
The Company’s Pléiades Neo constellation delivers precision 
insights to help farmers cultivate their fields more sustainably in 
the context of a changing climate. Pléiades Neo’s Red Edge band 
makes it possible to accurately predict and pinpoint subtle stress 
situations in crops long before the problem can be detected with 
conventional vegetation indices or even the human eye. This 
information will allow farmers to assess the root cause of the 
problem and take remedial action before the ailment spreads 
or crops are lost, enabling more effective climate adaptation.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 83:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
83Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Investing in the Future
The Company is investing in and accelerating its efforts on five complementary strategic pathways to reduce its environmental 
footprint, in support of the overall sector ambition, as highlighted above. Overall, a major portion of the Company capital expenditures 
(CapEx), R&T, and R&D expenses is linked to its commercial aircraft activities and the realisation of these five decarbonisation 
pathways. In 2022, the total R&D spend of the Company amounted to € 3.1 billion (2021: € 2.7 billion).
Progress and Performance
In 2022, the Company delivered 661 commercial aircraft. Of note, the emissions of five A330-200 aircraft destined to A330 MRTT 
production are excluded from the commercial aircraft perimeter and included in the military aircraft perimeter as part of the “other 
products” category. Based on an average life-time in service of around 22 years (average life-times specific to each aircraft type were 
used in the calculation), and SAF uptake assumptions as per IEA-SDS scenario 2020, the total CO2  emissions for these products 
over their anticipated life-time is estimated at around 425MtCO 2 e, which translates to an average efficiency of 64.4gCO 2 e per 
passenger-kilometre. In 2021, the Company delivered 611 aircraft with resulting estimated life-time emissions of around 400MtCO 2 e 
and average efficiency of 66.3gCO 2 e per passenger-kilometre.
88.8
64.4
Linear extrapolation to target Actual deliveries' average lifetime efficiency
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
20352030202520202015
Target
Intensity metric bridge (gCO 2 e/RPK - 2022 datapoint)
61.5
+13.4
-10.5
64.4
Intensity as per
2021 disclosure
SBTi-aligned
intensity metric
Emissions
linked
to fuel
production
SAF
beneﬁt
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 84:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
84 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
In 2022, in order to align with SBTi-validated target methodology, 
the Company established a new efficiency metric that will be 
used for performance measurement. Namely, the difference in 
the two efficiency metrics can be explained by differences in 
the following two key assumptions: the integration of emissions 
related to the upstream fuel production and the consideration 
of the likely usage of SAF over the product lifetime, as per the 
IEA-SDS assumptions, as illustrated on the chart for the year 
2022. The Company estimates that products delivered in 2022 
will see their life-time emissions reduced by around 14% thanks 
to the gradual introduction of SAF during their operational life. 
For all reported Scope 3 figures and performance metrics, see 
“– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board”.
Efficiency metric (SBTi-validated target) – Since 2015, aircraft 
efficiency measured through this metric has improved by 27%, 
largely supported by significant investments into new aircraft 
technology and designs, as well as by projected SAF uptake 
impact to a lower extent. Given the variable time horizons of 
each of the five decarbonisation pathways presented above, 
it is expected that the increase of SAF used by airlines in the 
coming decades will have a decisive impact for achieving this 
-46% target by 2035. The Company intends to develop means 
to monitor the actual availability of SAF and the resulting impact 
on aircraft emissions.
3.  Supply Chain Engagement
Target 2022 Performance
CDP Engagement
Suppliers responding to CDP questionnaire
Maintain at least 75%
of sourcing volume (based on year-1 turnover)
78%
+3p.p. vs.  target
While the greatest contribution from the Company’s supply 
chain to decarbonisation will be the capacity of its suppliers to 
accompany the development and delivery of technical solutions, 
getting its whole supply chain operations engaged into the 
transition towards a low carbon economy also remains a priority.
Scope 3 Purchased Goods and Services
In 2021, the Company published a first evaluation of the GHG 
emissions arising from the goods and services it purchases 
(Scope 3 – Purchased goods and service) based on its 2020 
spend that amounted to 11.3 MtCO2 e. In the course of 2022, 
the calculation methodology has been refined which resulted 
in a reduction of 12.5% of reported emissions to 9.9MtCO2 e. 
Following similar assumptions, emissions based on 2021 spent 
were estimated at about 8.4MtCO2 e. 2022 estimates will be 
computed in early 2023 as spent data consolidation is completed.
These evaluations were performed using a dedicated tool 
developed by the International Aerospace Environmental 
Group (IAEG) and are expected to be further refined in the 
coming years as mass-based information can be used. See 
methodology details in “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board – Environmental 
performance”. While this method includes a certain degree of 
uncertainty – considered high by the IAEG on a certain number 
of emissions factors used – it provides a relevant view of the 
sources of GHG emissions in the Company’s supply chain 
and enables comparison of the Company’s various scopes 
throughout its supply chain.
Notably, this evaluation helped prioritise the engagement with the 
highest contributing suppliers, through the CDP (see hereafter) or 
the Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct (see “– 1.2.15 Responsible 
Supply Chain”).
CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project)
In addition, the Company considers a CDP score as a relevant 
indicator for assessing the maturity of its suppliers to address 
climate change, and requests its main suppliers to respond 
to the CDP Supply Chain programme on an annual basis. In 
2022, it continued engaging with suppliers representing 82% 
of the Company’s total sourcing volume, following which 
suppliers representing 78% of the Company’s sourcing volume 
have completed the CDP questionnaire. In 2022, suppliers 
representing 66% of the sourcing volume received an A or B 
score.
Sending feedback letters to all suppliers after the 2021 campaign 
has allowed the Company to raise the awareness of suppliers and 
propose areas of improvement. From the 2022 campaign results, 
the Company is going to request multi-year action plans from 
suppliers that got a C or D score in order to foster improvement 
in the management of their carbon footprint. These action plans 
will be followed up by the procurement organisation.
4.  Employee engagement
Contribution of Company Culture and Employee 
Engagement to Climate Objectives
Success can only be collective and the engagement of each 
and every employee is necessary. Environmental targets and 
objectives, including the ones related to climate, are internally 
promoted under the label high5+. Periodic communication 
campaigns are led using different communication channels, such 
as posters and the intranet. In addition, climate-related objectives 
are part of the Company Top Company Objectives (“TCO”). In the 
process of being cascaded to functions and teams, TCO’s trigger 
discussions where teams reflect on how and to what extent they 
can contribute and set meaningful objectives. Furthermore, a 
dedicated section in the Company’s intranet provides information 
about the Company’s commitment towards climate, and 
related action plans are available for employees to expand their 
awareness. On the training platform, e-learnings in relation to 
climate, such as “climate crisis”, “climate science”, or “climate 
change economics”, are freely available to employees while one 
environment-related e-learning has been included since 2022 
in the Company mandatory yearly training plan, applicable to 
all employees. From October 2021 to September 2022, some 
73,457 employees were trained in environmental awareness.
Since 2021, the Company has established a global sustainability 
ambassadors network now comprising 448 ambassadors from 
across 18 functions and 18 countries. Ambassadors help to foster 
sustainability culture and awareness, engage their local teams 
in various initiatives, and support the adoption and integration 
of sustainability objectives into the business, including climate 
and communities. In addition, in 2022, through the Company’s 
“+impact” digital platform (launched across the Company in 
November), employees had the chance to participate in several 
climate change-related challenges inspired by international days 
such as World Water Day and UN Earth Day, recording over 1,700 
individual actions (see “– 1.2.16 Community Impact”).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 85:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
85Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Incentivised Remuneration
In order to better embed this ambition into the Company’s 
performance management, CO 2  performance targets have 
been included in variable remuneration schemes since 2021 
(See “– 1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability – 
Governance”). Such short-term incentivisation enables to 
accelerate the transformation of the Company and cultural 
shift. The Executive Committee agreed in 2021 to include a 
reduction target for 2022 (compared to 2021) of -5% for CO2  
Scopes 1 & 2 (TCO scope, see above), part of the Top Company 
Objectives. The 2022 target was overachieved with an actual 
performance of -8.5%. This target was set in absolute value 
at 687kt CO2 e for 2023 (or -0.9% vs. 2022). In addition, when 
relevant, the transposition of TCOs into individual or team 
objectives may impact the variable remuneration of concerned 
employees, such as engineers working on decarbonisation-
related projects, or employees working on the Company’s 
industrial decarbonisation roadmap.
Competence Management and Employability
The Company’s transition plan largely relies on technology 
and innovation. Anticipating, developing and securing required 
competencies will be decisive, both for the Company to be 
able to deliver on its commitment and for employees’ skills 
to be adapted to a changing world. Due to the significant 
impact of lower-carbon aviation and eco-design (product) 
on its business, the Company estimates that at least 50% of 
engineering profiles will have to be upskilled by 2030. “Clean 
and Sustainable Aerospace” is identified as one critical skill 
group in the Company’s competence strategy. Specifically, 
identified skills requiring priority action are: hybrid propulsion, 
hydrogen, electrical high voltage, cryogenics – directly related 
to decarbonisation innovation  – as well as supply chain 
environmental impact analysis or eco-design. Dedicated 
learning paths are being developed and deployed under the 
leadership of academies in the Company functions. In addition, 
when needed, targeted external recruitments will enable the 
Company to align its workforce skills with its business challenge.
5. Engaging the Ecosystem
Cooperating with the Scientific Community 
and Universities
Climate change is a critical challenge for humanity, and the 
Company believes innovation and technology can bring some 
pieces of the solution. Achieving this common goal will require 
all forces from the scientific community to be joined. Hence the 
Company participates in a number of research programmes 
worldwide; it is committed to sharing acquired knowledge that 
could help accelerate the progress of science. For instance, 
the Company is collaborating with the DLR in Germany, 
Manchester Metropolitan University in the UK, with the ONERA 
or the Montpellier Business School in France, the Denmark 
Technical University in Denmark, the Massachusetts Institute 
of Technology (MIT) in the USA, the Tsinghua University in 
China or the European Joint Research Centre. The Company 
also created the CEDAR “Chair for Eco-Design of Aircraft” 
together with ISAE-SUPAERO (French aerospace engineering 
school) in 2013. This five-year chair aimed to define disruptive 
concepts in air transport by introducing, from the start of 
the design, innovative technologies. In 2019, the partnership 
was renewed and adopted the main learnings of prior years 
all while integrating a more comprehensive environmental 
engineering approach. The CEDAR Chair is composed of 
international scholarships, interdisciplinary programme of 
student projects derived from concrete industrial cases in the 
field of “Future Aircraft Design”, and environmental engineering 
certificate with focus on the issues of sustainable development, 
offering an approach to design aircraft over the entire product 
life cycle, addresses eco-mobility and the economics of 
air transport. It also provides a research component that 
focuses on technological developments that will improve the 
implementation of air transport solutions, making it possible 
to reduce the global ecological footprint.
Engaging with Policy Makers
Leveraging on the Company’s unique understanding of 
aerospace industry specificities, the Company is engaged in a 
constant dialogue with policy makers, directly or through trade 
associations. Such engagements are performed in compliance 
with the Ethical business conduct principles described in 
section “– 1.2.14 Business Integrity”, the Company’s Code of 
Conduct and the Company’s Responsible Lobbying Charter.
In 2022, as a member of the industry association ICCAIA 
through the ASD, the Company actively participated in the 
International Civil Aviation Organization’s (ICAO) work to define 
guidance, standards and recommended practices aimed at 
minimising emissions from aircraft and engines, as well as 
defining policies with regards to local air quality, climate change, 
and noise. Specifically, in 2022 the Company has been an 
active member supporting the adoption of a climate “Long 
Term Ambitious Goal” to the ICAO 41st assembly in October. At 
European level, the Company has engaged with the European 
Commission on climate change policies discussions such as the 
“ReFuel Aviation” initiative as part of the “Fit for 55” regulatory 
package. At national level, the Company has engaged with 
France, Spain, UK and Germany in order to exchange on 
federal policies on climate change. In particular in France, the 
Company has cooperated with the CORAC (Conseil pour la 
Recherche Aeronautique Civile ) on research for technology and 
fuels. As well, in 2022 the Company has directly discussed with 
the European Commission supporting the development of a 
carbon removal framework with high environmental integrity 
in Europe. The Company’s positions on climate-related topics 
are consistent with the principles and axis of the transformation 
described in its transition plan, where it considers that emerging 
regulatory frameworks could be a decisive enabler.
Other Initiatives
The Company is also engaged in a number of initiatives 
addressing its “less material” carbon footprints where relevant. 
When impactful and connected to its know-how, the Company 
engages in various projects with local communities or partners, 
and develops projects beyond its immediate core business that 
could generate meaningful CO2  savings.
Scope 3 commuting – In 2022, in partnership with Toulouse 
Métropole, Tisséo (the local transport authority) and Sopra-
Steria, a smartphone application called Ecomode was 
developed to incentivise the shift to collective commuting 
(e.g. public transport and car sharing) or low-carbon individual 
mobility modes ( e.g. bicycles). This has been deployed 
amongst employees in Toulouse and is of potential benefit to 
the citizens of all 37 municipalities of the Toulouse Métropole. 
Such an initiative benefits both the Company and the whole 
local community. At site level, cycling to work is encouraged 
by improved infrastructures, cycling paths made safer in 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 86:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
86 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
collaboration with local authorities, and periodic “cycle to work” 
events organised. Car parks are being equipped with charging 
devices to encourage the use of electric cars, and Company 
car policy has evolved in order to incentivise the selection of 
low-carbon vehicles by collaborators.
Airseas – Through its Airseas joint-venture, the Company is 
co-developing kite solutions for sea vessels as complementary 
carbon-free propulsion, with a potential to ultimately equip a 
significant part of the global maritime fleet and generate up to 
20% emission savings.
Climate adaptation, supporting local communities – Through 
its Community Impact Policy – including corporate activities and 
its non-profit arm the Airbus Foundation – the Company is 
committed to support vulnerable communities through disaster 
response at a time when climate-related catastrophes are 
getting more intense and frequent. The Company works in 
collaboration with local knowledgeable associations, as well 
as with partners that have a global reach. Support can take the 
form of fund-raising, the coordination of humanitarian flights 
using Company products or logistic aircraft, and providing 
satellite imagery for partners to properly assess a disaster’s 
scope and adapt their response plans. For instance, in 2022 the 
Airbus Foundation organised humanitarian missions, including 
providing free-of-cost chartering of air transport, in response to 
Cyclone Batsirai in Madagascar, Cyclone Rai in the Philippines 
and also following the flooding in Pakistan. A mission was also 
organised to deliver medical supplies to populations in Somalia 
impacted by severe famine. Over 43 satellite image requests 
were made on the dedicated portal platform, with partners 
conducting monitoring including flooding and weather impacts. 
For more detailed information see “– 1.2.16 Community Impact”.
1.2.3 Pollution
I. Introduction
Linked to the industrial nature of its operations, the Company’s 
activities may cause adverse impacts on the natural environment. 
The Company strives to reduce this impact in compliance 
with applicable standards, laws and regulations. As covered 
in this section, pollution includes air pollution (except GHG, 
see “– 1.2.2 Climate Change”), soil pollution, water pollution 
(surface and groundwater) and noise pollution caused by the 
Company’s activities and value chain. Pollution linked to the 
emission of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) is a primary 
focus of the Company, as it arises from aircraft painting and 
cleaning activities. Light pollution has been deemed to be non-
material to the Company’s value chain. Pollution may impact 
the Company primarily through the potential consequences 
of business disruption arising from constraints on activities in 
the Company’s value chain in case of local pollution peaks, for 
instance. Eventually, unmanaged pollution risks could disrupt 
the Company’s ability to operate, e.g. deliver its products to 
customers or imply depolluting costs.
Pollution is regulated around the world. Overall, the Company’s 
compliance with applicable standards, laws and regulations 
is part of the operating licences granted by local authorities. 
In this regard, the Company is reportedly subject to multiple 
regulatory provisions, including those of the EU Industrial 
Emissions Directive (IED). The IED notably applies to the 
management of the Company’s industrial activities in France, 
Germany and Spain. This Directive requests operators of 
certain installations to establish the state of soil and surface 
and groundwater contamination at the start of operations, apply 
for a permit that includes conditions to prevent soil pollution 
through application of the best available techniques, and take 
necessary action upon definitive cessation to return the site to its 
initial status. Beyond this directive, the law on soil management 
is covered under several national texts which may differ from 
one country to another, as well as in the permits issued for the 
Company’s industrial activities. Specific regulations cover the 
topic of chemical substances, with the main regulations covering 
the Company’s activities and products being Registration, 
Evaluation, Authorisation and restriction of chemicals (REACH); 
Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS); Persistent Organic 
Pollutants (POP); and Biocidal Products.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 87:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
87Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
II. Governance
The Airbus Environmental Policy and overall governance, as 
described in “– 1.2.2 Climate Change” applies to the pollution 
topic.
III. Risk Management
Environmental risk and opportunities are managed following 
the Company’s ERM system, see “– 1.2.2 Climate Change”. 
Substance-related risks are included in the Company’s top risks, 
as reported in “– Risk Factors”.
In addition, the Company’s ISO  14001 certified EMS 
notably applies the standard recommendations for pollution 
control audits, training, risk assessment and identification, 
implementation of risk prevention procedures (emergency 
plans, simulation exercises). For example, sites shall conduct 
an analysis of environmental aspects and impacts at least every 
three years, as well as each time a material change in operations 
occurs, also in connection with the Company’s ERM process. 
While the EMS sets requirements, actual deployment, concrete 
means and measures are managed at site level and adapted 
to the nature of a site’s industrial activities and to applicable 
regulations. For instance, in Toulouse and linked to flight test 
activities, concerned employees systematically follow dedicated 
training sessions, including on instructions for fuel handling or 
on procedures to follow in case of an incident. Also, each year, 
more than five spill-related emergency situations (e.g. a kerozen 
leak or a fire-fighting water spill) are conducted to test defined 
emergency plans. At least one emergency situation is performed 
in coordination with local authorities.
IV. Implementation/Activities
Air Emissions
Air emissions – primarily referring to VOC emissions related 
to surface treatment – are mostly impacted by the number of 
deliveries. Substance substitution may also lead to the use of 
new chemicals with more VOC emissions which need to be 
monitored. Overall, in 2022, emitted VOCs increased 7.5% 
year-on-year, reflecting the increase in aircraft production rate 
compared to 2021.
Chemical Substances
Many chemicals used in the global aerospace industry to achieve 
high levels of product quality and meet stringent technical 
performance, airworthiness and reliability requirements are 
subject to strict regulations. These regulations impact key 
processes and products, such as surface treatments, paints 
and fire protection.
The Company remains committed to replacing such substances 
in products and processes. To help achieve this, it has put in 
place a portfolio of activities and projects, working with suppliers 
to identify, develop, qualify and deploy new technologies and 
solutions that avoid the use of substances classified as posing 
a risk to human health or the environment, while still satisfying 
airworthiness, certification and performance requirements.
The Company also engages with suppliers to promote the 
adoption of a similar approach through regular communication 
and, more widely, by working together with the aerospace 
industry to promote worldwide harmonisation of regulations 
and ways of working, taking into account the sector’s safety 
and lifecycle specificities.
Using information obtained from its own design and suppliers, 
the Company tracks, records, assesses and declares regulated 
chemicals and materials. Since 2011, the Company has analysed 
the impact of over 1,100 substances, and qualified and deployed 
substitutes for over 100 substances in 300 products.
The Company invests substantial time and resources in research 
and development for technologies that use alternatives to regulated 
substances. When it can be demonstrated that these technologies 
meet the strict safety and reliability criteria required for aviation, 
the Company seeks to implement them in its aircraft design and 
manufacturing. For example, the Company is, in cooperation with 
its suppliers, developing, qualifying and progressively deploying 
on all its new aircraft, chromate-free corrosion protection and 
paint systems for aluminium structures. Another example is the 
halon replacement project that researches alternatives to halon, 
a highly regulated ozone depleting substances family, used in the 
fire extinguishing systems in engines and cargo areas. Several 
fire extinguishing technical solutions are now being tested on 
aircraft in flight conditions, with an objective to roll them out into 
production from 2027.
Pollution GRI SASB SDGs Others
305 – Emissions 9-12-13-17
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved
Board of Directors / ECSC
Executive Committee / Environment Executive Steering Committee
Related corporate policies Environmental Policy, Code of Conduct
Management system
Relevant certifications
EMS – Environmental Management System
ISO 14001 – 88% of workforce covered
KPIs
Air emissions: 2030 Target 2015
Baseline 2021 2022 2022  
vs. 2021
2022 vs. 
Baseline
VOC (tons) 0% increase 1481 1,042 1,120 +7.5% -24%
Other key metrics 2021 2022 2022 vs. 2021
NO x  (tons) 226 207 -8.5%
SO x  (tons) 14 16 +14%
KPI assumptions 2022 VOC emissions data is estimated. 2022 actuals will be consolidated in April 2023.
Additional resources Environmental Policy Statement , Sustainability on Airbus.com
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 88:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
88 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Noise
Noise around the Company’s sites can also be an important 
topic for neighbouring communities. The Company is actively 
engaged with local authorities and the affected populations to 
minimise its impact, by adapting operating times and actively 
seeking to reduce the noise at the source. In Toulouse, the 
Company has launched the Median initiative, regrouping actors 
in charge of flight activities around the airport to find the most 
effective solution to reduce noise levels.
1.2.4 Materials and Circularity
I. Introduction
The Company recognises the challenges associated with 
depleting natural sources. This section covers its approach 
towards optimising the use of materials end-to-end – including 
product life cycle, eco-design, circularity, and end-of-life 
considerations – with a focus on waste when it comes to its own 
industrial operations. The Company identified three materials 
for which this approach is especially meaningful as they are 
essential to aircraft manufacturing: aluminium, titanium, and 
carbon fibre-reinforced plastics (“CFRP”).
While aerospace represents a small fraction of the global volumes 
for most materials – e.g. the Company’s aluminium consumption 
is estimated to be about 0.1% of the global market – it can figure 
among the main users for some highly specialised materials 
such as titanium or CFRP. The use of these materials, and the 
impacts associated with their production or end-of-life, are 
justified by their contribution to the efficiency of the end product, 
as they enable lighter structures and more efficient design. As 
around 97% of a typical aircraft’s life cycle impact comes from 
its operational use phase, using lighter materials (which are 
sometimes more impactful in their production processes) is 
particularly effective in regards to achieving significant reductions 
in energy consumption and emissions overall. Product weight 
optimisation is largely linked to product performance in terms 
of range and fuel consumption, and therefore has a benefit 
for customers’ expectations and the Company’s order book. 
Optimising the use of such high-value materials is directly linked 
to the Company’s competitiveness, while securing their supply, 
as they become scarcer, is necessary to ensure business 
continuity.
Nevertheless, these materials can pose unique challenges in 
terms of supply, application and recycling. Addressing this topic 
requires an engagement and coordination with the end-to-end 
value chain, from the extraction stages to the eventual disposal 
or recycling. Of note, the human rights aspects that may be linked 
to the sourcing of materials, including conflict minerals, as well 
as the potential environmental impact linked to their extraction 
and processing are covered in sections “– 1.2.10 Human Rights” 
and “– 1.2.15 Responsible Supply Chain”. A number of related 
regulations apply to the Company globally, regionally and locally, 
such as the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary 
Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, or the EU 
Waste Framework Directive.
Finally, all considerations for optimising material use shall under 
no circumstance be detrimental to product safety and shall meet 
all technical requirements from stringent certification standards.
MATERIALS AND CIRCULARITY GRI SASB SDGs Others
301 – Materials Hazardous Waste Management 9-12-13-17
Highest governance body(ies) involved Board of Directors / ECSC
Executive Committee / Environment Executive Steering Committee
Related corporate policies Environmental Policy, Code of Conduct
Management system
Relevant certifications
EMS – Environmental Management System
ISO 14001 – 88% of workforce covered
KPIs
2030  
Target
2015  
Baseline 2021 2022 2022 vs. 2021
2022 vs. 
Baseline
Waste produced
excluding exceptional waste (tons)
-20% 107 ,986 71,152 73,751 +3.7% -31.7%
with no landfill or incineration  
without energy recovery
Other key metrics   
(More metrics and assumptions, see “– 1.2.17 ESG data board”) 2021 2022 2022 vs. 2021
% Material recovery rate 55% 60% +5p.p.
% Energy recovery rate 20% 16% -4p.p.
Additional resources Environmental Policy Statement , Sustainability on Airbus.com , Tarmac Aerosave
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 89:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
89Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
II. Governance
The Airbus Environmental Policy and overall governance, as 
described in “– 1.2.2 Climate Change” apply to this topic. At 
the operational level, a multi-functional team leads this activity. 
Additionally, this was complemented at the end of 2021 for the 
Company’s commercial aircraft activities by a specific cross 
programme forum that reviews, prioritises, and budgets waste 
or inventory-related initiatives.
III. Risk Management
Environmental risk and opportunities are managed through the 
Company’s ERM system. See “– 1.2.2 Climate Change” III.
IV. Implementation/Activities
The Company’s aircraft products make efficient use of these 
materials by being designed to operate for several decades with 
high utilisation rates, being highly serviceable and repairable, 
and ultimately allowing for around 90% of their constituents 
by mass to be recovered, including recycling. The Company 
promotes the development of a circular economy model, and it is 
proactive in seeking ways to recover, reuse and recycle materials 
beyond their initial life. Overall, in order to minimise the impact 
of its activities, the Company’s strategy relies on the approach: 
avoid; reduce, reuse-recycle-repair, supported by a number of 
enablers such as measuring, Life Cycle Analysis (“ LCA”) and 
eco-design, or digitalisation.
Metallic waste accounts for more than 30% of the Company’s 
site-generated waste. Considering the risk of resource depletion 
versus growing demand, the Company has kicked off in 2022 
a dedicated transformation project related to the circularity of 
critical raw materials, especially non-ferrous metals, with a focus 
on the most material perimeter, its commercial aircraft activity.
Avoid – Material Use Optimisation
Weight reduction through material use optimisation has always 
been a priority in aerospace, as this is directly linked to aircraft 
performance. Lately, the development of new technologies such 
as additive layer manufacturing (ALM or “3D printing”), including 
for metallic components, enabled the redesign of parts, resulting 
in significant improvements by limiting material consumption to 
what structure and resistance require. For example, 3D printing 
technologies such as direct energy deposition (DED) can reduce 
the titanium raw material consumption by up to 70%. More 
optimised design and manufacturing processes for metallic and 
composite components can improve the buy-to-fly ratios, as well 
as reduce weight, material consumption, energy consumption 
and production costs. For instance, forming technology has 
led to an aluminium material reduction of 80% for some parts 
compared to machining from a plate.
Reduce
Industrial Waste
The Company also focuses on the waste generated by its 
operations throughout the manufacturing process and has set 
an objective of reducing overall waste amounts by 20% by 2030 
(from a 2015 baseline), with 0% landfilling and 0% incineration 
without energy recovery.
A dedicated multi-functional team with skills from across the 
organisation such as engineering, information management, 
procurement, industrial operations and facility management is 
actively working on a waste roadmap. Over the past years, the 
Company has focused on metering and on data robustness 
and accuracy for measuring waste, with a focus made on 
standardising the practices towards waste collectors and 
in line with regulatory requirements for greater traceability. 
The objective is to enhance data monitoring, reporting, and 
forecasting capabilities. This includes a harmonisation of 
definitions, processes and assumptions. Priority has been given 
to commercial aircraft activities due to the industrial ramp-up.
In 2022, non-exceptional waste increased by 3.7%, largely 
explained by the commercial aircraft production ramp up context 
and people returning to the workplace after the COVID-19 period, 
impacting general waste. The proportion landfilled or incinerated 
without energy recovery amounted to an estimate of 23%.
Hazardous Waste
In the Company’s European operations, the main sources of 
hazardous waste are contaminated packaging and chemical 
waste, especially waste from surface treatment activities, oil, fuel 
and various chemicals. While chemical waste reduction remains 
a priority, this is a topic also driven by chemical regulations, 
the evolution of which may impact the roadmap’s ambition for 
reducing waste as well as its timing (see Chemical Substances 
section in “– 1.2.3 Pollution”).
Increase the Lifespan of Components
The Company’s components are designed to last over the 
average aircraft service lifetime, which can exceed 20 years. 
Some components, called life-limited parts (“LLPs”), have 
a shorter lifetime, but still maximised considering physical 
resistance, airworthiness and safety requirements.
Repairability – Reuse – Second Life
With regards to LLPs, easy replacement and availability of 
parts over the whole programme lifetime are a priority. The 
Company’s products are designed to be repaired when 
damaged by a number of maintenance, repair and operations 
(MROs) companies worldwide and spare parts providers. The 
Company’s after-sale activities include the sale of spare parts and 
the provision of maintenance, repair and overhaul services. LLPs 
can be overhauled to serve other operators, routes or missions. 
In particular, passenger-to-freighter conversions are frequently 
considered to extend the lifetime of aircraft.
Recycling
Waste generated by the Company’s industrial processes often 
includes high-value materials, so optimising their circularity 
responds to both environmental and economic objectives. The 
Company sends over half of its waste to be recycled. It is currently 
working on specific initiatives to further increase this rate, such 
as specific loop creation for titanium in order to reintegrate chips 
or end-of-life parts into raw material manufacturing processes.
In addition, the Company sources material volumes of recycled 
materials that are used for the manufacturing of aircraft. As an 
order of magnitude, in 2022, 20% to 50% of aluminium products 
delivered to the Company (highest volume of material in an 
aircraft) came from recycled raw materials.
Finally, more than 90% of an aircraft’s weight can be recovered 
at end-of-life (including material and energy recovery) through a 
selective dismantling process. For example, TARMAC Aerosave 
joint venture, provides such reverse manufacturing services, 
including dismantling, sorting, packaging for reuse or sending 
to relevant waste collectors while ensuring parts traceability, 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 90:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
90 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
in various locations in France and Spain. A memorandum of 
understanding between the Company and the city of Chengdu 
was signed in 2022 for the launch of an aircraft life cycle 
management service in China. Overall, TARMAC has recycled 
over 300 aircraft since 2007.
Life C ycle Thinking and Conscious Design
The Company invests in LCAs for environmental impact 
accounting associated with a specific product, in accordance 
with the requirements specified in the ISO 14040 standard. 
Detailed LCA studies have been finalised for the A220-100, 
A220-300, A320neo and A350-900, covering over 95% of the 
Company’s deliveries of commercial aircraft products in 2022. 
The Company is currently working together with the European 
Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) in the frame of the Product 
Environmental Footprint initiative on the framework, to enable 
the publication of verified and standardised data in the future.
In addition, the Company is deploying frameworks enabling 
environmentally-conscious design choices to reduce the footprint 
of projects and optimise aspects such as product end-of-life 
management and critical raw materials usage. For instance, 
in 2022 environmental assessments have complemented 
research & technology decision-making processes related to 
commercial aircraft activities. Besides, as an example and part 
of its Eco-design initiative, the Defence and Space Division used 
LCA for the development of the Sentinel satellites that are built 
for the ESA. The Company’s Defence and Space Division is 
engaged in a strategic transformation process which will focus 
on increasing the circularity of its products, and expanding its 
product environmental impact assessment capabilities to include 
topics such as hybrid propulsion. These assessments would 
be performed in addition to the regular LCA assessments for 
satellites.
Digitalisation, Traceability and Criticality Mapping
The Company leverages digitalisation as an enabler to optimise 
and reduce its environmental footprint. For example, some 
applications seek to improve design and material utilisation, 
or to optimise usage of critical resources. At the same time, 
traceability of parts is essential to facilitate recycling. The 
Company reports on marking parts to facilitate the ability to 
reuse, recycle, and repair, while complying with legal provisions 
applicable to the sector. In addition, the Company has launched 
a dedicated traceability project to increase data availability and 
transparency from the aircraft “Bill of Materials” and leveraging 
on digital capabilities in collaboration with its supply chain.
As recommended by the EU Critical Raw Material (“CRM”) 
framework, the Company has created and is maintaining 
a dedicated Company framework  – CRM. It is an internal 
methodology to assess that criticality of raw materials has been 
developed on the axis of supply risk, environmental and ethical 
impacts. Based on this, a regularly updated watchlist of the 
most critical raw materials for the Company has been defined 
to influence design choices. The mapping of CRM in Company’s 
products is currently ongoing, based on available bill of materials, 
in the frame of an internal project. Additionally, the methodology 
is currently being reviewed and improved by an external party, 
prior to being delivered in 2023.
Competence Management
Circularity is a part of the Company’s sustainability and 
environment competency strategy. Accordingly, related training 
modules have been identified and are in the process of being 
integrated in the Company’s training catalogue.
1.2.5 Water
I. Introduction
The Company’s water usage is mostly linked to non-industrial 
uses, including sanitary, heating, ventilation and air conditioning, 
canteens and fire extinguishing. Around 15% of the water 
purchased/withdrawn is used for industrial uses such as surface 
treatment, machining, non-destructive testing and painting. This 
section covers both withdrawal and discharge.
Water consideration is included in the Company’s LCA approach. 
Procuring the required water does not currently represent a 
material cost for the Company as overall withdrawn volumes are 
relatively limited, especially for its industrial operations. However, 
securing water availability to operate the industrial processes 
requiring water is critical for the Company and its supply chain 
to ensure business continuity.
The Company analyses current and projected local water stress 
levels to understand where the Company’s activities have the 
greatest impact on water resources and prioritise actions in 
these areas (e.g. south of Spain, northern China). This analysis 
is based on the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water 
Risk Atlas tool. Of note, the Company has also identified water 
as a relevant topic in its supply-chain roadmap and is currently 
assessing water-related impacts and risks in the supply chain. 
Due diligence aspects with regards to the potential environmental 
impact on water resources in the Company supply chain are 
described in section “– 1.2.15 Responsible Supply Chain”.
Water discharge quality is managed by each site directly to 
ensure compliance with applicable local regulatory requirements.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 91:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
91Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
WATER GRI SASB SDGs Others
303 – Water  
and Effluents 9-12-13-17
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved
Board of Directors / ECSC
Executive Committee / Environment Executive Steering Committee
Related corporate policies Environmental Policy, Code of Conduct
Management system
Relevant certifications
EMS – Environmental Management System
ISO 14001 – 88% of workforce covered
KPIs
Target  
2030
Baseline 
2015 2021 2022
2022  
vs. 2021
2022 vs. 
Baseline
Water:
Water purchased (m3 ) -50% 3,323,228 2,631,363 2,889,557 +9.8% -13%
Water withdrawal (m3 ) 0% increase 3,766,153 3,345,261 3,672,217 +9.8% -2.5%
Other key metrics   
(More metrics available in “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board”) 2021 2022 2022 vs. 2021
Percentage of water withdrawal from all areas with high water stress (1) 34% 30% -4p.p.
Metrics assumptions
(1)  Areas identified with high or extremely high water stress. Water stress level as defined per the 
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas in medium scenario for 2030.
Additional resources Environmental Policy Statement , Sustainability on Airbus.com
II. Governance
The Airbus Environmental Policy and overall governance, as 
described in “– 1.2.2 Climate Change” are applicable to water.
III. Risk Management
Environmental risk and opportunities, including the ones related 
to water, are managed following the Company’s ERM system, as 
described in the section “– 1.2.2 Climate Change”. In addition, 
water has been identified as relevant to climate change physical 
risks: work is ongoing to update the above-mentioned risks in 
line with the TCFD.
IV. Implementation/Activities
In order to better monitor its approach with regards to water 
management, the Company has set the following 2030 targets 
(vs. 2015 baseline):
 – -50% reduction in purchased water;
 – 0% increase in water withdrawal.
The Company’s water usage is mostly linked to sanitation and 
general uses (around 85%), while the rest is used in production-
related processes. The underlying approach is to reduce the 
use of potable water for uses where it is not necessary, while 
ensuring that the overall withdrawal does not increase. While all 
concerned sites are working towards these targets to ensure 
advanced water management practices are implemented, a 
keen focus is put on areas with current or future high water 
stress levels. For example, local water stress levels are used 
as a criterion for prioritising the funding of projects (OpEx and 
CapEx) and for selecting sites for the launch of pilot projects (e.g. 
proof of concept launched in Illescas (Spain) on digitised and 
automated water consumption real-time monitoring).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 92:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
92 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The strategy is based on the following eight pillars:
Key pillars Description and rationale Examples of projects
Measure/Metre
Measuring as a prerequisite to 
identify water flows and manage 
consumption.
Installation of smart water metres with automated and digital data transfer, 
high frequency and increased granularity (e.g. commercial aircraft sites and 
Airbus Defence and Space Division sites in Europe).
Monitor
Track consumption, identify 
biggest consumers to focus 
priorities; detect deviations.
Smart metering on site/building/asset level, connection to digital platforms, 
creation of KPIs and regular reports, alert systems.
Avoid waste Identify and fix leakages, 
reconsider processes.Leakage detection campaigns at Blagnac (France) and Mirabel (Canada) sites.
Reduce Increase efficiency; equipment 
retrofit.
Implementation of latest technical solutions for cooling at Illescas site (Spain), 
air conditioning, boilers and sanitary equipment retrofit at Puerto Real site 
(Spain), replacement of water chiller with air-cooled systems in Portsmouth 
(UK), reduction of irrigation at Miami (US) and Tianjin (China) sites.
Reuse Create (closed) loops; use  
the same volume several times.
Reuse for non-drinking purposes ( e.g. toilets, gardening), industrial process 
water loops for surface treatment and air conditioning.
Replace Use rainwater, surface water, 
groundwater.
River/lake water treatment and reuse at Hamburg and Friedrichshafen sites 
(Germany), rainwater harvesting at Toulouse site (France), groundwater use at 
Donauwörth site (Germany).
New Building Design
Ensure high water efficiency 
standards from the design 
phase.
Certified building standards, e.g.  LEED (Silver certification, Mobile site, US).
Communication Inform and engage employees. Employee awareness campaigns ( e.g. World Water Day communication on 
internal portal).
In 2022, water withdrawal volumes increased by about 10% 
compared to 2021, mainly as a result of people returning to the 
workplace after the COVID-19 period. When compared to 2015 
baseline, water withdrawal reduced by 2.5% while purchased 
water dropped by 13%. In 2022, leaks were identified and fixed 
in Blagnac (France) and Mirabel (Canada), with an estimated 
impact of less than 2% on total water withdrawal.
1.2.6 Biodiversity
I. Introduction
The Company recognises the considerable pressure planet Earth 
is facing as a result of loss of biodiversity. The latest 2019 report 
of the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity 
and Ecosystem Services (“IPBES”) demonstrates that the health 
of ecosystems is deteriorating more rapidly than ever and the 
2021 IPBES-IPCC co-sponsored workshop shows the clear 
interdependencies between climate action and biodiversity 
protection. In this context, the Company intends to improve 
its understanding of the impacts its activities and biodiversity 
may have on each other alongside the interdependencies of this 
subject with the Company’s ongoing climate actions.
Moreover, the Company aims to contribute to the updated and 
new goals and objectives for biodiversity. These include the ones 
for 2030 and 2050 agreed at the 15th Conference of the Parties 
of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity in December 2022, 
in Montreal, according to which all signatory countries should 
update their National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans as 
well as National Biodiversity Finance Strategies. Key goals are 
also ones set by the European Union in the EU Green Deal and 
the EU Biodiversity Strategy of 2020 that place the European 
Union at the forefront of this transformation.
II. Governance
The Airbus Environmental Policy and overall governance, as 
described in “– 1.2.2 Climate Change” applies to the biodiversity 
topic.
III. Risk Management
Environmental risk and opportunities are managed following the 
Company’s ERM system, as described in the section “– 1.2.2 
Climate Change”.
IV. Implementation/Activities
In order to progress its understanding of the impact of its activities 
on biodiversity, the Company has identified the IPBES report as 
a relevant framework to follow. In 2022, the Company launched 
a project to compile an inventory of potential impacts across the 
five drivers of biodiversity loss: changing use of sea and lands, 
direct exploitation of organisms, climate change, pollution and 
invasive non-native species. Meanwhile, the Company presumes 
that the most material biodiversity loss impact is linked to the 
impact of its commercial aircraft activities on climate change and, 
as such, efforts are prioritised alongside the existing climate-
related initiatives. See “– 1.2.2 Climate Change”. In addition, a 
number of mitigation actions have been started in relation to 
the other drivers.
Pollution: see “– 1.2.3 Pollution”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 93:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
93Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Changing Use of Land
Overall, the ground footprint of the aviation industry, as a global 
means of transportation, is limited to local sites; mostly airports 
and related activities. As for the Company, its operations are 
located at a number of industrial sites. When building a new site 
or extending an existing one, the Company engages with local 
partners on conservation and remediation projects to preserve 
flora and fauna that were impacted by the Company’s industrial 
activities. This is done in line with applicable legal requirements. 
In France, for instance, during and after construction works, 
the Company strives to apply the Avoid, Reduce, Compensate 
mitigation hierarchy, as well as establish a budget for 
compensation measures that goes beyond the duration of the 
project (for maintenance for example). This requires identifying 
areas rich in biodiversity (in particular protected species), 
identifying the potential impacts on biodiversity, and carrying 
out, if required, the necessary biodiversity inventories and the 
applicable deadlines in the timeline of each project.
Restoring Biodiversity
The Company’s space products, and more especially 
Earth-observation satellites, play an instrumental role in the 
understanding of biodiversity evolution. See “– 1.2.2 Climate 
Change” / Transition plan / Products and services supporting 
climate monitoring and adaptation.
In addition, the Company through its corporate community work 
and its Airbus Foundation has supported a number of biodiversity 
projects that aim to help preserve wildlife and natural ecosystems 
at a community level, such as contributing to the International 
Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) forest restoration 
project. See “– 1.2.16 Community Impact”.
Aviation / Product Safety GRI SASB SDGs Others
416 – Customer Health and Safety Product Safety 12
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved
Product Safety Board (PSB), involving several Executive Committee members
Board of Directors
Related corporate policies Airbus Product Safety Company Policy (A67)
Management system
Relevant certifications
SMS  
Products 
Operations
Corporate Safety Management System
EASA regulation (Parts 21/145/147/M/ORA), EU 996/2010, EU 376/2014  
(for Commercial Aircraft products), ECSS-Q ST-40-C (for Space Products)  
and Def-Stan 00-56 (for Defence Products)
EN9100, EN9001, EN9110, AQAP 2110, AQAP 2210 and AQAP 2310
KPIs Target Horizon 2021 2022
% SMS officers nominated 100% permanent 100% 100%
% SMS officers trained 100% permanent 100% 100%
Other key metrics 2021 2022
Fatal accident rate Industry wide (1) 0.03  (Gen4) 0.05  (Gen4)
Metrics assumptions (1)  10 year moving average fatal accident rate (per million flights) per aircraft generation
Additional resources Code of Conduct , Product Safety on Airbus.com , Safety in Operations on Airbus.com ,  
Safety investigation on Airbus.com , Health Onboard , Accident Statistics website
Build Our Business on the Foundation of Safety 
and Quality
1.2.7 Aviation and Product Safety
I. Introduction
The Company believes that everyone in the aerospace industry 
has a role to play to further enhance the safety of the air 
transport system. Flying today is safer than ever before, and 
collective efforts continue to ensure that it will be even safer by 
anticipating and responding to risks, threats and challenges. 
While the foundations of the air transport system are built on 
regulatory compliance, the safety culture at the Company goes 
beyond compliance with certification and continued airworthiness 
requirements to also focus on safety enhancement activities in 
products and services. This also extends to the products and 
services of the Company’s Defence and Space Division that 
offer communication, collaboration and intelligence knowledge 
solutions to assist government authorities, emergency service 
providers and healthcare providers. For further information, see 
“– Information on the Company’s Activities – 1.1.4 Defence and 
Space”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 94:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
94 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
II. Governance
A dedicated safety organisation within the Company acts as an 
independent voice of safety. The Chief Product Safety Officer 
for the commercial aircraft activities of the Company reports 
directly to the CEO and is the Chairman of the Product Safety 
Board (PSB). Several Executive Committee members and senior 
executives are part of the PSB. This ensures proactive safety 
decision-making is based on multidisciplinary assessments at 
the highest decision level of the Company. The PSB makes 
decisions regarding technical aspects, safety governance and 
strategy. Regular reviews with the Board of Directors are also 
performed.
The Company’s Safety Management System
Consistent with ICAO Annex 19, the Company’s Corporate Safety 
Management System (“SMS”) is based on the four ICAO pillars: 
safety policy and objectives, safety risk management, safety 
assurance, and safety promotion. The Company’s Corporate 
SMS principles also integrate the end-to-end approach to safety 
with the Company’s suppliers and operators. This is facilitated 
by an appointed corporate SMS Officer and SMS Officers 
per function with support from a network of nominated SMS 
representatives throughout the Company.
The Company’s Safety Strategy
To support the Company vision for safety – “we constantly strive 
to enhance safety together in our quest to reach zero accident” 
– the Company’s product safety strategy is to:
 – implement programmes to continuously enhance the 
safety culture to ensure each employee has a personal 
and collective engagement consistent with the Company’s 
safety values;
 – provide means so that any employee can report safety 
concerns;
 – ensure product safety is a priority in decision making; and
 – share lessons learned and best practices with internal and 
external stakeholders, and take action as appropriate also 
based on identified top safety threats or opportunities.
Regulatory Compliance
Product certifications are provided by the competent aviation 
authorities including the main civil aviation authorities and specific 
military authorities. Within each Division, and according to their 
respective functions, the Company works to ensure compliance 
through design and certification of products under EASA Part 21 
Design Organisation Approvals (DOA); ECSS-Q ST-40-C (for 
space products) and Def-Stan 00-56 (for defence products); 
manufacturing under Production Organisation Approvals (POA); 
monitoring of in-service safety through approved EASA Part-M 
Continuing Airworthiness Management Organisations (CAMO); 
aircraft maintenance and retrofit operations conducted in line 
with civil and military EASA Part 145 regulations; and training 
provided to flight crews, cabin crews and maintenance crews 
through EASA Part 147 Approved Training Organisations (ATO).
The certified organisations within the Company where specific 
approvals are granted by the aviation authorities, are audited 
and monitored by these authorities to ensure compliance with 
regulatory requirements. Additional audits are conducted by 
third parties as part of the quality certifications appropriate to 
each Division, including EN9100, EN9001, EN9110, AQAP 2110, 
AQAP 2210 and AQAP 2310.
Commitment to Just and Fair Culture
This commitment ensures that the appropriate reporting 
channels are available and known to all employees to report 
product safety and quality-related matters in an atmosphere of 
trust and empowerment. It is documented and endorsed with 
the signature of the CEO, Executive Committee members and 
top management.
III. Risk Management
Applying proactive risk management principles has contributed 
to significant improvements to the safety of flight in recent 
decades. This risk management approach drives the Company’s 
corporate safety process, which has been in place for more 
than 15 years. It supports the principles of the Company’s 
safety enhancement culture, going beyond compliance with 
certification and airworthiness duties.
IV. Implementation/Activities
Consistent with its end-to-end approach and as part of its safety 
strategy, the Company has several collaborative initiatives that 
contribute to reinforcing resilience capabilities in the air transport 
system and enhancing the safety level of its products with all 
key actors.
For example, the Company is working with its supply chain to 
extend its safety enhancement principles with its suppliers. 
This  includes specific SMS forums and initiatives with its 
suppliers, which reinforce the collaborative approach for 
optimising responses to in-service feedback and reports. 
To ensure the safety and quality of parts used in aircraft and 
spacecraft manufacturing guarantees that the final product will 
meet safety and quality standards, the Company cascades 
related requirements to all its direct suppliers through contractual 
terms and the Supplier Code of Conduct. These go beyond ISO 
EN9100 quality standards, with the requirement for suppliers 
to continuously train their employees on quality assurance and 
ensure they are appropriately skilled. The Company leads an 
annual audit campaign to verify all quality requirements are met, 
including performance and compliance. Priorities are defined 
based on risk ranking criteria that consider parts criticality, 
operational maturity and production capacity.
Sharing safety information is a key contributor to increasing the 
level of safety. There have been 26 flight safety conferences 
with the Company’s customers since the first was held in 1994. 
Another means of sharing information is through “Safety first”, the 
Company’s safety magazine contributing to the enhancement 
of safety for aircraft operations by increasing knowledge and 
communication on safety-related topics. It reaches over 1,500 
aviation professionals daily via the website safetyfirst.airbus.com 
and the Safety-first app. D10X (short for Air Transport Safety, 
Destination 10X Together) is another collaborative initiative with 
airlines. The aim of D10X is to propose and share pragmatic 
solutions together with operators of Company’s aircraft for the 
key safety issues identified within this network.
In addition to these external safety promotion initiatives, 
the Company invests in internal safety promotion with the 
objective of continuously reinforcing the safety culture of all 
employees. This is supported by different means including 
communication campaigns, training, safety awareness sessions, 
and development of a safety promotion centre. SMS officers 
are nominated and trained in all key business functions to 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 95:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
95Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
ensure implementation, and operation of the SMS within the 
Company, including safety promotion. Since February 2021, 
all SMS officers have been nominated and trained. The above-
mentioned commitment to a just and fair reporting culture is 
another example of an initiative that promotes the Company’s 
safety culture. These elements are integrated in the Company’s 
SMS action plan.
The Company also continues to innovate to benefit from 
technological evolutions to further enhance both operations 
and safety. All these initiatives lead to continuous improvement of 
the safety record. This is illustrated in statistics (below) showing 
that the latest fourth-generation jets are the safest. All Airbus' 
fly- by-wire  family aircraft (including A320, A330/A340, A380, 
A350, A220 fleets) are the latest fourth-generation aircraft.
10 year moving average fatal accident rate (per million flights) per aircraft generation
Generation 2 Generation 4
1.11
0.14
0.05
Generation 3
Efficiency metric evolution (gCO2/km.pax)
0,0
0,2
0,4
0,6
0,8
1,0
1,2
202220202015201020052000
Fig. 10 year moving average fatal accident rate (per million flights) per aircraft generation.
Source of data: official accident reports, ICAO, Cirium, and Company databases. Flight cycle data provided by Cirium.
1.2.8 Cyber Security
I. Introduction
Cyber security risks have the potential to impact all business 
operations, employees, plus products and services if incorrectly 
managed – either in confidentiality, availability or integrity. As 
such, the Company undertakes a continual process of cyber 
security risk identification and remediation, supplemented 
with significant cyber security capabilities for the anticipation, 
prevention, detection and response to cyber threats and events. 
Cyber security risk management is a core element of modern 
organisations, thus the Company has developed state-of-the-
art cyber capabilities for the defence, detection and response 
to emerging cyber threats. The cyber security paradigm adopts 
a compliance, regulatory and risk-based approach embedded 
across four asset bodies: IM, industrial, products and services, 
and people and workplace domains.
Developing cyber security as a function of the business, with the 
relevant capabilities and stakeholders, ensures an evolutionary 
approach for continued protection against emerging threats 
and to support the business in securely enabling its digital 
transformation.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 96:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
96 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Cyber Security GRI SASB SDGs Others
Data Security 9, 12
Highest governance 
body(ies) involved Corporate Security Council; Digital Security Team (Cyber Security Validation Body)
Related corporate 
policies and directives
Airbus Company Security Policy
Security Requirements for Company Information & Data Classification and Protection
Security Requirements for Information Systems Management
Security Requirements for Affiliates
Security Requirements for Industrial Automation and Control Systems
Requirements for Product Security
Requirements on Information Security for Suppliers
Specific Requirements on Information Security for IT Service Providers
Management system
Manage Airbus Company Security – aligned to ISO 27001 standard
Monitor, Identify & Report Company Asset vulnerabilities
Assess & Treat Company Asset Security Risk
Key metrics 2021 2022
Number of data breaches reported to data authorities 1 0
Percentage involving confidential information 100% N/A
Cyber security awareness training e-learning participation (started 1 Jan. 2020, reporting period 1 Oct.-30 Sep.) 67,475 107 ,808
Corporate and IM Cyber Security headcount 290 437
II. Governance
The Company has undertaken a cyber security transformation 
since 2019 with the establishment of a federated model 
of digital security encompassing accountable leaders in 
respective organisational structures such as IT, engineering 
and operations. A dedicated team for security governance was 
established, reporting to the Company Chief Security Officer 
(CSO), responsible for the definition and audit of cyber security 
directives and methods aligned to major industry standards such 
as ISO 27001 or IEC62443. The Company Chief Information 
Security Officer reports to the CSO with a direct reporting line to 
the CEO. Such an approach ensures localised accountability and 
reactivity to cyber risks with centralised governance, reporting, 
technical standards, and processes. Cyber security governance 
encompasses both Divisions and global operations plus affiliates.
Corporate Security Council
The Company has established a Corporate Security Council, 
chaired by the Chief Security Officer, for the coordination of 
security governance and to ensure consolidated security risk 
reporting from each of the four asset clusters: IT, industrial, 
product and services, and people and workplace domains.
Security Governance Directives
Security directives are published and audited to ensure the 
Company business follows the same standards for data 
protection and systems security. Key cyber security directives 
include the ones listed in the table above (Related Corporate 
Policies and Directives).
III. Risk Management
Confidentiality, integrity and availability are known to define cyber 
security objectives when thinking about systems risks. Corporate 
Security is accountable for security risk management and is in 
charge of defining cyber security risks taxonomy and managing 
the lifecycle in ERM, including strategy, organisation, roadmap 
and initiatives at company-wide level.
In terms of cyber security, risk management is the aggregation 
of continual risk reporting, cyber security validation processes 
embedded within security by design principles for projects, 
applications and infrastructures – in addition to the implementation 
of digital security controls aligned to the Company’s enterprise 
security architecture standards.
Risk mitigation measures follow the principle of people, process, 
and technology controls to reduce the likelihood and/or impact 
of cyber incidents. The Company incorporates mandatory 
cyber security training and awareness for all employees with 
additional engagements for employees in higher risk categories 
or where additional regulatory stipulations apply. Security 
processes are fixed through security governance directives, 
business management processes ( e.g. MC.AS.01 Vulnerability 
Management), and operating models. Technical security controls 
are implemented and measured in accordance with ISO 27001 
and other industry standard information security management 
standards.
The Company implements a number of key technical security 
controls in the reduction of cyber incident likelihood including the 
rollout of endpoint protection and data loss prevention tools, the 
implementation of multi-factor authentication, and the adoption 
of enterprise security architecture approaches. To reduce impact 
from cyber events, it operates in-house security operations 
centres covering both commercial and national activities; plus 
a Computer Emergency Response team (“ CERT”) analysing 
cyber security threat intelligence and rapidly investigating and 
containing cyber security incidents.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 97:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
97Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Cyber security risk management is under regular internal and 
external audit, confirming processes and implementation to both 
the Company’s and industry standards. Technical audits are also 
conducted regularly on applications, systems and infrastructures 
in the form of cyber security penetration testing.
Technical red-team (offensive) cyber exercises are conducted 
minimally once per year for the evaluation of detection and 
response planning. These are in addition to annual cyber 
security crisis simulations for evaluation of business continuity 
and reactivity. See “ – Risk Factors – Business-Related Risks – 
Cyber Security Risks'. ”
IV. Implementation/Activities
Building upon the enhancements of 2021, a number of key 
initiative were undertaken in 2022 to improve the cyber security 
position, reduce associated risks and decrease the likelihood of 
successful cyber attacks, including:
 – maintaining full coverage of core divisional company-issued 
laptops deployed with Endpoint Detection & Response (EDR) 
tools;
 – further enhancing data encryption mechanisms, especially 
for cloud based security;
 – maintaining compliance with existing and evolving cyber 
security regulations, and anticipating future national, 
international, and sector-specific cyber security laws;
 – conducting an in-house full red-team cyber exercise for 
continual process improvement and controls maturity. In 
addition to a crisis management anticipation exercise around 
a ransomware scenario;
 – certified Airbus cyber security diploma  launched in France, 
in order to reinforce and future-proof existing cyber security 
competency, in addition to building an appropriate pipeline 
for future skills and needs. This diploma was validated by 
the French administration in charge of delivering professional 
certifications;
 – such activities have continued to reduce the overall cyber 
security risk, specifically around the increasing threat from 
ransomware.
V. Outlook
There are no signs globally that the threats of cyber attack will 
decrease; therefore, the Company maintains an advanced cyber 
security posture and anticipates future threats. Specific focus 
is placed on:
 – ensuring continued compliance to international, national, and 
industry specific cyber security regulations;
 – company resilience; ensuring prevention and recovery from 
cyber skirmishes, and destructive ransomware attacks;
 – extended enterprise and supply chain cyber security 
collaborations.
1.2.9 Health and Safety
I. Introduction
The Company continues to pursue its zero-harm aspiration. The 
safety of its employees and others is its top priority. The Company 
aims to improve the health and well-being of its employees 
and everyone else who works within the Company perimeter. 
Health and safety primarily addresses risk identification, and 
its elimination or prevention, to promote safer and healthier 
conditions in the workplace.
Aligned with its ERM process, the Company has identified the 
following priority topics to manage: mental health and wellbeing, 
hazardous substances and materials, working environment, and 
on-site contractors health and safety management. Associated 
mitigation plans are defined jointly by the health and safety and 
operational organisations.
The Company is applying the principles of the ISO 45001 for 
its management systems. The Company risk mitigation plans 
follow the recognised health and safety hierarchy of control, 
which is hazards elimination, substitution, engineering control, 
administrative controls and, as a final measure, personal 
protective equipment.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 98:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
98 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The Company shall comply with a wide range of local and international health and safety regulations. It measures its performance 
using company-wide indicators, such as the lost time injuries frequency rate, as summarised in the table below:
Health and safety GRI SASB SDGs Others
403 Occupational Health and Safety 8, 12 Vigilance  
Plan
Highest governance body(ies) involved Board of Directors / Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee
Occupational Health and Safety Governance Board ( new)
Related corporate policies Occupational Health and Safety Policy A41, Airbus Code of Conduct
Management system
Relevant certifications
Formal Health and Safety Management Systems
ISO 45001 certified sites cover ~25% of employees
Key metrics  
(More in “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board”)
2021 
Published
2021 
Adjusted
2022  
N ew P erimeter
Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate (1)(2)(3) 3.21 2.28 1.60
Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate – commercial aircraft business (2)(3) 4.31 3.26 2.25
Lost Time Injury Severity Rate – FISH perimeter (3) - - 0.046
Near-miss – commercial aircraft business (1) 19,305 - 28,925
Total health and safety training hours delivered 128,795 286,815
Number of employees who received health and safety training (4) 28,144 90,490
Number of employees having attended “EH&S Certificate” modules 1 & 2 (4) 1,309 2,214
Core entities with ISO 45001 or similar certification ~one third ~one third
% of the Company workforce covered 25% 25%
Remuneration
A proportion of variable pay for executives and “Level IV” managers  is tied to the achievement of the Company 
Lost Time Injury Frequency rate target and Lost Time Injury Frequency rate performance also features in 
calculation of success share payment made to employees.
KPI assumptions
1.  The “2021 Published” company frequency rate includes Airbus commercial aircraft business, Airbus Helicopters 
and Airbus Defence & Space before the creation of Airbus Atlantic and Airbus Aerostructures as separate 
entities.
2.  The 2021 Airbus commercial aircraft “Adjusted” figure excludes sites transferred to the newly created Airbus 
Atlantic and Airbus Aerostructures entities (formerly Stelia and Premium Aerotec and part of Airbus commercial 
aircraft sites).
3.  The FISH KPI perimeter was adjusted in 2022, see section IV. Implementation/activities below for more detail.
4.  Reporting period for training-related metrics is from 1 October to 30 September.
Additional resources People Safety on Airbus.com , Code of Conduct – incl. Health and Safety commitment
NB: in 2022, the company rolling FR1 (excluding Airbus Atlantic and Airbus Aerostructures) decreased from 2.28 to 1.60 however 
if this perimeter included Aerostructures and Airbus Atlantic, the FR1 decreased from 3.29 to 2.23.
II. Governance
In 2022 the Company strengthened its governance of health 
and safety by creating a Company Occupational Health and 
Safety (OHS) Governance Board. The first meeting in July 2022 
was attended by executive representatives of the Company, its 
Divisions and regions, and was chaired by the Company’s Chief 
Human Resources and Workplace Officer. The mission of the 
Company OHS Governance Board is to stimulate continuous 
improvement by reinforcing the compliance and performance 
oversight required by ISO 45001, and driving the ambition to 
improve strategic and operational safety, health and wellbeing, 
while considering the needs of interested parties and the 
business´s sustainability.
A public Airbus Occupational Health and Safety Policy Statement 
was signed by the Company’s CEO in 2021. It enhances and 
reinforces the company-wide Occupational Health and Safety 
Policy priorities, principles and key initiatives including:
 – the continued identification and management of risks to people 
and the business that could arise from work activities;
 – the application of the principles of the International Standard, 
ISO 45001, for the Company management system; and
 – the development of a culture in which employees take 
responsibility for their own health and safety and that of others.
Approximately one third of the Company’s core entities in home 
countries are certified to the ISO 45001 Standard for health and 
safety management systems. The Airbus Defence and Space 
Division sites have renewed their ISO 45001 accreditation in 
2022 . Company-wide, this means that about 25% of employees 
work on sites where the health and safety management system 
is certified to ISO 45001. Other sites operate to the standards 
required by the Company Policy and have formal management 
systems, even though they may not yet be formally certified.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 99:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
99Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
III. Risk management
Occupational health and safety risks are managed using the 
framework provided in the Company methods for “Health and 
Safety Risk Management” and “Incident Management”. Those 
risks that are considered to have a high potential impact, including 
in the Company’s affiliates, are reported in the Company’s ERM 
system.
The method for risk assessment and control consists of a 
sequence of logical steps to identify significant hazards, 
evaluate the risks, and prevent, eliminate or mitigate them. This 
is done following the hierarchy of control principles: elimination, 
substitution, engineering control, administrative controls and, as 
a final measure, personal protective equipment.
The health and safety priority topics identified within the Company 
and forming part of the Company Vigilance Plan are:
 – hazardous substances and materials;
 – working environment;
 – on-site contractors health and safety management;
 – mental health and wellbeing.
The Company has deployed prevention measures and mitigation 
plans around these topics.
The mitigation of the risk of exposure to hazardous substances 
and materials requires the Company to adhere to risk control 
measures when suitable alternatives are not available and subject 
to appropriate authorisations. The mitigation plan includes 
the application of relevant Company methods of substances 
and materials management, the development of surveillance 
programmes, and the recording and analysis of all prevention 
and protective activity. Late 2022 saw the closure of a five-year 
project called REACH-IT, and similar initiatives in the Divisions, 
aiming at ensuring the compliance of the Company sites with the 
stringent environment, health and safety conditions described 
in the European Union´s REACH Chromates Authorisations. 
The project has given the means to local management for 
maintaining a high level of protection of employees and the 
environment where chromates are concerned, covering the 
whole Authorisation period.
Working environment risks include slip, trip and fall, site roads and 
infrastructure, and work at height. These are key areas of focus 
for the Company: in particular, working at height considering 
the potential outcomes. As part of its risk mitigation activities, 
the Company focuses on immediate containment actions 
while defining permanent solutions and putting in place robust 
monitoring, including at top management level.
On-site health and safety contractor management is another 
priority topic. Due to its activities, the Company has various 
contractors working on its sites for which the interaction and 
coordination of activities may generate risks of worker injury or 
damage to products or infrastructure. As part of the mitigation 
activities, a company-wide method for supplier and contractor 
health and safety management (M1243) has been issued. This 
method sets a standardised health and safety framework for 
the selection, approval and management of suppliers and 
contractors who perform work for the Company on its work 
sites. This method is under deployment locally, considering 
already existing procedures and in line with local regulatory 
requirements.
Mental health and wellbeing are also topics of attention for 
the Company, especially given the increasingly challenging 
personal and environmental factors. A management strategy 
and mitigation plan have been defined, which include a network 
of “Wellbeing Focal Points” and relevant training. Further related 
mitigating activities are detailed in section IV. Implementation/
activities below.
The Company’s affiliates report on their health and safety 
management status through the ICSA  exercise or similar system 
in the Airbus Helicopters Division. Their annual report on key 
health and safety management system requirements forms part 
of the ERM process.
IV. Implementation/Activities
The Company’s goal is to enable an environment that’s safe 
and healthy for all. Risk prevention and promotion of safer and 
healthier conditions in the workplace are also key wellbeing 
enablers.
Safety
Key risk mitigation activities were pursued in 2022 including the 
continued promotion of the health and safety culture:
 – campaigns to support a safe return to work after a long break 
such as summer holidays;
 – “Safety Awards” at site level to motivate and engage employees;
 – safety mobilisation days such as the “Winter Road” campaign, 
the “Mental Health Day” and “Safety Weeks”, supported by 
“Level IV” managers;
 – widespread “Safety Lab” sessions that prompted proactive 
discussions;
 – “Safety Box” training held in dedicated spaces raising 
awareness about risk prevention. For some years this has 
been a successful initiative, allowing employees to express 
and engage on relevant safety topics;
 – transparent sharing of safety related information, such as 
frequency rates and “Flash Alerts”.
The Company also refreshed some existing activities and 
developed new initiatives, such as:
 – mandatory environment, health and safety training in particular 
at managers level;
 – extending the “Safety Ambassadors” network;
 – deploying multi-functional safety workshops;
 – broadcasting videos to encourage employees to be actors 
of their own safety and to declare safety situations using the 
FISH tool;
 – introducing new topics such as mental health and well-being 
in the refreshed version of the “Safety Boxes” for the sites 
where all employees have completed the original “Safety 
Box”.
Projects such as “People Safety@Work” (PS@W) for the 
Company’s commercial aircraft activities, the “We Care” initiative 
in the Airbus Defence and Space Division extended to non-
operational areas, and the “Safe Together” initiative in the Airbus 
Helicopters Division, continue the pursuit of positive cultural and 
behavioural change.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 100:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
100 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
New harmonised training courses have been, and are being, 
developed to support culture change and risk prevention, 
including:
 – health and safety fundamentals – A digital course providing 
a high-level overview of occupational health and safety, the 
regulatory framework and the management system approach 
in securing a safer and healthier work environment;
 – induction training – to guide managers in how to deliver an 
effective workplace health and safety induction for new team 
members, also demonstrating the Company’s commitment 
to health, safety and wellbeing;
Over 286,815 hours of dedicated health and safety training were 
delivered to 90,490 individual employees between October 2021 
and September 2022.
Since their creation, around 4,000 employees have attended 
modules 1 and 2 of the “Airbus Environment and Health & 
Safety (EHS) Leadership Certificate”. Between October 2021 
and September 2022, 2,214 employees attended these modules. 
Modules 3 and 4 have been made available from end 2022. 
Successful completion of all four modules will result in an 
externally validated certificate in health and safety competence.
Leadership involvement is key in stimulating continual 
improvement. More than 180 executives and “Level IV” managers 
completed the “Leadership Masterclass on Environment and 
Health & Safety” between October 2021 to September 2022. 
In addition, the majority of executives and “Level IV” managers  
have now attended the practical “Back to the Floor” health and 
safety training.
Occupational Health and Wellbeing
Psychological health and wellbeing are priorities for the Company. 
Whilst the causes of psychological issues tend to be multifactorial, 
this does not alleviate the ethical and commercial reasons for 
supporting employees in pursuit of a state of wellbeing – which 
is more than just the absence of ill-health.
Mental health consultations are offered to employees on site 
and remotely, providing opportunities for them to anonymously 
express concerns about personal or professional aspects in their 
life. In addition, health and wellbeing support material is made 
available on the Company’s intranet pages.
Initiatives such as “Wellbeing seminars”, “Mental Health days” and 
“Therapy dogs” visiting sites have helped to raise awareness and 
open discussion on these sensitive topics. The role of “Wellbeing 
Ambassador” has been created and will be deployed in 2023.
In 2022, the mandatory training list for managers included:
 – “Mental Health Awareness”, exploring ways to recognise and 
address mental health concerns and supporting managers in 
promoting good mental health;
 – “Health and Safety Conscience of a Leader”, reinforcing the 
accident prevention role of leaders and the importance of 
developing a positive health and safety culture.
Finally, the occupational health teams have continued to robustly 
support the fight against COVID-19 and its consequences, by 
providing advice and support for individual employees and the 
business as a whole.
Reporting and Indicators
The Company’s employees are required to report accidents, 
near misses and hazards to their manager, who is consequently 
required to investigate. The incident and investigation details 
are recorded and this data is analysed to identify opportunities 
for risk mitigation and overall performance reporting. Lost time 
injuries are reviewed and assessed where appropriate by the 
relevant bodies, including safety committees. The Frequency 
rate performance is also periodically shared with relevant work 
councils, including the SE-WC.
Company-wide data collection and analysis is performed on 
FISH (Federated Information for Environment, Safety and Health), 
a global environment, health and safety platform, including an 
incident management module. Around 80% of the Company’s 
employees including the active workforce, apprentices and 
temporary employees, are estimated to be covered under the 
FISH platform. The FISH perimeter continues to be progressively 
extended. The deployment of the incident management module 
is ongoing at sites in North America and the Asia Pacific region. 
Complimentary data are monitored by the operational health and 
safety teams. The harmonisation of data management and thus 
more powerful analysis remains a goal.
One of the indicators used by the Company to measure its 
performance is the lost time injury (LTI) frequency rate (the 
“FR1”). This indicator is a company-wide standard designed to 
enable geographical and organisational comparisons and it may 
differ from the formulae used by other companies. This indicator 
considers the work-related lost time injuries in relation to the 
working hours, on a rolling year basis. In the company incident 
management method, lost time injuries are defined as those that 
require medical attention and which cause the employee to be 
absent from their normal work activity for 24 hours or more, not 
counting the day of the accident but including weekends and 
holidays. This produces a figure of the number of injuries per one 
million (1,000,000) worked hours. The 2022 end-of-year figure of 
the rolling frequency rate amounts to 1.60 Company-wide and 
2.25 for the Company’s commercial aircraft perimeter.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 101:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
101Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The Company rolling 12 months employee lost time injury frequency rate
AIRBUS
J F M A M J J A S O N D
2022
0
1
2
3
4
2.18 2.06 2.01 1.92 1.85 1.78 1.73 1.72 1.64 1.62 1.58 1.60
The Company perimeter of the FR1 covers:
 – all main sites in France, Germany and Spain for the Company’s 
commercial aircraft perimeter and the Company Divisions;
 – all main sites in UK for the Company’s commercial aircraft 
perimeter and the Airbus Defence and Space Division;
 – the Company’s commercial aircraft plants in Mobile, US and 
in Tianjin, China;
 – the Airbus Defence and Space Division site in Poland;
 – in 2022 includes  the consolidated data from the Airbus 
Helicopter Division’s Asia Pacific and Latin America affiliates;
 – not included are the newly created Airbus Atlantic and Airbus 
Aerostructures entities (and the French and German sites 
transferred to such entities in 2022).
In the case of the Airbus commercial aircraft business FR1 
perimeter, all main sites in France, Germany, Spain and UK, 
and the commercial aircraft plants in Mobile, USA and in Tianjin, 
China are included (for the avoidance of doubt, the Airbus 
Helicopters and Airbus Defence and Space Divisions, and the 
French and German sites transferred to the newly created Airbus 
Atlantic and Airbus Aerostructures entities are not included).
Company-wide, the Company experienced an improvement of 
more than 29% in the adjusted perimeter in frequency rate in 
2022. The frequency rate figures are reviewed monthly by the 
CEO and the Executive Committee and the data shared with all 
executives and senior leaders in a monthly webinar.
In addition for 2022, the Company is publishing an injury severity 
rate indicator. This indicator measures severity of an injury by the 
number of lost workdays caused by the injury, enabling another 
view of key risk areas. The severity rate perimeter is limited to 
the FISH coverage and amounts to 0.046.
A total of 28,925 near misses have been declared on FISH 
in the commercial aircraft perimeter. The Company pursues 
investigation of near misses to identify cause agents and 
mitigation actions that support accident prevention measures.
V. Outlook
As part of the health, safety and operational environment “2030 
Flightpath” vision, the Company aims to reduce the risk of work-
related injury and ill-health even further, by continually improving 
management system elements, monitoring and data analysis. 
To enhance this approach, a company-wide health and safety 
incident review panel is being put in place to provide oversight 
of incident management and data quality. This oversight will 
include the work of the current local level review panels, 
which determine accident classification. For 2023 onwards 
the ambition is to also audit FR1 at divisional / business level. 
The Company will also continue to pursue its geographical 
deployment of the FISH platform and tools supporting the 
prevention and measurement of physical and ill-health risk. 
Leadership competence will be further enhanced by the 
deployment of the final modules of the “Airbus Environment 
and Health & Safety (EHS) Leadership Certificate”, which will 
provide managers with an externally validated certificate in 
health and safety management.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 102:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
102 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Respect Human Rights and Foster Inclusion
1.2.10 Human Rights
I. Introduction
A Commitment to Respect Human Rights
As a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact since 2003, 
the Company is committed to upholding international human 
rights principles and standards, including the International Bill 
of Human Rights, the International Labour Organization’s (“ILO”) 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and 
its Core Labour Standards. In doing so, the Company aims to 
implement policies and processes that respect applicable law 
in the countries in which the Company operates and take into 
account the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human 
Rights, and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development’s (“ OECD”) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
“Respect for human rights” was prioritised by the Company 
as one of the four sustainability commitments agreed by the 
Executive Committee and the ECSC at Board level during 2020. 
In addition, in reflection of the growing importance it places on 
this topic, the Company endorsed including “respect human 
rights” as part of its 2023 Top Company Objectives in the “in 
all we do, we” section which aims to anchor good governance 
practices and values into the business.
The Company’s actions to progress its ambition to “embed 
and advance respect for human rights throughout its business, 
operations and supply chain related to activities under its full, 
direct control” follow recommendations identified through a 
human rights impact and gap analysis conducted by a specialist 
external human rights consultancy in 2019. This analysis 
considered current and upcoming regulatory requirements and 
international best practice as well as international principles and 
standards, including the UN Guiding Principles for Business and 
Human Rights. Details of these actions follow.
Human Rights GRI SASB SDGs Others Others
3-3 Management of material topics
408 Child Labour
409  Forced or Compulsory Labour
4,5,8,16 Vigilance 
Plan
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved
Board of Directors / ECSC
Executive Committee
Related corporate policies and 
reference documents
Code of Conduct; International Framework Agreement; Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct;  
Airbus Human Rights Policy
Commitments to take into account 
external standards and frameworks
International Bill of Human Rights, ILO’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights  
at Work and its Core Labour Standards, OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises,  
United Nations Guiding Principles
KPIs Target
Target  
year 2021 2022
2022  
vs. 2021
% of investigations completed or in progress (1) 100% Permanent 100% 100% -
% of sites having undertaken a social assessment (2) 100% 2026 10% (6) 29% +19pp
% of findings closed within 18-months (3) 100% Permanent 100% (7) 100% (7) -
Other key metrics 2021 2022
2022  
vs. 2021
Number of participants to human rights trainings – cumulative, reporting period:  
1 Oct.-30 Sep (4) 5789 6955 +1166
Number of alerts of human rights concerns (5) 4 28
KPI and metrics assumptions : 
(1 )  Following reports of concerns linked to forced and child labour and other labour rights. 
(2)   % of the Company’s sites with over 100 employees, cumulative since 2020, undergoing a social assessment including human and 
labour rights (based on number of in scope sites at 2020). 
(3)  Following social assessments including human and labour rights, carried out on the Company’s sites. 
(4)  Cumulative number of participants who have completed e-learning modules on human rights and modern slavery since 2018.
(5)  Including forced labour and labour rights (received via  OpenLine and other means) through the Company’s supply chain. 
(6)  Cumulative since 2020. Due to a change in calculation methodology, this number has been reduced based on the 2021 report.
(7)   Number of site findings closed within 18 months 100%. Closure of identified findings related to corporate management systems 
pending release of the Company’s Sustainability Due Diligence and Human Rights Directive.
Additional resources
Code of Conduct , Supplier Code of Conduct , Modern Slavery Statement , Human Rights on 
Airbus.com ,
OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises , Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible 
Business Conduct , ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 103:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
103Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
II. Governance
The Executive Vice-President Communication and Corporate Affairs has top level accountability for human rights at Executive 
Committee level. During 2022, following formalisation of the Company’s governance arrangements for human rights in 2020, the 
Company held a number of meetings and presentations to support and advance respect for human rights. These included:
Governance Number of meetings in 2022 Key responsibilities
Human Rights Core Team , chaired  
by the Head of Human Rights 
Roadmap
Target 6
(achieved)
Ensuring the development and delivery of the human 
rights roadmap, including actions against agreed 
targets and support for awareness raising and capacity 
building.
Human Rights Steering Committee , 
chaired by the Head of Sustainability 
and Environment
Target 3
(achieved)
Providing strategic guidance to support decision 
making and prioritisation, as well as providing guidance 
and support on progress.
Presentation on human rights to  
the Executive Committee
Target 2
(achieved)
Agree and guide the strategic direction of the 
Company’s human rights ambition, agree and guide 
the prioritisation of initiatives and resource allocation for 
implementation and review the status and effectiveness 
of actions in progress (including roadmap/targets/KPIs).
Presentation on human rights  
at the ECSC
Target 1
(achieved)
Make and support decisions on identified salient 
issues and emerging significant risks, make and 
support decisions on key trends/legislation and provide 
feedback and steering as required.
During 2022, the Company reviewed its governance on human 
rights to reflect its transition from policy-setting into business 
integration. Part of this review included a review of the role of 
the Human Rights Multi-Functional Team (MFT) which has now 
transitioned into a Human Rights Core Team. The Core Team is 
made up of multi-divisional and multi-functional representatives 
from within the Company with key actions aligned to delivery of 
the H uman R ights R oadmap. In addition, the mandate of key 
internal networks, including the Sustainability Ambassadors’ 
network and the Ethics and Compliance network were extended 
to cover the topic of human rights. Work will continue to embed 
human rights into these networks and ensure they have the 
right competencies to adequately support the Human R ights 
R oadmap.
Human Rights Policy
Building on the human rights commitments and expectations that 
have existed in various key documents for many years (including 
within the Airbus International Framework Agreement signed in 
2005, the Company’s Code of Conduct and Supplier Code of 
Conduct), a key focus for 2022 included efforts to consolidate 
commitments to human rights standards and principles as well 
as expectations in this respect (aligned to international human 
rights standards and principles including the United Nations 
Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights, the ILO Core 
Conventions on Labour Standards and the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises), into a specific internal Human Rights 
Policy which was formally approved in 2022 and endorsed by 
members of the Executive Committee.
A number of internal and external stakeholders supported 
the creation of the policy including divisional and functional 
representatives of the Human Rights Core Team and Steering 
Committee and members of the Legal & Compliance team. 
Externally the policy was reviewed by representatives from 
specialist expert human rights organisations, academics and 
civil society. The policy was also presented and discussed 
at the Airbus Global Forum which brings together social 
partner representatives from the Company’s sites around the 
world and the Societas Europaea Works Council (“ SE-WC”) 
which represents the Company’s European social partners 
(see  “– 1.2.12 Social Dialogue”). An external Human Rights 
Policy Statement by the Company’s CEO, Guillaume Faury, was 
published on the Company’s website and provides a top level 
summary of the Company’s Human Rights Policy commitments.
The commitments contained within the Human Rights Policy 
will be integrated into the Company through the deployment 
of a dedicated internal Directive. This Directive brings together 
external requirements such as legal requirements and 
international standards and principles, as well as existing internal 
commitments relating to human rights including through the 
Airbus Code of Conduct, Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct, 
the International Framework Agreement and the Airbus Human 
Rights Policy. A key focus of 2022 included raising awareness of 
the Directive and respective requirements with a view to prepare 
the integration of the requirements into the Company’s internal 
management system and processes. This work will continue to 
be a focus during 2023.
III. Risk Management
The Company’s identified salient human rights issues are 
embedded into the Company’s risk portfolio in the frame of 
the Company’s ERM system and associated response plans 
developed to address identified impacts. Actions are reviewed 
regularly by the Human Rights Core Team and any salient 
human rights issues requiring particular focus are escalated to 
the Human Rights Steering Committee as well as the Executive 
Committee and ECSC as required. An update of actions related 
to the Company’s salient human rights issues follows, with further 
actions progressing throughout 2023. Taking into account that 
salient human rights issues may change over time due to internal 
and external influences, the Company is committed to reviewing 
them regularly and at least once per year.
Salient Human Rights Issues
The Company’s initial salient human rights issues were identified 
through a human rights impact and gap analysis carried out 
in 2019. This identification was based on desktop research, 
a benchmark of industry peers and companies in similar 
industries and an analysis of stakeholder expectations, including 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 104:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
104 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
consideration from a rightsholder perspective. These issues 
were reviewed, updated and validated during 2020 through 
the Human Rights MFT and engagement with a number of key 
external stakeholders, including human rights NGOs, academics/
researchers and industry groups. The identified salient human 
rights issues (with impacted rightsholders in parentheses) and 
actions undertaken during 2022 follows:
 – impact of products and services (passengers and 
citizens): Overseen by the Company’s Executive Committee, 
the Company continued to review how to integrate human 
rights due diligence through existing processes and tools with 
a view to mitigating the risk of misuse of its defence products. 
For further details of actions related to this salient issue, please 
see the Due Diligence section below;
 – forced and child labour and other labour rights 
(contractors and supply chain):  Key activities to mitigate 
the risk of forced and child labour and other labour rights 
in the Company’s supply chain included the continued roll 
out of the Company’s revised Supplier Code of Conduct, 
with strengthened expectations on forced and child labour 
as well as other human and labour rights and a requirement 
for suppliers to formally confirm adherence to the Supplier 
Code of Conduct and to cascade the principles throughout 
their supply chain. In addition, the Company took actions 
to include human rights in the supplier onboarding process 
and to strengthen its supply chain due diligence including 
updated risk mapping (country and activity) and a review of its 
risk identification and alert management process. For further 
information, see the Due Diligence section below and “– 1.2.15 
Responsible Supply Chain”;
 – inclusion and diversity:  During 2022, actions to progress 
this salient issue included a continued focus on the “25 by 25” 
gender diversity ambition to increase female representation 
at executive levels of the Company, creating a robust pipeline 
including specific leadership programmes for women, such 
as “MyWay” where the Company increased the numbers 
of cohorts by 100% versus 2021 and to support inclusive 
leadership. Furthermore, a mandatory inclusion and diversity 
training module was rolled out for all employees achieving 
more than 95% by the end of 2022. For further information, 
see “– 1.2.11 Inclusion and Diversity”;
 – the transition to decarbonisation (supply chain):  2022 
was dedicated to identifying the key areas of risk that the 
Company’s transition to decarbonisation may create, affecting 
in particular human rights. The identified areas include the 
potential impact on communities due to the production of 
SAF, carbon offset initiatives and specific minerals required in 
the development and manufacturing of new technology. The 
Company is already engaged in various coalitions (e.g. the 
Roundtable for Sustainable Biomaterials and the International 
Sustainability and Carbon Certification) to ensure that human 
rights dimensions are considered in these areas. For further 
information see “–  1.2.2 Climate Change” and “–  1.2.15 
Responsible Supply Chain”;
 – data privacy: During 2022, the data privacy team continued 
to implement and improve the data privacy programme 
throughout the Company. For further information see Privacy 
section in “– 1.2.14 Business Integrity”.
Review of salient human rights issues
Salient Human Rights Issues
 - Impacts related to products and services  
(passengers and citizens )
 - Impacts related to diverse and inclusive workplaces  
(own workforce )
 - Risk of forced labour ( workers in supply chain )
 - Impacts related to sourcing of raw materials  
(workers in supply chain )
During 2022, the Company undertook a full review of its salient 
human rights issues. This review followed a similar process of 
identification as that undertaken in 2019 (via comprehensive 
document review, interviews with key internal stakeholders and 
verification including with internal and external stakeholders) 
and prioritisation and weighting based on severity (assessed 
from scale, scope and remediability criteria) and likelihood. 
During this review, stakeholder feedback was taken into 
account which led to the identification and prioritisation of 
“underlying issues” to support more effective action plans. 
The review also included an analysis of the Company’s ability to 
use its leverage to influence mitigation of the risk (e.g., whether 
it is directly linked to the risk), or whether the Company has 
caused or contributed to the risk. Actions to progress response 
plans will continue through 2023.
In addition, in order to strengthen the management of the action 
plans, a governance framework has been established such 
that the Company’s salient human rights issues (and identified 
underlying issues) are sponsored by relevant members of the 
Company’s Executive Committee who will provide oversight of 
the action plans within the frame of the Company’s risk portfolio. 
In addition, a process for the regular review of the Company’s 
salient human rights issues is currently being developed which 
will include ensuring a risk review is performed at least once 
per year, with a more in-depth review every three years. For 
full details of the Company’s priority risks, see “– 1.2.1 – VII. 
Airbus’ way forward: vigilance plan”.
Due Diligence on Human Rights
During 2022, the Company continued to strengthen its risk-
based human rights due diligence taking into account the OECD 
Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. 
This focus, which will continue throughout 2023, included:
 – due diligence within the Company’s own operations;
 – supply chain due diligence;
 – product and service due diligence (focused on the Company's 
defence portfolio).
This due diligence is intended to support identification, 
prevention or mitigation and remediation of human rights risks 
across the Company’s value chain, including risks related to 
forced and child labour, working time and wages, freedom 
of association and discrimination and harassment in both 
the Company’s supply chain and own operations as well as 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 105:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
105Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
risks in relation to the Company’s products and services. Key 
activities conducted during 2022 under each due diligence 
workstream includes:
Supply Chain Due Diligence
Through the Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap, the Company 
undertook a full review of the way it conducts due diligence, 
including related to human rights, within its supply chain. For full 
details, see “– 1.2.15 Responsible Supply Chain”.
Due Diligence Related to Own Operations
Through the HR team, the Company started to develop due 
diligence in order to identify ways to manage risk related to 
human rights within its own operations. This included:
 – development of a due diligence framework taking into account  
the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business 
Conduct;
 – formalisation of governance for progressing actions related 
to this framework, including the nomination of a project lead 
to support and progress actions;
 – prioritisation of actions linked to the Company’s salient human 
rights issues, which includes plans to conduct a risk-based 
impact and gap analysis to understand the potential risk of 
forced labour on the Company’s sites as well as review of 
relevant policies and processes.
Further actions will continue during 2023.
Product and Service Due Diligence  
(Focused on the Company’s defence portfolio)
Overseen by the Company’s Executive Committee, the Company 
continued to review how to integrate human rights due diligence 
through existing processes and tools with a view to mitigating 
the risk of misuse of its defence products. Analysis to date 
has focused on the Company’s products with plans to review 
integration of the provision of services to follow. Actions during 
2022 follow:
 – recognising that human rights considerations already exist 
in the stringent export compliance process, an assessment 
of the potential integration of actions, upstream of the export 
control process, to assess the level of risk of potential misuse. 
This assessment will support a decision to progress to the 
export control stage;
 – the current proposal includes a due diligence process that 
takes into account the potential risk of Company products 
being used in violation of human rights using criteria including 
country risk and intended product use;
 – this draft process received approval to move to a pilot phase 
during 2023 before further evaluation.
Further actions will continue during 2023.
Social Assessments (Focused on Human and 
Labour Rights) Conducted on the Company’s  
Own Sites
During 2022, the Company continued to conduct on-site social 
assessments focused on human and labour rights covering 
its own sites. These assessments were carried out using an 
independent third-party social assurance provider consistent 
with the assessments carried out in the Company’s supply 
chain.
Nineteen onsite social assessments (from a target of 18) were 
conducted in 2022 in countries including: China, Finland, 
France, Germany, Malaysia, Morocco, Romania, Saudi Arabia, 
Singapore, the UAE and the UK. The sites were selected based 
on an analysis of country risk using publicly available indices 
(including child labour, forced labour and labour rights), the 
type of activity (prioritising production facilities) and the number 
of employees. In addition, any alerts relating to human rights 
coming from other sources, including the ICSA process. Relevant 
legislation was also taken into account.
During these assessments, findings were identified across 
11 sites, including through in situ subcontractors. The Company 
aims to close all site findings without undue delay and within a 
maximum of 18 months.
In order to strengthen its due diligence process, the Company 
has set a target to ensure that 100% of its sites with over 
100 employees are assessed for human and labour rights risks 
by the end of 2026. Since 2020, 29% of the Company’s sites 
with 100+ employees have been assessed.
Grievance and Remediation
During 2022, the Company continued to promote its SpeakUp 
and ListenUp culture related to human rights concerns, including 
reinforcement of the use of its OpenLine confidential reporting 
system, within its revised Supplier Code of Conduct (see “– 1.2.15 
Responsible Supply Chain”).
In 2022, the Company undertook a gap analysis of its OpenLine 
policies and processes against upcoming legal requirements and 
international standards and principles related to human rights, 
in particular the UN Guiding Principles. Overall, the Company's  
existing policies and procedures align with benchmark 
recommendations. Recommended additional actions included  
a review of the languages OpenLine is available in, and having 
the link to OpenLine available on the Contact Us' page of the 
Company’s website. These and other identified actions will be 
reviewed and progressively rolled out during 2023.
If an allegation of human rights breach received from within the 
Company or through its supply chain or other third-party business 
relationships is found to be substantiated, remedy would be 
sought through a variety of mechanisms. If an alert is received 
via its OpenLine reporting system, the Company commits to 
acknowledge receipt of the report as soon as possible. The 
Company has a global network of internal investigators, tasked 
with investigating allegations, including those relating to human 
rights such as forced or child labour, or labour rights and working 
conditions.
During 2022, 28 alerts of concern were raised related to human 
rights or labour rights from within the Company’s supply 
chain. This increase (from four disclosed in 2021) reflects the 
progressing maturity of the Company’s due diligence efforts 
as well as increasing awareness on human rights topics. 
The alerts were raised through either the supplier screening 
process, external reports (media/NGO reports) or the Company’s 
OpenLine. Following analysis, 24 of the alerts were closed with 
no required actions; four remain open pending completion of 
required actions. The Company will continue to investigate any 
new alerts during 2023.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 106:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
106 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
IV. Implementation/Activities
Awareness Raising and Training
During 2022, the Company continued to raise awareness of 
human rights, including through the promotion of its dedicated 
training on human rights and modern slavery, which is available 
to all employees in four languages. This training was updated 
during 2022 to take into account the publication of the Human 
Rights Policy. During the period 1 October to 31 September 
2022, 1,166 participants undertook this training (6,955 in total 
since its launch), which included information on how to identify 
the signs of human rights abuse and what to do if anybody has 
concerns. This training will be part of the compulsory training 
for all employees of the Company during 2023.
Also during 2022, the Company created a dedicated eLearning 
module on human rights targeting “Level  IV” managers, 
including the heads of its subsidiaries and controlled affiliates. 
This eLearning formed part of the compulsory training for the 
Company’s Executives during 2022 and will remain on the list 
during 2023. Since its launch up to 31 September 2022, 489 
participants have completed this training.
Furthermore, during 2022 the Company introduced a pilot 
programme of in-depth training aimed at buyers and supply 
chain quality managers focused on human rights and in 
particular identifying forced labour. This programme aims to 
provide interactive small group virtual training to ensure deeper 
understanding and engagement. The aim is that this training 
will be rolled out further during 2023.
Additional topic-based training relating to human rights is also 
available to all employees of the Company, a number of which 
are mandatory, including inclusion and diversity topics such as 
unconscious bias.
The Company also published a number of articles on human 
rights internally via  its Hub Portal and Airbus TV during 2022. 
This communication was aimed at demystifying human rights 
as well as focusing on topics such as forced labour and 
wellbeing, and included interviews as well as opportunities to 
provide comments and feedback. Communication will continue 
throughout 2023.
Stakeholder Engagement and Collaboration
During 2022, the Company continued its membership of the 
Global Business Initiative on Business and Human Rights 
(GBI), a specialist peer learning group focused on advancing 
respect for human rights throughout the world. As part of its 
membership, the Company also took part in three dedicated 
workstreams: downstream due diligence, environment and 
human rights and tracking and measurement, the progress of 
which were shared with other GBI members.
The Company is also a member of a number of industry trade 
associations which during 2022 held focused discussions on 
progressing human rights within the aerospace and defence 
industry. These include ASD (the Aerospace and Defence 
Industries Association of Europe), GIFAS (French Aerospace 
Industries Association), BDSV (German Industry Association 
for Security and Defence), ADS (UK Industry Association for 
Aerospace, Defence, Security and Space) and TechUK (the UK’s 
technology trade association).
The Company also engaged with a number of external 
stakeholders on human rights in order to advance the topic 
through external collaboration. These included academics, 
researchers, civil society organisations, officials and peers. A 
number of discussions with the Company’s investors on the 
topic of human rights also took place during 2022, including on 
the topic human rights due diligence related to defence sales.
In addition, an update of the H uman R ights R oadmap was also 
presented to key internal stakeholder groups including the SE-WC 
comprising social partners from across the Company’s European 
sites.
Regulatory Compliance
During 2022, the Company undertook an analysis of current 
and upcoming legislation related to human rights including 
Germany's new Supply Chain Due Diligence Act. Actions to fill 
any identified gaps will be undertaken throughout 2023.
During 2022, in accordance with the UK Modern Slavery Act 
and the Australian Commonwealth Modern Slavery Act, the 
Company published a Modern Slavery Statement outlining the 
actions it had undertaken to mitigate modern slavery risks in its 
global business, operations or supply chain. This Statement was 
published on the UK Government and Australian Government 
websites as well as the Company’s website. In addition the 
Company completed the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) Modern 
Slavery Assessment Tool.
V. Outlook
During 2023, the Company will continue its focus on embedding 
and advancing its commitment to respect human rights 
throughout its business, operations and supply chain. Specific 
ongoing actions include:
 – progressing actions identified as part of the Company’s human 
rights roadmap;
 – progressing response plans related to its identified salient 
human rights issues;
 – progressing social assessments focused on human and labour 
rights throughout the Company’s sites;
 – capacity building with key teams including development of 
training, communication and awareness raising;
 – ensuring alignment of actions with current and upcoming 
legislation.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 107:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
107Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.2.11 Inclusion and Diversity
I. Introduction
“Respect  human  rights  and  foster  inclusion” is one 
of the four sustainability commitments. This priority reflects the 
focus the Company puts on inclusion & diversity (“I&D”) and 
is illustrated by the 147 nations that its employees represent. 
An I&D position statement outlines the Company’s commitments 
to creating a safe and inclusive culture, including zero tolerance 
to discrimination and harassment, while the Company’s 
Code of Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct express the 
expectations towards both employees and suppliers in this 
respect.
In line with the Company’s values, a comprehensive I&D strategy 
drives the Company’s approach to embedding I&D focusing on 
intergenerational, ethnic, social and cultural diversity as well as 
gender equality, LGBTQ+, neurodiversity and disability-friendly 
policies and hiring practices. The I&D strategy aims to ensure 
that the Company:
 – creates a safe environment and inclusive culture where 
collaboration, empowerment, continuous learning and 
accountability are promoted and valued. The Company has 
zero tolerance for harassment or discrimination of any kind;
 – attracts, recruits, develops and retains a large and diverse pool 
of talents. This talent is a reflection of the Company’s customer 
and supplier base as well as the communities around;
 – develops a thriving work environment supported by its values 
system, leadership model as well as a Code of Conduct 
understood and lived by all;
 – is committed to have a positive long-term sustainable impact 
not only in the aviation sector but also in the communities the 
Company works in by being signatories to the SDGs.
Inclusion & Diversity GRI SDGs Others
405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity,
406 Non-discrimination 4, 5, 8, 16 Vigilance Plan
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved
Board of Directors / ECSC; Executive Committee
Inclusion & Diversity Board
Related corporate policies 
and documents
Human Resources Airbus Company Policy
Airbus Code of Conduct
Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct
External standards or 
frameworks taken into 
account
Universal Declaration of Human Rights
OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
ILO Conventions
KPIs Target Target horizon 2021 2022
2022  
vs. 2021
% of external hires to be 
female (active workforce)
33% Yearly 22% 27% +5p.p.
% women in Board of 
Directors 33% 2022 25% 33% +8p.p.
% women in senior 
management – Executives 18% 2022 14% 16% +2p.p.
Number of men in senior 
management – Executives 821
Number of women in senior 
management – Executives 157
Other key metrics   
(More in “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board”) 2021 2022 2022  
vs. 2021
% women in active workforce 19% 20% +1p.p.
% women in Executive 
Committee 25% 25% +0p.p.
% women in “Level IV” 
managers 16% 17% +1p.p.
Additional resources
Code of Conduct – incl. non-discrimination commitment ,
Inclusion and diversity on Airbus.com ,
Airbus International Framework Agreement – incl. Equal Opportunities commitment
UN Women’s Empowerment Principles – CEO statement, AD CEO statement,
LGBT+ Charter with L ’Autre Cercle Association for an inclusive work environment,
France Gender Pay Gap Statement 2021, UK Gender Pay Gap Report,
Airbus UK I&D Agreement, Women in Aviation and Aerospace Charter ,
Women in Defence Charter ,
Partnerships supporting people with disabilities: Atouts pour tous , Handisup ,
Handi Proconseil
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 108:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
108 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
II. Governance
The I&D team is part of the “DEVELOP Centre of Expertise” 
within the Human Resources function and represents Airbus 
and its Divisions, with regional I&D focal points supporting the 
implementation of the I&D strategy globally.
An I&D Advisory Board, chaired by the Chief Human Resource 
Officer with representatives from the Executive Committee and 
other Divisional and regional executives, meets quarterly and 
provides top level oversight and input into the I&D strategy, as 
well as reviews risks or issues raised, providing support on new 
initiatives, processes or changes to policy and makes appropriate 
recommendations to the Executive Committee.
In addition, local I&D steering committees, championed by 
“Level IV” managers  and executives in the regions, provide 
additional support to embed and advance the I&D strategy, 
locally and provide valuable input to the I&D team and advisory 
board. The steering committees are supported by a network of 
diversity business champions embedded in the business, who 
advocate for an inclusive working environment.
III. Risk Management
Any identified risks related to I&D are recorded in the Company’s 
ERM and appropriate action plans agreed. Progress is reviewed 
quarterly. In addition, any alerts related to I&D raised via the 
Company’s SpeakUp culture, including its OpenLine reporting 
system, are investigated in accordance with the Company’s 
investigation process.
IV. Implementation/Activities
Gender Diversity
The Company supports various national and international 
initiatives such as International Women’s Day, and since 2018 
the Company has committed to the UN Women’s Empowerment 
Principles aimed at empowering women to participate fully 
in economic life. The Company has also led the “Women in 
Aviation and Aerospace Charter” and has been instrumental 
in the development of the “Women in Defence Charter” 
which demonstrates the commitment of a growing number of 
organisations across the industry to build a more balanced and 
fairer industry for women.
In order to actively follow the four sustainability commitments, 
dedicated training courses on  I&D related matters are 
permanently available to all employees and promoted within the 
learning catalogue and are as well included in the compulsory 
learning plan. With a special focus on leaders, the Company 
launched a “Management Basics & Leadership Foundations 
Programme” to ensure that inclusive leadership becomes the 
norm at all levels in 2020. In 2022, the MyWay Women leadership 
programme, dedicated to women leaders of tomorrow, registered 
100 women, twice as many as the previous year. To date, this 
programme has trained over 220 women, including the current 
cohort. The Company’s leadership development programme 
attendances are balanced in terms of gender representation.
Further dedicated role model sessions called Women@Airbus, 
digital recruitment events to encourage more women to apply 
for jobs, have been carried out online with over 400 women 
participating. During 2022, the Company disclosed its gender 
pay gap as required by both French and UK legislation, and 
continues to put measures in place to ensure gender pay parity 
worldwide.
Gender Diversity in Senior Management – 
Executives
The Company strives to accelerate female representation in 
leadership roles. Accordingly, it has set targets for gender 
diversity in Executives management positions, associated with 
a dedicated action plan. It includes slots in dedicated leadership 
programmes, aimed at development of leaders selected from 
across various geographies and functions. In 2022, performance 
stood at 16% against a 18% target, which is a 2p.p. increase 
year-on-year. The company is committed to pursuing efforts, 
focusing on leadership programmes, mentorship, sponsorship, 
targeted recruitment and strengthening promotions pipeline to 
enhance female representation on executives positions.
Other Diversity Dimensions
The Company is also accelerating change through its employee-
led Employee Resource Group “Balance for Business” 
network, which has around 10,000  volunteer members 
worldwide. Initiatives run through this network include roadshows 
promoting employee-led initiatives such as peer-to-peer 
mentoring, confidence building and encouraging employees to 
challenge stereotypes and build their careers. The network also 
supports some outreach initiatives.
Other employee-led networks such as WIN Together, the Airbus 
Africa Network, Spectrum (Racial diversity and inclusion), Pride@
Airbus (LGBTQ+), Generation-A (Millennials), Seniors Talent and 
(Dis)Ability ambassadors networks are key to raising awareness 
of  I&D, promoting inclusion, equal rights and increasing 
visibility. Initiatives include mentoring, leadership development 
of under-represented groups as well as conferences and 
discussions open to all employees.
The annual Ability Weeks campaign aims to raise awareness 
on disability across the Company and worldwide. This includes 
a series of workshops and awareness sessions on topics such 
as: digital accessibility, workplace adaptations, mental health 
care. During 2022’s campaign, more than 3000 employees 
participated in live workshops, and over 30 events were 
organised worldwide. These events are also an opportunity for 
the Company to share some of the initiatives set up internally, 
such as Airbus Humanity Lab showcasing prosthetic blades 
made from recycled carbon from a production line.
Highlighting that being unique is valued and that difference is 
welcome, the Company ran an awareness campaign during 2022 
to promote awareness of the importance of digital accessibility 
for employees with disabilities as a means for inclusion.
During 2022, the Company also engaged in various social 
diversity programmes in partnership with a number of different 
associations to promote quality education and mentorship for 
young people from underprivileged areas. For example, the 
Company participated in the French government’s initiative “La 
France, une chance. Les entreprises s’engagent!” to encourage 
companies to help everyone find their place in society by taking 
actions such as recruiting from underprivileged areas, promoting 
education learning and committing to responsible purchasing 
(inclusive supply chain).
V. Outlook
In 2023, the Company will pursue its I&D ambition, aiming 
at embedding I&D in everything it does. Priorities for 2023 
include continuing the Company’s focus on gender parity, 
while simultaneously strengthening focus on other aspects of 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 109:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
109Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
the I&D strategy such as disability, internationality and cognitive 
diversity. Upcoming actions on I&D include:
 – eliminating systemic barriers during talent recruitment, 
development and management;
 – agreeing on targets for external recruitment of women, external 
recruitment from non-EU countries and external recruitment 
of people with disabilities;
 – extending leadership development programmes to include a 
focus on I&D and in particular on gender diversity;
 – increasing awareness and training on inclusive leadership and 
unconscious bias;
 – leveraging and reinforcing business ownership and 
accountability through the Company’s network of diversity 
champions;
 – continued support to encourage STEM studies for young 
women in schools and universities through mentorship, 
tutorship, directly or through the associations sponsored by 
the Company.
1.2.12 Social Dialogue
I. Introduction
In 2022, the Company continued its numerous discussions, 
consultations and negotiations with its social partners, sometimes 
on a daily basis in order to discuss Company transformation 
projects, the evolution of Company agreements, measures to 
support production ramp-up, or cope with the evolution of the 
economic environment.
These various transformations were carried out in line with the 
common principles and standards of the ILO convention, the 
OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the principles 
laid down by the UN Global Compact.
Employee relations are underpinned by the Company 
commitments made in the Company’s Code of Conduct and 
the Airbus International Framework Agreement, signed in 2005.
Labour Relations GRI SASB SDGs Others
402  Labor / Management Relations 8, 16, 17
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved Executive Committee
Related corporate ref 
documents Airbus Code of Conduct, International Framework Agreement, SE-WC agreement (updated 2018)
Airbus commitments to 
take into account external 
standards and frameworks
ILO’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and its Core Labour Standards, OECD 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
Key metrics 2021 2022
Number of meetings with SE-WC  
(agreement says four per year) 12 7
% workforce covered by collective bargaining agreements ca 80% ca 80%
Additional resources
Code of Conduct , Airbus International Framework Agreement ,
ILO’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights ,
OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises , the Global Deal Initiative
II. Governance
In the International Framework Agreement (“ IFA”), the 
Company reaffirms it strives to respect the regulation regarding 
fundamental human rights, equal opportunities, free choice of 
employment, as well as prohibition of child labour and respect 
and ensuring the conditions for social dialogue.
The Company intends, via  its agreements, to respect the 
disposition of the following ILO conventions: numbers 111 
(discrimination –  employee and occupation), 100 (equal 
remuneration), 135 (workers’ representatives), 29 (forced 
labour), 105 (abolition of forced labour), 182 (child labour), 138 
(minimum age), 87 (freedom of association and protection of 
the right to organise) and 98 (right to organise and collective 
bargaining).
The head of each business is responsible for ensuring 
compliance with these principles. The provisions of the IFA 
define the Company’s standards to be applied wherever the 
Company operates provided they are not in contravention of 
local law, insofar as more favourable conditions do not exist 
already. Dedicated processes ensure that the provisions of this 
agreement are not breached wherever the Company operates.
Labour relations and social dialogue are fully part of the 
Company’s DNA and, therefore, their continuous evolution 
and improvement are embedded in the Company’s Human 
Resources strategy supporting the Company’s business 
challenges and the sustainability roadmap. It includes 
discussions about the identification and mitigation of risks 
inherent to Company’s activities and those of its suppliers 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 110:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
110 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
with regards to human rights, environment and health & 
safety. In cases of restructuring, the Company strives to limit 
as much as possible the negative impacts on its workforce 
and considers employment as a priority. As an illustration, the 
last restructuring plan implying significant workforce reduction 
was completed in 2021: the COVID-19 adaptation plan resulted 
in the signature of various collective agreements by the main 
unions and provided for a range of social measures including: 
trainings, internal mobilities, working time adaptations, voluntary 
departure schemes, early retirement and the opportunity to 
pursue personal or professional opportunities outside of the 
Company, such as business creation as well as dedicated partial 
unemployment schemes.
Regular social dialogue is ensured at global, European and local 
levels as per ILO requirements, local legislation and Company 
agreements about social dialogue, for instance thanks to the 
Company’s European SE-WC agreement which was updated in 
2018. Sites outside Europe are also covered by the Company’s 
IFA framing the social dialogue and social culture in line with 
local labour legislation, culture and practices of respective 
countries.
In line with the Company´s global social dialogue strategy and 
since 2019, the discussions with the social partners have not 
only been assured at local or European level but have also 
happened at global level with the creation of the Airbus Global 
Forum (“ AGF”). In line with the Company’s commitments in 
terms of Sustainability, the AGF is a clear illustration of the 
Company’s engagement for a responsible social dialogue. The 
seat allocation for employee representatives is based upon 
Company’s headcount distribution across the globe and 
conditional to existing legal employee representation as per 
applicable regulations and practices in the relevant countries.
In addition, the Company is an active member of the Global Deal 
for Decent Work and Inclusive Growth initiative (“Global Deal”) 
that was developed in cooperation with the ILO and OECD. 
The Global Deal is a multi-stakeholder partnership between 
governments, business and employers’ organisations, trade 
unions, civil society and other organisations that seeks to 
make economic growth work for all against a backdrop of rapid 
changes in the world of work. Furthermore, the Company has 
regular discussions with some national and international trade 
union federations.
III. Risk management
The European labour relations’ management of the four home 
countries of the Company (France, Germany, UK, Spain) is also 
part of the Company risk management processes and these 
risks are reviewed internally on a quarterly basis. For example, 
during 2022, employee relations continued to focus on ensuring 
legal compliance regarding national labour laws and investing 
in training the Company’s HR professionals about labour law. 
The Company’s approach to risk management is also reinforced 
by the OpenLine reporting system, which allows employees to 
report concerns anonymously (where legally permitted).
IV. Implementation/Activities
During 2022, the Company continued activities aimed at 
strengthening collaborative and partnership approaches 
with unions in various countries. The main focus has been 
on preserving global social dialogue, addressing Company 
transformation projects as well as informing and consulting about 
employment, working conditions and sustainability.
Preserving a Global Social Dialogue
In Europe, seven European committees have taken place at 
Company level in 2022, including discussions about the Company’s 
commercial aircraft activities. The composition of the SE-WC 
was renewed in accordance with the Company agreement and 
its rules of procedure. At the Company’s Airbus Helicopters 
Division, four European committees have taken place. The main 
topics have been the follow up of the Division’s performance and 
strategy, the deployment of the site specialisation strategy and 
more globally the Company transformation, focusing in particular 
on competitiveness, digitalisation and environmental roadmap. 
At the Company’s Airbus Defence and Space Division, eight 
European committees have taken place. The main topics have 
been the strategy and performance of the Division with a focus 
on sustainable transformation, including the AD 4.1 and the AD 
Digital reorganisations.
With a global reach, the third AGF took place early July 2022 in a 
digital format and has proven again to be an effective exchange 
platform between the Company’s top leaders in the regions 
and its employee representatives from the Company’s home 
countries as well as Poland, Romania, Morocco, Tunisia, Brazil, 
New Zealand, Australia, North America and China. The AGF 
agenda triggered insightful discussions around business and 
human resources including actions about sustainability, human 
rights, safety and wellbeing. It also served as an opportunity 
to enhance the perspective of the Company’s social partners 
on local and regional practices with regards to social matters, 
especially out of the European home countries.
Supporting Company Transformation
Numerous discussions with the Company’s social partners have 
taken place to support the creation of global business services 
in Portugal, Airbus Protect in France, Germany and the UK as 
well as the creation of Airbus Aerostructures GmbH in Germany, 
on top of the social impacts in relation to the ramp-up. In Spain, 
the discussions started in 2021 about the consolidation of the 
industrial activities and the maintenance of workload in the 
Province of Cádiz in the CBC work centre were continued and 
concluded successfully. Also, during 2022, the space activities 
in Getafe were successfully integrated.
Supporting Employees
In 2022, the Company carried out constructive dialogue with 
its social partners to negotiate salary increase policies where 
relevant with its employee representatives committees or in the 
frame of collective bargaining negotiations. After having listened 
to the members of the SE-WC on 15 September 2022, and 
then having discussed further with the employee representatives 
who signed wage agreements, the Company decided to pay an 
exceptional premium to its employees (see “– 1.2.13 People”), 
independently of current or future salary negotiations.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 111:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
111Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Furthermore, the Company is committed to preparing for the 
future of employment and working conditions together with 
social partners:
In Spain, the Company continued with the social dialogue in 
order to carry out the commitments included in the VI CBA 
(Spanish Collective Bargaining Agreement) and to put in place 
relevant agreements, such us a new remote working policy or 
in order to share with social partners the strategic direction set 
out in the 2030 vision.
In France, thanks to a fruitful and established long-term 
social dialogue with employee representatives, the Company 
continued the major transformation project called Reload 
which started in 2021, aiming at simplifying, modernising and 
harmonising Company agreements related to compensation, 
benefits, grading, working time duration, health, safety and 
working conditions to make them more readable for its people 
and adapted to the Company’s challenges. This project also 
aims at integrating the evolution of the Metallurgic Branch 
Agreement which was signed in 2022. In particular an agreement 
about healthcare, death and disability was concluded with the 
signature of all unions.
In Germany, social dialogue mainly focussed on supporting the 
ramp-up activities, the works council elections and concluding 
the collective bargaining round, which was conducted by the 
employers´ associations of the metal and electrical industry in 
which the Company is a member.
In the UK, the Company reached an agreement with Unite for 
collective bargaining rights for employees in the “Advanced 
Professional” and “Level  V” grades for the Company’s 
commercial aircraft activities. This was supported in a ballot of 
all employees in these grades.
Enabling for Sustainability Plans
In 2022, in line with its sustainability ambition, the Company 
reached an agreement with its social partners about the inclusion 
of the accident frequency rate and CO2  in the remuneration of 
“Level IV” managers from the year 2022.
V. Outlook
In 2023, the Company aims to continue its dialogue with social 
partners, sharing its strategy, its organisational changes and 
preparing for its evolving ways of working, as was done in 
2022. Other key areas will be the continued ramp-up of its 
activities and the transformation projects which will be essential 
to the Company’s future success. Furthermore, it aims to 
continue discussions and cooperation with some national and 
international trade union federations.
1.2.13 People
I. Introduction
The Company’s people draw on each other’s expertise and 
experience and put all their passion and determination to 
pioneering sustainable aerospace. Human Resources is at the 
heart of the Company.
The current priorities of the Company’s Human Resources (“HR ”) 
function within its People Strategy are:
 – engaging, inclusive and high performing leadership;
 – skilled workforce and an agile learning organisation;
 – inclusive workplace and simplified ways of working.
As of 31 December 2022, the Company’s workforce amounted 
to 134,267 employees (compared to 126,495 employees in 2021), 
96% of which consisted of full-time employees. These statistics 
take into account consolidation effects and perimeter changes 
throughout 2022. Depending on country and hierarchy level, 
the average contractual working time is between 35 and 40 
hours per week.
2022 confirmed the strong aerospace industry recovery, 
enabling the Company to accomplish its recruitment plan with a 
particular focus on new skills, diversity and generational renewal. 
As part of this, the Company launched a new programme to 
welcome university graduates, the Airbus Global Graduate 
Program. The  faster-than-expected recovery of commercial 
aircraft activity and strategic programmes development in the 
two Divisions, resulted in the Company’s workforce increasing 
by more than 6% (8% commercial perimeter, 5% in Airbus 
Defense and Space Division and 3% in Airbus Helicopters 
Division). Following the workforce adaptations carried out in 
2020/2021, the number of leavers seen in 2022 is returning to 
pre COVID-19 levels, with an attrition rate of 5.0%.
The Company’s workforce is 88.6% based in Europe, across 
more than 100 sites. Concerning the nationality of its employees, 
35.0% are from France, 30.7% from Germany, 7.4% from the UK 
and 10.7% from Spain. The evolution of the Company’s global 
presence is seen in the increase of the workforce located outside 
Europe (11.4% in 2022 vs.  10.9% in 2021) and the increase of 
nationals from outside the Company’s home country nationals 
to 16.2% (vs. 15.1% in 2021), coming from 143 other countries.
Workforce by Business Segment,  
Geographical Areas
The breakdown of the Company’s employees by business 
segment and geographical areas, including the percentage of 
part-time employees, is available in “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 112:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
112 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
People GRI SASB SDGs Others
401 Employment
404 Training and 
Education
4, 5, 8, 12
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved Executive Committee
Related corporate policies Human Resources Airbus Company Policy
Key metrics (More in “– 1.2.17 
ESG Data Board”) 2021 2022
Total number of employees (1) 126,495 134,267
Breakdown applies to Total 
Number of Employees
Number of Classroom Training (2) 78,984 116,363
Number of Digital Training (2) 9 67,49 5 1,645,816
Total training hours (2) 1,164,243 1,786,274
Average training hours per 
employee(2) 10.8 15
(1)   The Company’s headcount reporting includes all consolidated companies worldwide. Figures are based on the active workforce, 
i.e. the number of permanent and short-term employees, irrespective of their individual working times, and having worked in the last 
30 days. The headcount is calculated according to the consolidation quota of the respective companies. The scope for HR structure 
reporting covers 100% of the Company’s total active workforce from consolidated companies.
(2)   Reporting period: from 1 Oct. to 30 Sep.
Additional resources
Code of Conduct , Airbus Global Workforce Forecast Book , Working at Airbus
Airbus International Framework Agreement , European Commission – Pact for Skills ,
Employer awards 2022 : Universum , Glassdoor , Top Employer Institute , Forbes
II. Governance
The Company’s workforce is managed by the HR function , 
guided by a set of HR policies and a strong labour structure. 
HR policies are discussed and agreed with social partners 
through continuous and regular meetings at global and local 
levels. The overarching HR policy is applicable to all employees 
and provides them with the description of the core values, 
mission, vision and top level initiatives for HR management, 
in accordance with Company’s Mid-Term Strategic Plan, and 
external requirements and is also aligned with the Company’s 
commitment to the IFA.
The Chief Human Resource Officer is a member of the Executive 
Committee. HR teams work together across Divisions and 
geographical boundaries to support regional activities and adapt 
to business needs.
III. Risk Management
Any identified risks related to  the workforce and its skills 
and development are recorded in the Company’s ERM and 
appropriate action plans agreed.
In addition, every two years the Company measures the 
perception of its employees on where the Company stands in 
terms of company culture and engagement through the “My 
Working Environment” survey. The participation rate for the last 
two surveys has been above 60%; the last survey was conducted 
in September 2021. Employees’ feedback provides valuable 
input to define an action plan on Company level, leveraging the 
Company’s cultural strengths to build on and directly address 
the concrete pain points to be improved. The company culture 
and engagement are regularly measured to keep track of the 
progress and adjust actions.
IV. Implementation/Activities
Strategic Workforce Planning
The Company’s strategic workforce planning, a multi-year 
workforce outlook, is performed annually within the various 
business functions in order to manage workforce related risks 
and opportunities in the context of the execution of the business 
strategy. There are two steps that enable strategic workforce 
planning:
 – a quantitative 2-5 year outlook based on workload scenarios;
 – qualitative business discussions performed as part of the 
resource review.
The qualitative part of the strategic workforce planning generates  
a set of actions related to the business strategy, competence 
strategy, demographic changes, employment strategy, 
knowledge management and global footprint. In addition to the 
management of workforce risks and opportunities, the strategic 
workforce planning results support discussions with social 
partners and external workforce suppliers.
People Development and Competence 
Assessment
The development of all employees is essential to deliver business 
success. The Company strives to provide an environment that 
offers opportunities and the means for continuous growth and 
development in line with its strategy.
A yearly process derives a short, mid- and long-term competence 
strategy out of the Company’s business strategy by:
 – anticipating the supply and demand of competencies;
 – identifying, securing and developing key competencies;
 – creating added value through synergies, networking and best 
practices.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 113:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
113Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Investments in training and learning are prioritised in relation to 
this competence strategy.
In addition, emerging long-term competence needs are analysed 
in order to identify any measures to be taken. For example, some 
non-existing competencies today might require the Company 
to partner with universities to ensure the supply of these in the 
future. In that respect, the Company currently collaborates 
with more than 200 universities and 15 strategic partners. In 
addition, the Company is actively participating in external forums 
on competence evolution, such as the World Economic Forum 
and European Commission (Pact for Skills – see section “Training 
and Mobility”).
In order to ensure quality time is dedicated to discuss employees’ 
development, the Company has, as part of its annual talent 
management cycle, implemented the systematic development 
talk for all employees (with their line managers). This talk is an 
exchange between the manager and employee that can take 
place as often as needed and at least once a year, with the 
intention to discuss the individual development plan of the 
employee and to align personal aspirations with the Company 
needs and expectations.
The Company provides employees with a portfolio of self-
awareness solutions and feedback tools that can be used to 
prepare for such a development talk and development plan. 
All agreed development items are formalised in the annual 
development plan by the employee which is then validated by 
the manager. These actions may consist of:
 – learning experiences – projects, missions or career mobility;
 – social learning – peer-to-peer development, coaching and 
mentoring;
 – formal training – courses, certifications and diplomas.
The competency assessment is a means to identify potential 
gaps in the expected skills and knowledge of employees linked to 
their current position, and can be used to identify the employee’s 
development needs. The assessment can be performed 
whenever necessary. It must be completed at least once every 
two years, or within the first month after a career mobility or a 
significant change to an existing job.
Training and Mobility
Accelerated during COVID-19 crisis, the digital learning strategy 
has allowed employees to remain active in their development 
during periods of remote working throughout 2022.
In addition, in 2022, to support the skills foundations and Top 
Company Objectives, the Company has defined and assigned 
compulsory learning plans directly to its employees, covering 
Ethics & Compliance, Export Control, Health and Safety, Product 
Safety, Cyber Security, Internal Controls, Diversity and Inclusion, 
Quality and Customer Centricity, Sustainability Awareness. 
This approach allows the Company to ensure that employees 
are well informed, trained and aware about those key topics 
related to major Company priorities. In 2022, 103,482 employees 
completed this compulsory learning plan.
From October 2021 to September 2022, the Company provided 
more than 1.7 million training hours to employees. In addition 
to the physical classroom and digital training, more than 
53,600 employees benefited from other leadership development 
and transformation solutions proposed by the Airbus Leadership 
University. The Leadership University continues to strengthen 
the Company’s approach to leadership, offering opportunities 
for all managers to drive their development, while accelerating 
the culture evolution and human transformation of the Company. 
It offers a range of leadership programmes which focus on 
developing self-awareness, leadership mindset, purposeful 
leadership and people leadership capabilities. One such 
programme that is currently offered is “Management Basics & 
Leadership Foundations (MBLF)” which is a refresher training 
available to all managers, allowing them to revisit and explore 
the most essential elements of managing and leading people 
in challenging times. As one of the main objectives is to drive 
collaboration and engagement in the context of a properly 
managed performance cycle, the aim is to increase team 
efficiency and effectiveness. Between 1 October 2021 and 
30 September 2022, 1,819 managers completed the MBLF 
training.
In addition to learning solutions and managerial opportunities 
for development, the Company has established career and 
development paths enabling employees to develop specific skills, 
competence and jobs, such as project & programme manager, 
architects & integrator and expert career paths.
The Company is also involved in the “Pact for Skills” initiative 
launched by the European Commission to address the up-skilling 
and reskilling challenge in Europe. It is working together with 
aerospace and defence industrial companies, public authorities, 
and education and training providers, to build common upskilling 
and reskilling programmes and explore ways of working together 
in skills partnerships.
Mobility of employees within the Company provides overall 
benefit and value. Mobility helps employees develop new skills 
and competences and serves the business by bringing new 
ideas and broader perspectives to teams, while ensuring the 
Company has the right skills in the right place to secure the 
future. In 2022, more than 11,400 employees have changed 
jobs through internal mobility.
Remuneration
The Company’s overall remuneration policy is in line with local 
practices and provides employees with a competitive overall 
compensation package. It is also an enabler to attract new talents 
and retain talented employees contributing to the Company’s 
business success. The Company strives to compensate its own 
employees with, at a minimum, a living wage covering their basic 
needs calculated in-line with best practice. A dedicated action 
was launched in 2022 to assess current alignment status.
For employees below manager level, collective labour 
agreements are applied in the Company’s home countries 
(France, Germany, UK and Spain). This includes wage levels 
and increases, supplementary grants and gratifications (e.g., end 
of year gratification). Starting at manager level, compensation 
of employees can contain a variable part. The percentage of 
such variable pay in total compensation increases at higher 
hierarchical levels.
In order to help face the energy crisis and inflation, the Company 
has decided to pay in 2022 an exceptional premium to its 
employees, including apprentices and temporary workers. 
Around 150,000 workers received this exceptional premium at 
the end of 2022.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 114:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
114 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Support for health care, unemployment insurance, national 
and Company pension systems as well as social security 
contributions are implemented, at least in compliance with 
national regulations.
Some benefits or specific worldwide schemes are implemented 
such as sharing the financial and operational success of the 
Company with the employees (international success sharing 
scheme deployed for around 115,000 employees in 2022) or 
developing the Company share ownership culture (Employee 
Share Ownership Plan – “ESOP”).
Employee Share Ownership Plan
The ESOP allows employees to participate in the success of the 
Company and to become shareholders of the Company every 
year. This plan is an investment opportunity to acquire a certain 
number of Company’ shares, which is open to the employees in 
more than 40 countries. Introduced in 2011, the ESOP scheme 
is a “share matching plan” in which the Company matches the 
number of shares bought by the employee according to set 
criteria. An eligible employee in the frame of ESOP 2022 is part of 
an entity which is at least 50% owned by the Company, and has 
been an employee between 31 December 2021 and 17 March 
2022. In 2022, more than 61,000 eligible employees seized the 
opportunity to subscribe. 2.12 million shares were distributed 
to employees through the plan ESOP 2022.
Other Benefits
Employees in the vast majority of countries all over Airbus can 
benefit from several measures allowing a better work-life balance, 
such as remote or hybrid (from home or else) working when this 
is compatible with the job position.
The Company has also set up “family friendly” measures such 
as childcare facilities accessible to employees in some sites or 
alternative subventioned kindergartens, in countries like France, 
Spain, Germany, Canada, Brazil, Chile and India. Parental 
leaves are granted at least in line with regulatory requirements. 
More than 60% of Company employees located in more than 
20 countries can benefit from maternity or paternity leaves that 
exceed local applicable regulations, in terms of period of leave 
and/or in terms of level of salary compensation during such leave.
V. Outlook
The Company created the People Strategy in 2020 to ensure 
“Our People,” the Company’s most valuable asset, are prepared 
to carry out the business strategy.
The three pillars of the People Strategy – Engaging Leadership , 
Agile Upskilling of our Workforce  and an Inclusive Workplace  – 
have guided the Company people-related activities over the 
course of 2022 and will remain paramount as the Company 
continues to attract, recruit and retain the key competencies and 
skills needed to support business ramp up and key programme 
launches.
Over the next two years the Company expects to pursue 
significant external hiring. Several thousand positions shall 
be filled in different functional and geographical areas of the 
Company to support the ramp up in commercial aviation 
and to prepare for the development of future programmes. A 
fifth of these recruitments will target the skills needed for the 
development of new programmes and new technologies.
In the meantime, the Company will continuously focus on people 
development to close the gap on critical skills needed and will 
invest into emerging skills development. The Company continues 
its journey towards becoming an agile learning organisation. 
Reskilling is a major part of the learning culture aimed at 
supporting critical ramp-up projects in the short term, and in 
the long term sustain ing  the acceleration of skills shift.
The employee experience is brought back to  the centre of the 
Company priorities. For the coming years, the Better Workplace 
programme is empowering the Company's employees to address 
and act upon the changes they aspire in every dimension of their 
workplace. In uncertain times and with tremendous challenges 
ahead, the Company aims at remaining one of the best places to 
work. Through its Better Workplace programme, the Company 
is working toward giving every employee the workplace they 
need, the tools they deserve and a culture they can celebrate.
In the challenging employment market, the Company will continue 
to invest in global attraction campaigns and to strengthen 
collaboration with the business to deliver on staffing needs.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 115:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
115Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Business Integrity GRI SASB SDGs Others
205 Anti Corruption Business Ethics 16
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved
Board of Directors / ECSC
Executive Committee
Related corporate policies 
and reference documents
Anti Corruption Policy, Responsible Lobbying Charter
Directives: see below, section III. Risk Management
Code of conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct
External standards taken  
into account IFBEC’s Global Principles of Business Ethics, FX Global Code
Key metrics 2021 2022
Number of employees per appointed Ethics & Compliance Representatives 372 360
Number of employees per appointed Export Control Point of Contact 236
% of employees who completed the E&C training objective (Reporting period: from 1 Jan. to 31 Dec.) 90% 96%
Number of E&C e-learning sessions taken by employees (Reporting period: from 1 Oct. to 30 Sep.) 284,774 290,178
Of which Export Control e-learning sessions delivered to employees (Reporting period: from 1 Oct. to 30 Sep.) 149,426
Number of privacy e-learning sessions delivered to employees  (Reporting period: from 1 Oct. to 30 Sep.) 9,327 3,181
Additional resources
Airbus Ethics & Compliance webpage, including CEO statement , Airbus Values Anti Corruption Policy ,  
Responsible Lobbying Charter , Airbus’ commitment on the protection of Personal Data , 
Code of Conduct , Supplier Code of Conduct , OpenLine , Compliance at Airbus
IFBEC website , Global Foreign Exchange Committee website
II. Governance
The Ethics & Compliance organisation is part of the Legal 
Department under the ultimate responsibility of the Company’s 
General Counsel. The aim is to provide strong governance 
throughout the Company with the global presence of qualified 
Compliance officers who ensure the Ethics & Compliance 
programme is implemented consistently in the different functional 
and operational areas.
The Company’s Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer, who reports 
to both the General Counsel and the ECSC of the Board of 
Directors, leads a dedicated team of Compliance professionals 
who are responsible for supporting and advising across the 
Company on compliance related topics, supporting the day-to-
day business, performing risk assessments, drafting policies, 
conducting third party due diligence, investigating compliance 
allegations, implementing tools and controls and delivering 
compliance training.
The ECSC also plays a key role in the oversight and continued 
development of the Company’s Ethics & Compliance programme, 
organisation and framework for the effective governance of 
Ethics & Compliance.
In addition to the dedicated Compliance professionals, 
the Company is coordinating a network of part-time Ethics & 
Compliance Representatives (“ECRs”), spanning all Divisions, 
functions, and regions. The number of ECRs slightly increased in 
2022, with a total of 373 ECRs at the end of 2022 (compared to 
340 at the end of 2021). Although the ECR network members are 
not compliance experts, they play an important role in promoting 
Exemplify Business Integrity
1.2.14 Business Integrity
I. Introduction
The Company’s Ethics & Compliance programme seeks to ensure 
that the Company’s business practices conform to applicable 
laws, regulations and ethical business principles, as well as 
reinforcing a culture of integrity and speak-up. In 2022, Ethics 
& Compliance continued to be a top priority for the Company. 
In its list of priorities for the year, the Company set the objective 
to Speak Up, Listen Up and act with integrity and respect.
The Company has worked over the past several years to develop 
an Ethics & Compliance programme that is structured around 
the following key risk areas: Business Ethics / Anti- Corruption 
Compliance, Export Compliance and Privacy. Each of these 
areas is, in turn, supported by dedicated compliance policies 
and a team responsible for their implementation, together with 
the identification and proposal of new measures to adapt to a 
constantly evolving regulatory landscape.
Improving the Ethics & Compliance programme remains a 
constant and ongoing process, in cooperation with other 
functions within the Company, in order to sustain and capitalise 
on its values.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 116:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
116 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
the Ethics & Compliance programme and culture and serve as 
points of contact for any employee who has questions about the 
Ethics & Compliance programme or wishes to raise an Ethics 
& Compliance concern, including but not limited to bribery or 
corruption. The Ethics & Compliance team animates the ECR 
network, providing continuous training and information to the 
ECRs.
In February 2022, the Company launched the Export Control 
Points of Contact (“ EPoCs”) network, spanning all Divisions, 
functions, and regions. Similar to ECRs, EPoCs are not 
export control experts but serve as “first line of defence” 
and the “go-to” individuals for export control matters. On 
the occasion of the launch, the Chief Ethics & Compliance 
Officer stated that “by raising awareness among employees 
and acting as local focal points for queries on Export Control-
related topics in their respective functions, EPoCs will be key 
contributors to the Company’s common objective: embed an 
export control compliance system and culture throughout 
Company’s businesses.” By the end of 2022, the network 
was established and active within the business, with a total 
of 570 EPOCs.
Likewise, the Personal Data Protection Officer (“ DPO”) relies on 
a team of privacy experts to guide, train and advise the business 
with respect to privacy requirements, and a network of Privacy 
Focal Points in the business functions and affiliates, to support 
the Airbus privacy programme.
III. Risk Management
The Company is required to comply with numerous laws and 
regulations in jurisdictions around the world where it conducts 
business. This includes countries perceived as presenting an 
increased risk of corruption.
Accordingly, the Company conducts a thorough bribery and 
corruption risk assessment across its two Divisions and different 
businesses annually. The results of this risk assessment 
are embedded and monitored within the Company’s ERM 
framework and highlight, among others, the risk of improper 
payments being made to or via third parties such as sales 
intermediaries, lobbyists and special advisors, suppliers, 
distributors and joint venture or offset partners. Further 
corruption risks include the use of sponsorships, donations, or 
political contributions to improperly benefit decision-makers, or 
the provision of excessive or overly frequent gifts and hospitality 
by Company employees.
In order to ensure its compliance with Export Control regulations 
and laws in the European Union, US and internationally, 
the Company continues to strengthen its Export Control 
compliance programme to ensure it is fit for purpose. Where 
risks are identified, they are embedded and monitored in the 
Company’s ERM. Identified risks include potential unauthorised 
access to export-controlled data and hardware by third parties 
and non-compliance with the ITAR .
Regarding privacy, the Company undertakes privacy impact 
assessments depending on the nature of the personal data 
processed or scale of the processing. In addition, risks relating to 
the protection of personal data are also assessed in the context 
of the ERM and kept updated.
Specific directives have been adopted to address the Company’s 
key compliance risk areas. These include among others:
 – Requirements for the Prevention of Corruption in the 
Engagement of Sales Intermediaries;
 – Requirements for the Prevention of Corruption in the 
Engagement of Lobbyists & Special Advisors;
 – Requirements for Gifts & Hospitality;
 – Requirements for Sponsorships, Donations and Corporate 
Memberships;
 – Requirements for Supplier Compliance Review;
 – Requirements for Preventing and Declaring Conflicts of 
Interest;
 – Requirements for the Prevention of Corruption related to 
Mergers & Acquisitions, Joint Ventures, Partnerships and 
similar Transactions;
 – Method for the Prevention of Corruption in the Context of 
International Cooperation & Offset Activities;
 – Requirements for Anti-Money Laundering  /  Know your 
Customer;
 – Guidelines for Competitive Intelligence Gathering Activities
 – Requirements for Export Control Sanctions, Embargoes and 
Screening;
 – Requirements for Export Control Framework;
 – Requirements for Export Control Escalation and Voluntary 
Disclosure;
 – Requirements for Export Control Brokering;
 – Requirements for Export Control Classification;
 – Requirements for Export Control Licences and Agreements;
 – Requirements for ITAR Part 130 Reporting;
 – Personal Data Protection Directive, Method and Binding 
Corporate Rules.
The Ethics & Compliance organisation is charged with oversight 
and monitoring of these directives to ensure that they are being 
implemented effectively. Periodic controls on key processes are 
performed and reports provided to the Company’s Executive 
Committee and the ECSC, including recommendations to 
strengthen the Ethics & Compliance programme where 
necessary.
In addition, the Corporate Audit & Forensic Department conducts 
periodic, independent audits of the Company’s compliance 
processes to assess the effectiveness of internal controls and 
procedures and allow the Company to develop action plans for 
strengthening such controls.
IV. Implementation/Activities
Awareness and Training
As part of their annual goals & objectives, all Company 
employees are required to undergo a minimum amount of 
compliance training via e-learning. Additionally, depending on 
the function, the country and the level of risk implied by their 
role, certain employees are selected to attend live classroom 
training as well, including on Anti Bribery & Corruption and Export 
Control. Attendance in such cases is mandatory, and managers 
have a responsibility to ensure that their team members do so. 
Exposed employees are also required to complete regular 
training refreshers.
From 1 October 2021 to 30 September 2022, the Company’s 
employees followed 290,178 Ethics & Compliance e-learning 
sessions, including on bribery, corruption and export control. 
Furthermore, 4,699 employees attended live classroom training 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 117:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
117Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
on different Ethics & Compliance topics over the period, the 
majority of which were delivered in virtual classroom settings 
due to the pandemic.
Likewise, the Company also delivered anti-bribery and corruption 
training towards higher risk third parties, including sales 
intermediaries, lobbyists and special advisors. In 2022, 100% 
of higher risk third parties were trained on Ethics & Compliance 
requirements and expectations.
The Company continued the roll out of the privacy e-learning as 
part of the Ethics & Compliance compulsory training catalogue. 
3,181 privacy training sessions were performed in 2022 (reporting 
period from 1 October 2021 to 30 September 2022).
Speak-Up Channel: OpenLine
The Company recognises that the Code of Conduct cannot 
address every challenging situations that may arise, and 
therefore encourages its employees to speak-up through various 
channels, including through OpenLine (available at https://www.
airbusopenline.com ). The OpenLine enables users to submit 
an alert securely and confidentially, and also to ask questions 
related to Ethics & Compliance.
The Company protects those who speak up and raise concerns 
appropriately and in good faith. The Company does not retaliate 
against anyone who raises a concern, or against those who 
assist in investigations of suspected violations.
In addition, the dataprotection@airbus.com mailbox is 
systematically published in the Company’s privacy policies 
and information notices specific to the various applications, to 
ensure that data subjects can exercise their rights and/or lodge 
complaints.
To further increase awareness about Speak-Up, in 2022, the 
Ethics & Compliance team conducted an analysis of the results 
from the Company’s internal survey “My Working Environment” 
to identify opportunities to continuously foster a Speak Up 
culture. This analysis led to the launch of additional initiatives 
throughout the Company to promote Speak-Up culture, including 
the development of a Speak-Up team talk in January 2022, 
which was shared with all managers to help them raise the 
importance of speaking-up with their teams. A simplified version 
of this “team talk” was designed and deployed within the shop 
floor community.
In 2022, the Company received a total of 847 investigative requests 
of which 524 were HR related. Cases requiring investigation are 
managed by dedicated members of the Ethics & Compliance 
team in accordance with an internal method for the conduct 
of Investigations. The Ethics & Compliance team provides 
regular updates to the pool of internal investigators, on internal 
policies, recent developments in the regulatory framework, and 
recurring reminders on investigation best practices to ensure 
the consistent deployment of compliance investigations across 
the entire Company.
847 investigative requests received in 2022
 
 
HR-related
investigative
requests
Compliance-related
investigative requests323
524
In some instances, the Company may engage outside counsel 
for support, depending on the nature of the investigation.
The Ethics, Compliance & Sustainability Committee and other 
relevant stakeholders (including relevant authorities, if applicable, 
and Company’s local management teams) are briefed regarding 
the progress and outcome of internal investigations on a regular 
basis.
Policies and Procedures
In 2022, the Company continued to improve its policies and 
procedures framework, by issuing a guidance on third parties 
categorisation, for example, and translating the Code of Conduct 
into seven additional languages to maximise the reach of this 
foundational document. All policies and guidelines are made 
available to employees on the Intranet, and classroom training 
is delivered to employees who are particularly exposed to the 
underlying risks as described above.
On the Export Control side, the Company has cascaded its 
Export Control requirements through nine Directives and 
Methods throughout the Company. The cascading triggered an 
update of the relevant business processes and was completed 
in Summer 2022.
In 2021 and 2022, as required under the Consent Agreement, 
two audits of the Company’s ITAR compliance programme were 
undertaken by external counsels. Please refer to “Notes to the 
IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 39: Litigation 
and Claims” (Investigation by the SFO, PNF, DoJ, DoS, Related 
Commercial Litigation).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 118:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
118 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Responsible Lobbying Charter
The Company is committed to ensuring that any lobbying 
activity is undertaken in compliance with all applicable laws 
and its anti-corruption programme. In 2021, the Company 
launched a Responsible Lobbying Charter aimed at anybody 
who engages with public officials in any capacity, including third 
party representatives retained by the Company. The Charter 
outlines the Company’s core principles for responsible lobbying 
and brings together the Company’s key codes and directives 
relevant to this topic. The principles are also reinforced by a 
training module available to all employees.
V. Outlook
An effective Ethics & Compliance programme is one that, by 
definition, continuously adapts to changes and improves over 
time. Going forward, the Company will continue to assess its 
risks and monitor and test the implementation of mitigation 
measures at all levels: corporate level, Divisions, regions and 
local entities.
When misconduct reveals a gap in compliance policies, 
procedures or tools, the Company undertakes revisions to 
its Ethics & Compliance programme commensurate with the 
wrongdoing and in light of lessons learned. While compliance 
at the Company will therefore always be a work in progress, the 
Company is committed to this endeavour, as it aims to make its 
Ethics & Compliance programme sustainable over time.
1.2.15 Responsible Supply Chain
I. Introduction
At the end of 2022, approximately 18,000 suppliers from more than 90 countries supply parts, components, systems and services 
to the Company.
     
   Commercial
Aircraft
€34bn 
 
 
Est.
€44bn 
total 2022
spent
Defence and Space
€6bn
Helicopters
€4bn
77%
9%
14%
In 2022, the Company’s external sourcing volume was estimated 
around € 44 billion and shared between Divisions with 77% for 
the Company’s commercial aircraft business, 14% for the Airbus 
Defence and Space Division and 9% for the Airbus Helicopters 
Division.
Of note, these figures may marginally change, as the data 
consolidation process was not finalised at the date of publication.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 119:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
119Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
RESPONSIBLE  
SUPPLY CHAIN GRI SASB SDGs Others
102-9 Supply Chain
204 Procurement Practices
308 Supplier Environmental Assessment
408 Child Labor
409 Forced or Compulsory Labor
414 Supplier Social Assessment
Materials Sourcing 4, 5, 8, 9, 12, 
13, 16, 17 Vigilance plan
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved
Board of Directors / ECSC
Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap Steering Committee
Related corporate policies Responsible Mineral Policy, Environmental Policy, Health and Safety Policy
Certifications ISO 14001 As Company’s commercial aircraft business and its two Divisions are certified, 
control and influence of the supply chain is concerned.
Company’s commitments 
to external standards and 
frameworks
Reference to certain international organisations standards or principles, in particular ILO have been 
included into the Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct
KPIs
2022 
Target 2021 2022 2022 vs 2021
Percentage of sourcing volume of suppliers invited to CDP
who have responded
75% 68% (1) 78% (6) +9p.p. 
Percentage of identified high risk suppliers (2) , who have undergone  
a sustainability assessment 100% (5) 95% 99.5% +4.5p.p.
Percentage of sourcing volume covered by supplier commitment  
to the Supplier Code of Conduct (4) 85% 79% (3) 86% (6) +7p.p.
Digitalisation of supplier substance data collection – supplier sites 290 (7) - 298 -
Other key metrics 2021 2022
Sustainability assessment: percentage of assessed suppliers
not meeting the Company’s sustainability expectations (=red flags)13% 16%
Percentage of action plans defined for suppliers not meeting the 
Company’s sustainability expectations 15% 31%
Percentage of responding suppliers to the CDP scoring A or B 53% (8) 66% (6)
Number of sustainability alerts 12 44
Assumptions
(1) Based on 2019 turnover.
(2)  Based on 2019 risky suppliers (see details further in § Risk Management/1. Supply base risk 
mapping).19 suppliers have since 2019 been removed from the scope (see details below).
(3)  Based on 2020 turnover.
(4) Subsidiaries excluded from the scope.
(5) 2021 target.
(6) Based on 2021 turnover for the Divisions and the entity in Canada
(7) Target defined for the Company’s commercial aircraft business. (8) Based on number of suppliers.
Additional resources
Supplier Code of Conduct , Environmental Policy Statement , Responsible Mineral Policy statement ,
Be an Airbus supplier on Airbus.com, Human Rights Policy, IFBEC , Responsible Minerals initiative , 
OECD Due Diligence Guidelines for Responsible Business Conduct
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 120:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
120 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
In 2022, the Company sourced 89% of its total purchased volume from countries in which it has significant operations, including 
France 34%, USA 23%, Germany 16%, United Kingdom 9%, Spain 4%, Canada 2% and China 1%.
 Company’s 2022 total spent regional split
While the Company’s products and services are sold all over the 
world, the majority of its supply chain is based in Europe and 
OECD countries. However, in the past few years, the supply chain 
has become concentrated and more international. In addition, 
and due to increasing consolidation within the aerospace and 
defence sector, larger work packages are being placed with a 
smaller number of lead suppliers.
The Company’s global sourcing footprint is represented as 
follows based on Tier one suppliers only.
To promote further globalisation of its sourcing footprint, the 
Company has established regional procurement offices in North 
America (Herndon, VA), India (Bangalore), Asia Pacific (Singapore) 
and China (Beijing). The regional procurement offices represent 
the Procurement function in the respective regions. They are 
responsible for strategic sourcing, general procurement and 
supplier development (procurement operations) while supporting 
the application of the Company’s procurement process and 
policy and digital solutions. As the Company’s commercial 
aircraft business and its two Divisions are certified ISO 14001, 
the Procurement function acts in adherence with ISO 14001 
requirements.
II. Governance
The Company’s sustainable supply chain ambition is built on 
four pillars: “lead the journey towards clean aerospace, respect 
human rights and foster inclusion, build our business on the 
foundation of safety and quality, exemplify business integrity”.
Derived from this ambition, the Company’s Sustainable Supply 
Chain Roadmap is based on a three-step approach; supplier 
commitment, supplier assessment, supplier engagement & 
development.
The Company strives to make environmental and social 
responsibility a core element of its procurement strategy. This 
includes managing the relationships with suppliers throughout 
the sourcing strategy, supplier selection, contract management 
and supplier monitoring and development. The Company’s 
suppliers must comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 
In addition, all business shall be conducted by suppliers in 
compliance with the principles of the Company’s Supplier 
Code of Conduct, which is the document of reference for the 
Company’s responsible supplier management. This Supplier 
Code of Conduct integrates the group-wide values and principles 
in line with internationally recognised standards and conventions 
(such as OECD and ILO).
In order to drive the Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap 
(“SSCR”), a monthly Steering Committee chaired by the Head 
of Sustainability & Environment, and the Head of Procurement 
Governance & Strategy and the representative of the Chief 
Procurement Officer of the Company is implemented. The 
Steering Committee includes Chief Procurement Officers of 
Airbus Helicopters and of Airbus Defence and Space, as well as 
the Head of Health & Safety, the Head of Product Safety and the 
Head of Ethics & Compliance, or their nominated representatives. 
The EVP Communication and Corporate Affairs and the Chief 
Procurement Officer of the Company act as sponsors of the 
SSCR. In addition, the Head of Procurement Governance and 
Strategy is part of the Procurement Leadership Team and is 
responsible for facilitating the communication on sustainability 
activities between the SSCR and the Procurement Leadership 
Team on a regular basis.
in Europe
in Asia  
in North 
America
in South 
America
in
Africa
in Middle
East
 in 
Oceania
6%
69%
<1%
<1%
<1%
<1%
24%
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 121:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
121Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
In 2022 the SSCR Steering Committee validated the annual 
planning and quarterly reviewed the progress of its SSCR  
implementation notably regarding the assessment of suppliers’ 
sustainability practices as well as the reinforcement of the 
engagement with suppliers. On top of those forums, the Chief 
Procurement Officer of the Company also reports to the ECSC 
on the progress of the Company’s responsible sourcing strategy 
implementation.
Concrete sustainability targets have been included in the 2022 
objectives of the Company’s Chief Procurement Officer (“ CPO”) 
and are directly linked to the CPO’s variable pay and cascaded 
through the Company’s Procurement organisations:
 – commitment by suppliers to Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct 
for 85% of the 2021 sourcing volume;
 – supplier sustainability assessments completed for 50% of the 
2021 sourcing volume;
 – response of suppliers to CDP assessment for 75% of the 2021 
sourcing volume.
All sustainability activities in the supply chain are based on the 
following key elements and principles of due diligence following 
the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business 
Conduct:
 – supply base risk mapping;
 – supplier engagement and contractual requirements;
 – supplier assessment/audits and development plans;
 – policies, tools and reporting.
For any anti-corruption topics in the supply chain, the 
Procurement function cooperates closely with the Legal & 
Compliance department. The Company has also engaged into 
a plan to further develop its due diligence mechanisms (see IV. 
Due Diligence in the supply chain).
Those priorities are consistent with the most material topics 
identified in the Company’s supply chain.
III. Risk Management
The Company’s procurement-related risks and opportunities 
are embedded into the Company’s ERM process. Risks and 
opportunities related to the deployment of the sustainability 
roadmap in the supply chain are managed according to the 
Procurement ERM plan and detailed hereafter.
1. Impact on the Company’s Reputation
Any industrial accident or other serious incident in the supply 
chain, or any problems of the supplier to fulfil its operational or 
product compliance may have a significant adverse effect on 
the reputation of the Company and its products and services. 
The Company’s reputation may also be affected by the public 
perception of social and/or environmental impacts of its supply 
chain’s industrial operations on local environments, communities, 
biodiversity and the general public’s health.
2.  Impact on the Local Environment
From the extraction of raw materials to the manufacturing of 
parts delivered to the Company, a supplier’s industrial operations 
may have significant adverse environmental impacts on the local 
environment where the activity is performed, with possible 
impacts on air, water, soil, biodiversity, workers’ occupational 
health and safety, on the health of the general public, on the land 
rights of the local or indigenous communities and on forced and 
child labour (see salient risks in section “– 1.2.10 Human Rights”).
3. Business Disruption Risk
In the event of a supplier failing to comply with environmental, 
human/labour rights, health and safety laws and regulations, 
even if caused by factors beyond its control, that failure may 
result in the levying of civil or criminal penalties and fines 
against the supplier. Regulatory authorities may require them 
to conduct investigations and undertake remedial activities, 
curtail operations or close installations or facilities temporarily 
to prevent imminent risks.
4. Risk of Product Non-Compliance
The various products manufactured and sold by suppliers must 
comply with applicable environmental, human/labour rights, 
health and safety laws and regulations, for example those covering 
substances and product composition. Even if a supplier seeks 
to ensure that its products meet the highest quality standards, 
increasingly stringent and complex laws and regulations, new 
scientific discoveries, delivery of defective products or the 
obligation to notify or provide regulatory authorities or others with 
required information (such as under the REACH regulation) may 
force it to adapt, redesign, redevelop, recertify and/or remove its 
products from the market. Seizures of defective products may 
be pronounced and could prevent delivery to the Company. In 
response, a Procurement Task Force has been established to 
ensure group-wide governance for supplier management and 
assessment of chemical regulations and obsolescence impact. 
This task force also coordinates communication to suppliers 
on substance issues and on substitution solutions qualified by 
the Company.
In this frame, the Company provided to its supply chain 
a dedicated Tool Kit on “REACH Substances  – Certain 
Requirements & Substitution programmes”. This t ool kit reminds 
the main principles of the REACH regulation as Authorisation, 
Restrictions and Substitutions programmes in order to raise the 
attention of the supply chain on these challenges.
In response to the above 1. to 4., the Company deploys 
responsible sourcing activities and specific supplier due diligence 
actions in the frame of the SSCR.
IV. Supply Chain Vigilance Plan
1. Due Diligence in the Supply Chain
In 2022 the Company launched a project aimed at reinforcing 
due diligence in its supply chain. The outcomes of the project 
will be rolled out in 2023. Activities under this project cover 
primarily the Company’s own suppliers; nonetheless, if an alert 
raised is linked to an upstream supplier, the Company will act 
on it as appropriate.
Alert and Grievance Mechanism
From 2019, the Company’s OpenLine has been accessible to 
external stakeholders, such as suppliers and their employees. 
For further information on OpenLine, see “– 1.2.14 Business 
Integrity”. Access to OpenLine has been reiterated in the revised 
Supplier Code of Conduct.
In addition to OpenLine, the Company’s sustainable supply chain 
team may receive alerts from other sources including through the 
supplier onboarding process, media or directly from employees. 
During 2022, the sustainable supply chain roadmap received 
alerts on 44 potential allegations relating to environmental and 
human rights concerns in its supply chain. The number of alerts 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 122:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
122 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
increased in 2022, following the inclusion in a more systematic 
manner of sustainability criteria into the screening (including 
human rights, environment, health and safety). Analysis and/
or investigations of those alerts are either complete or still in 
progress, according to best practice developed by the Legal 
and C ompliance team as detailed below:
 – initial review to determine if an investigation is needed;
 – detailed analysis of the allegation including collection of 
evidence;
 – assessment of information and documentation collected 
during the investigation, preparation of an investigation 
report which summarises the findings and proposes remedial 
actions necessary to reasonably respond to and prevent the 
recurrence of the conduct, if any;
 – closing the investigation and reporting;
 – monitoring of the implementation of remedial actions.
Supplier Risk Mapping
The supplier risk mapping is based on the alerts and grievance 
mechanisms detailed above, as well as the inherent risk 
mapping described below. It covers primarily tier-one suppliers; 
nonetheless if an alert raised is linked to a sub-tier supplier, 
the Company will include it in its risk mapping and act on it as 
appropriate.
Since 2018, the Procurement team has carried out annual 
proactive sustainability inherent risk mapping in line with 
international guidance, internal commodity expertise and 
externally available country indices. In 2021 and 2022, with 
the support of external advisors, the Company upgraded its 
inherent risk mapping methodology building on risk indexes 
considering the location and the type of activity performed by the 
suppliers. This allowed the delivery of an up-to-date suppliers’ 
sustainability risk assessment and to identify suppliers most at 
risk regarding human rights, environment and health and safety 
(e.g. association freedom, decent wages, pollution).
In 2022, the Company updated its inherent risk mapping to 
rank its active suppliers according to this methodology. The 
riskiest suppliers will be invited to undertake an evidence-based 
desktop sustainability assessment according to the programme 
developed in 2022 with IAEG (see the section Engagement and 
awareness hereafter) . Based on this assessment, a supplier 
not satisfying the Company’s sustainability expectations, which 
means not meeting a defined level of maturity for each category, 
will be classified as “red flag”, and will be requested to develop 
an improvement action plan.
Assessment – Evidence-based Desktop Assessments
The Company conducts two types of evidence-based desktop 
assessments: sustainability and carbon maturity. Since 2019, 
the Company has worked with external expert companies to 
conduct evidence-based desktop sustainability assessments 
and specific on-site assessments covering human rights, labour 
practices, health and safety and environment. At the end of 
2022, 99.5% of the suppliers identified as high risk according 
to the Company’s 2019 risk mapping methodology (in 2022, 
19 suppliers were removed from the list for reasons such as 
not doing business with the Company anymore, or being a 
distributor) completed an evidence-based desktop assessment 
compared to a target of 100%.
In addition to suppliers identified as high risk, the Company 
extended the coverage of the assessment to additional suppliers 
in order to progressively cover a more representative portion 
of its supply chain. At the end of the year 2022, 73% of the 
sourcing volume was covered. Out of the suppliers completing 
an assessment, 16% (118) have at least one red flag (mainly 
linked to the environmental criteria). Those red flags are mainly 
linked to the environmental category for which the Company 
is requesting details on processes in place at the suppliers 
for capturing and satisfying regulatory changes, as well as for 
a certified environmental management systems addressing, 
notably, management of chemicals and GHG emissions.
Since 2020, the Company has engaged in the supply chain 
programme of the CDP  in order to promote transparency about 
climate actions in the Company’s supply chain. See section 5. 
“CO2  emissions”.
Assessment – On-site Assessments
A particular situation triggered by a result of an evidence based 
desktop assessment, or by any sustainability alert, may lead 
the Company to request an on-site assessment at a particular 
supplier site. In 2022, the Company performed seven on-site 
assessments. The Company engaged with suppliers on findings 
in order to improve the situation, when relevant.
Engagement & Mitigation Measures
The Company engages directly with suppliers in a number of 
different circumstances:
 – if sustainability alerts have been reported linked to those 
suppliers;
 – if a supplier has been identified as risky in the frame of the 
risk mapping methodology;
 – if a supplier’s assessment results have raised concerns on 
one or more sustainability aspects.
The results of the completed assessments (including a 
sustainability or CDP assessment) are communicated during 
events with suppliers and engagement takes place with all 
suppliers presenting findings. In addition, the Company reviews 
its relationship with suppliers who refuse to participate in its 
assessment programme.
On top of the above-described engagement linked to due 
diligence and findings, the Company is also engaging with 
its supply chain as described in section 3. “Engagement and 
awareness” below.
2.  Traceability
Substances
See section III. “Risk management”.
End of 2021, the Company launched a project to digitise the way 
for the suppliers to provide substance in products information. 
The main objective is to improve traceability and transparency on 
substances in products from the supply chain related to regulatory 
requirements. It also aims at replacing the current process and 
allowing an automated way of sharing this information. The 
solution for supplier substance data collection project started 
in 2022, with a target for the Company’s commercial aircraft 
business of 290 suppliers’ sites to be deployed in the digital 
solution by year-end. At the end of 2022 this target was achieved.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 123:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
123Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Responsible Mineral Sourcing
The Company places great importance on the responsible 
sourcing of materials used in manufacturing. Some minerals 
including 3TG (tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold) are necessary 
for the proper functioning of components within its products. 
The Company largely does not directly import minerals, but 
these minerals are found in certain products the Company 
procures. In that context, the Company requires all suppliers 
to comply with applicable laws and regulations on conflict 
minerals, including any 3TG conflict minerals. In 2019, the 
Company released a Responsible Mineral Policy, which details 
its engagement to improve safety and human rights conditions in 
the mineral supply chains. As described in the section Work with 
External Stakeholders hereafter, the Company benefits from the 
Responsible Mineral Initiative ( “RMI”) experience and available 
audits , tools and standardised ways of working.
For the small portion of direct procurement of parts containing 
minerals in the Company’s Defence and Space Division, a 
dedicated Conflict Mineral Management System has been 
established. For this small portion of direct import, the Defence 
and Space Division is proactively asking suppliers to disclose 
proof of responsible sourcing and is cross-checking this 
data with third parties’ audits available through the RMI trade 
association. In 2022, the Company’s Defence and Space Division 
imported articles made of tungsten of the relevant Taric code 
above regulatory binding threshold; those articles are used as 
counterweight for aircraft. The Company’s Defence and Space 
Division forecasted this import and performed relevant due 
diligence for the unique supplier supplying the material involved. 
The supplier was informed that the Company’s Defence and 
Space Division is expecting responsible sourcing for the tungsten 
purchased under this contract. The supplier demonstrated 
that this material was exclusively originating from responsible 
sources.
This claim of responsible sourcing is based on third party audits 
of the smelters involved to deliver the products. The Company 
reviewed this claim and recognised that the audits were part of 
the RMI scheme and that smelters involved in the supply chain 
of the tungsten concerned metals conformed to RMI standards.
The Company is also monitoring developments from the 
European Commission on c ritical raw materials (CRM) and 
is investigating the possibilities to take a deeper look at its 
related supply chain, through direct involvement and/or trade 
associations. The Supplier Code of Conduct formally requires 
suppliers to establish a policy and a management system to 
ensure that critical raw materials are sourced responsibly.
3. Engagement and Awareness
Contractual Requirements
The Company’s standard procurement contract templates have 
evolved over the last few years to reinforce clauses relating to 
sustainability and environment which require suppliers to:
 – comply with all applicable laws and regulations dealing with 
labour and employment, health and safety, environment, anti-
corruption and bribery and personal data protection in relation 
to production, products and services;
 – provide information on substances used in manufacturing 
processes and contained in the product itself (covering both 
hazardous substances and conflict minerals);
 – provide information on environmental, health and safety 
matters such as safe usage and management of products 
across its lifecycle (including waste management);
 – implement an Environmental Management System based on 
ISO 14001 or equivalent;
 – comply with the Company’s anti-corruption and bribery 
requirements;
 – commit to apply and cascade in its supply chain the principles 
of the Company’s Supplier Code of Conduct, including with 
regard to environment, human rights, labour practices, 
responsible sourcing of minerals and anti-corruption;
 – comply with the Company’s sustainability requirements such 
as maturity assessment by an external expert company and 
completion of a questionnaire during the call-for-tender phase.
The Company’s contractual requirements enable assessment 
of levels of suppliers’ compliance.
Processes
In 2021, the SSCR Steering Committee agreed to anchor 
sustainability requirements into procurement processes of the 
Company. In 2022, the Company introduced sustainability in 
its supplier selection process. Sustainability is now one of the 
selection criteria in a call for tender. Suppliers are requested to 
fill in a sustainability questionnaire based on their governance 
and on the specific performance of the product or service 
the Company intends to source. The questionnaire notably 
requests information on certifications (e.g. environment, health 
and safety) and processes, as well as on resources used and 
on the impact of processes related to product manufacturing 
or service delivery.
This also includes the agreement from suppliers to regularly fulfil 
the evidence-based assessment on sustainability (see section 
Assessment above) and for the most important suppliers – based 
in part on annual spend with the Company – to be transparent on 
their climate change strategies (see section 5. “CO2  emissions” 
below). This will ultimately require suppliers to cooperate when 
a sustainability risk is identified, including with further analysis 
into the supplier’s supply chain (see paragraph Contractual 
requirements above).
Supplier Award and Dialogue
The Company is fostering suppliers’ engagement through direct 
dialogue and values the commitment, contribution and efforts of 
its supply chain to improve on sustainability topics.
In 2022, the Company launched the first Airbus Supplier 
Sustainability Council establishing a framework to step-up 
collaboration within its supply chain on sustainability and fostering 
a new model of engagement with suppliers. The target is to 
launch concrete improvement initiatives co-led by representatives 
of the Company and of members of the council. The council 
will focus on areas such as decarbonisation, transparency 
and engagement acting as key enablers to accelerate specific 
initiatives from industry bodies such as IAEG and to share best 
practices across the full supply base.
Sustainability is a standard agenda item in regular reviews 
or conferences with suppliers, including the Annual Supplier 
Conference for the Company’s commercial aircraft business, 
the Defence and Space Division supplier conference or the 
Suppliers’ councils. During these events, workshops take place 
to enable exchange on best practices and future collaboration.
The Company continues to give awards to its suppliers 
contributing positively to sustainability. In 2022, SABCA was 
awarded by the Company’s commercial aircraft business for 
its 5-year plan to cut CO2  emissions at its site by installing 
wind turbines, solar panels and optimising transportation of 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 124:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
124 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
its employees and logistic flows. For the second time, Hexcel 
Composite was also presented with an award for its sustainability 
efforts and its innovation in composite recycling during the 
Defence and Space Division Supplier Awards.
Training & Awareness
Trainings & Competences
The Company’s Procurement Academy defines jobs, 
competences, skills, and associated training to ensure 
procurement employees in all Divisions are ready to face current 
and future challenges. In 2022:
 – the Sustainability Fundamentals competence was added 
to all procurement jobs to ensure generic understanding of 
sustainability principles;
 – a new job “Procurement Sustainability Officer” was created for 
people in the organisation who are dedicated to sustainability 
in the supply chain;
 – a new competence “Sustainability Concern Management” 
was defined to develop the ability to identify situations where 
sustainability is at stake in all its dimensions (e.g. Human Rights, 
Environment, Health & Safety), as well as to define measures 
to comply with Company’s Supplier Code of Conduct. This 
competence is part of the Procurement Sustainability Officer 
job and will be added to buyer and Supply Chain Quality 
Management (SCQM) jobs when relevant.
To support people upskilling, on top of existing Company 
training courses on sustainability, the Company’s Procurement 
organisation developed an awareness of the contractual 
environmental clause with pilots in 2022, as well as a specific 
training on human rights with pilots in 2022. This awareness and 
human rights training will be deployed from 2023, giving priority 
to buyers and quality and supply chain managers in charge of 
risky suppliers.
Additionally, sustainability modules are embedded in 
Procurement’s newcomer induction path and Procurement 
Manager Development Programme (development programme 
for future leaders in the Procurement function ).
Communication
During 2022, the Company has continued to implement its 
communication plan to raise awareness on the different pillars 
of its sustainability ambition amongst its employees, suppliers, 
and customers. In particular:
 – awareness sessions have been carried out in relation to 
the initiatives of the supply chain roadmap: for instance 
accompanying the deployment of the new sustainability 
questionnaire in calls for tender, or developing the ability of 
procurement operation teams to identify sustainability issues 
when visiting suppliers on-site;
 – communication activities in 2022 spread the key messages 
about the importance of sustainability. Internally, for instance, 
there was a presentation of the SSCR progress during the 
procurement annual roadshow, and a SSCR “marketplace” 
during the annual sustainability town hall. Externally, the 
Company’s CPO participated in the IAEG sponsor meeting 
about supplier assessment and development, as well as the 
Bundesverband für Materialwirtschaft, Einkaufe & Logistik 
(“BME”) conference in Berlin;
 – the toolkit presenting sustainability in the supply chain, 
deployed in 2021, targeting internal and external population, 
is regularly updated;
 – different additional communication means are being used 
such as: posters, kakemonos, a dedicated intranet website, 
participation in internal events promoting sustainability 
initiatives.
Gemba walk
In 2019, the Company introduced Supplier Factory Visits called 
“the Gemba Walk” pocketbook, applicable to commercial 
aircraft activities, which is a practical and visual guide for 
the Company’s employees when visiting the shop floor of a 
supplier, supporting the identification and reporting of risks or 
improvement opportunities observed during factory visits.
Work With External Stakeholders
The Company is a founding member of IAEG, which is working 
on common aerospace industry standards and tools to manage 
environmental obligations. More specifically, for the supply chain, 
IAEG has developed:
 – a supply chain environmental survey, which the Company 
implemented in 2019 and which will be used as environmental 
assessment module, as mentioned in the section “Assessment” 
above;
 – an EMS implementation guideline to encourage a wider uptake 
of EMSs as appropriate for each supplier in a phased approach 
and cost effective, consistent and supportive manner;
 – the definition of an Environmental Qualification Program to 
assess and develop the environmental maturity of suppliers.
Under Company’s leadership, the IAEG (initially focused on 
environment) extended its scope of actions to environmental, 
social and governance topics. In 2022, and co-led by the 
Company, a contract has been established between IAEG and 
the selected service provider to build a sectoral approach for 
supplier engagement and 2023 will be the year of deployment.
As a co-founder of the International Forum on Business Ethical 
Conduct (“IFBEC”), the Company is supporting the application 
of global standards for business ethics and compliance. IFBEC 
members have established a Model Supplier Code of Conduct 
which expresses the minimum ethical standards to be applied 
by suppliers throughout the aerospace and defence industries. 
It also encourages suppliers to go beyond legal compliance, 
drawing upon internationally recognised standards in order to 
advance in social and environmental responsibility and business 
ethics.
All suppliers are now being asked to sign a confirmation of 
compliance with the principles of the latest version of the Supplier 
Code of Conduct (or to confirm their own practices are aligned 
with the principles set out in this Code), and to cascade these 
principles throughout their own supply chains. The Company is 
committed to support suppliers, where necessary, to improve 
their own human rights due diligence.
In 2019, the Company joined the Responsible Business Alliance’s 
RMI , in order to further enforce activities of responsible sourcing 
while applying industry standards for supplier due diligence and 
data management in accordance with the OECD framework. 
In 2022, it decided to extend its membership to the whole 
Responsible Business Alliance (“RBA”) initiative.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 125:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
125Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
4.  Other Initiatives
Promoting Disability-Friendly Companies
Since 2011, the Company has been promoting employment of 
disabled people by its suppliers starting with a particular focus 
on France. Disability-friendly companies often take part in the 
call for tender process either through direct offer or partnership. 
The procurement volume with disability-friendly companies has 
been multiplied by five over the decade going along with the 
development of the disability-friendly companies’ ecosystem.
In 2020 and 2021, the Company’s global volume of business 
was drastically reduced by the pandemic impacts. It has also 
resulted in a significant reduction of the volume with disability-
friendly companies. In 2022, the volume with disability-friendly 
companies is back to pre-pandemic levels: more than € 50 million 
of annual turnover which represents a 20% increase compared 
to 2021. Around 60 disability-friendly companies are working 
with the Company to date.
The Company’s ambition is now to reach € 100 million annual 
turnover with disability-friendly companies in 2025. The 
Company will continue to develop business with the disability-
friendly companies through direct contracting or partnerships, 
primarily in France and also in Spain and Germany. In addition, 
the Company is actively developing inclusion awareness. For 
instance, in October 2022, the Company organised a (Dis)
Ability forum in Toulouse with 45 disability friendly companies 
and 250 participants. The Company also decided in 2021 to 
be the sponsor of the Digital Consortium, created by the UNEA 
(Union Nationale des Entreprises Adaptées) and composed of 80 
French disability-friendly companies. The first contracts with this 
consortium were about to be signed at the time of publication 
of this report.
Plastic-Free Supply Chain
Based on the UN SDGs, specifically SDG 12 (responsible 
consumption and production), a plastic-free supply chain project 
was launched in 2019 within the Company’s Defence and Space 
Division with the aim of reducing, reusing and recycling single-
use plastic waste and packaging in the Division’s scope of 
involvement by 2025. The Division achieved a single-use plastic 
reduction of 24.5% in the logistics area at all sites in 2022 versus  
a 2020 baseline. This achievement has been possible through 
different actions: implementation of plastic-free packaging 
alternatives, improved plastic-reduced processes, introduction 
of the packaging clause in the Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct 
and in the Division’s contractual Environmental Annex, and an 
increased awareness on plastic consumption and waste among 
employees. The target is to progressively move to a more circular 
approach to the use of plastic.
5. CO2  emissions –see “– 1.2.2 Climate Change” / IV. Transition 
plan / Supplier engagement, “– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board”.
V. Outlook
The SSCR  is constantly evolving to actively endeavour to mitigate 
sustainability risks in the supply chain, adapt to progressing 
sustainability requirements and support the Company’s ambition 
to be more sustainable.
The SSCR is building up on its installed initiatives to deploy them. 
The SSCR is as well continuously enlarging its impact. In 2023, 
notably this includes:
 – reinforcing the risk identification and risk assessment of the 
Company’s supply chain due diligence plan with enlarged 
targets;
 – continuing to ensure the adherence of the Company’s Supplier 
Code of Conduct principles throughout the Company’s supply 
base;
 – extending the scope of supplier sustainability assessments 
by requesting new suppliers to perform such an assessment 
and by extending to existing contracts in order to reach 80% 
of the spend volume in 2025;
 – engaging with suppliers based on the assessment outcomes 
and developing action plans when required;
 – becoming a member of the RBA ;
 – for the calculation of the Scope 3 Purchased goods and 
services category, the Company has engaged in some work 
to launch a transition from a spend based methodology to a 
hybrid (i.e. spend based mixed with mass based) methodology. 
The target is to be able to start reporting on hybrid approach 
in 2024 on 2023 data; and
 – developing the collaboration within the supply chain in 
the frame of the Airbus Supplier Sustainability Council 
through concrete activities notably on decarbonisation and 
transparency ambitions and roadmaps .
To support people upskilling, on top of existing Company trainings 
on sustainability, the Company’s Procurement is developing an 
awareness on the contractual Environmental Clause with pilots 
in 2022 for a 2023 deployment, and a specific training on Human 
Rights with pilots in 2022 for a 2023 deployment.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 126:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
126 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.2.16 Community Impact
I. Introduction
The Company takes global collective action to support communities with a focus on the most vulnerable, the environment, and 
young people throughout the world where the Company operates. Products, services and employees are mobilised with focus on 
equitable and measurable solutions, in line with the Company Purpose.
Community Impact GRI SDGs
413 Local communities All 17 SDGs with a focus on 1,2,3,4,5,13, 14, 15 and 17
Highest governance body(ies) 
involved
Board of Directors / ECSC
Airbus Foundation Board of Directors
Airbus Foundation Endowment Fund Board of Directors
Related Corporate Reference 
Documents
A42 Community Impact Policy
A1133 Directive on Sponsorships, Corporate Donations & Corporate Membership
The bylaws of the Airbus Corporate Foundation and the Airbus Foundation Endowment Fund
Key metrics 2021 2022
Number of Sustainability Ambassadors 207 448
% of employees onboarded to the +impact platform 0 4%
Additional resources Community impact on Airbus.com , Airbus Foundation on Airbus.com, including its annual reports
II. Governance
The Sustainability – Develop & Engage department manages 
the global strategy and framework for community impact in the 
Company and supports the operations of the Airbus Foundation. 
A global network of community impact focal points representing 
the major markets where the Company operates has been 
established, as welI as a committee of specific topic experts who 
provide guidance, assessment and recommendations according 
to the Community impact priority themes.
Community Impact has been integrated into the business 
at policy, directive and operational levels with a formalised 
assessment and decision process now in place for corporate 
donation requests submitted by business lines. Awareness 
and adoption of the policy is supported by the Sustainability 
Networks, including the Sustainability Ambassador network 
which grew by 116% in 2022. In addition, there are standard 
reporting lines to the Sustainability & Environment organisation 
with top level oversight provided by the ECSC at the Company’s 
Board of Director level.
The Airbus Foundation and Airbus Foundation Endowment 
Funds are registered as non-profit entities of general interest 
under French law, with specific Articles of Association that 
define their respective mission and remit. Their strategy and 
operations are led by the managing d irector and each entity has 
formal governance with its own b oard of d irectors comprised 
of membership from across the founding companies, employee 
representatives and external experts. The Airbus Foundation 
and Airbus Foundation Endowment Fund annual reports and 
accounts are submitted annually to the French authorities.
III. Implementation/Activities
2022 focused on strengthening the Company’s collective 
approach to community impact, bringing together the various 
business, non-profit, and employee engagement channels 
under a collective mission with integrated processes and tools 
to support the deployment across the business. Having a 
consolidated, focused strategy proved vital during a year which 
saw a compound of societal challenges – communities continued 
to cope with or recover from the COVID-19 pandemic; climate 
related disasters; and conflict. All of which not only generated an 
immediate emergency response need, but also the longer-term 
impact on the global economy.
During 2022, as part of the development of the Airbus Community 
Impact policy, the Community Impact network implemented 
22 pilot projects across 15 countries to test the new strategy 
and inform the future impact measurement methodology. 
In November, the Company in cooperation with the Airbus 
Foundation, also launched the +impact digital platform globally 
across the Company, providing employees with a dedicated 
online space to learn about the new policy and partnerships, 
create and coordinate volunteering opportunities, fundraise, 
donate and take positive action on sustainability topics.
Supporting Vulnerable Communities
During 2022, the Company continued to focus on supporting 
vulnerable communities through disaster response, innovation or 
fundraising to tackle topics such as poverty, hunger and access 
to essential services.
In addition to the COVID-19 and Ukraine response, partnerships 
were developed in several regions to support vulnerable 
community needs. In Asia Pacific, the Company partnered with 
the Manila Water Foundation to install a clean water station in 
a school located in a remote province in the Philippines that 
previously lacked access to a safe water supply. In Latin America, 
the Company partnered with TECHO, a non-profit organisation 
that mobilises youth volunteers to fight extreme poverty, to 
construct transitional housing and implement social inclusion 
programmes. This partnership resulted in the construction of 
four homes for four vulnerable families in Santiago de Chile, 
Mexico City and Sao Paulo, with the participation of Company 
employees. These homes were built following full consultation 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 127:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
127Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
with the families and wider communities as well as assessment 
of the broader ecosystem to ensure that a network of support 
exists for the longer term.
Company employees  also worked together to show their 
support for vulnerable communities. In the US, employees from 
all divisions participated in the Make a Difference fundraising 
initiative in aid of World Central Kitchen. In Spain, a group of 
volunteers prepared humanitarian kits for the Spanish Red 
Cross; and across our sites, employees rallied to fundraise and 
collect goods for organisations supporting the immediate needs 
of Ukrainian refugees. For the second year running, the Airbus 
Foundation also participated in the Action Against Hunger global 
wellbeing challenge, Connected Against Hunger, with nearly 
1,800 Company employees  participants.
The Airbus Foundation continued to support its partners in 
disaster response by coordinating relief and goodwill flights 
carrying more than 138 tons of aid to Madagascar, Moldova, 
Poland, Pakistan, and Ethiopia. Aid transported included 
emergency shelter, medical and hygiene supplies, food and 
kitchen equipment. Additionally, 209 helicopter flight hours were 
chartered to Kenya, Madagascar, Philippines and the Democratic 
Republic of Congo to respond to flooding, malnutrition and 
displacement of populations. The Foundation also responded 
to 75 satellite imagery requests from partners representing 
around 21,700km 2  for disaster assessment and response plans, 
to monitor displacement and flooding, and plan medical activities 
in Yemen, Chad, Iraq and Sudan amongst others.
In Kenya, the ongoing project to install innovative water units in 
under-served locations reached a new level of maturity with the 
upgrade of four existing units and installation of three new units. 
To date, 8,350 students have been given access to safe water 
and educated on good hygiene practices. The communities 
around these seven schools in Mukuru are also benefiting from 
the safe drinking water.
In addition, bespoke satellite imagery training was provided 
to several humanitarian partners to increase their capacity in 
satellite imagery analysis and interpretation, as well as leadership 
training via the Airbus Leadership University. Via  its partner, the 
French Foundation of the Academy of Medicine, the Foundation 
helped deliver Helicopter Emergency Medical Services (HEMS). 
A total of 300 medical personnel in Thailand and Mexico were 
upskilled in emergency and disaster medicine techniques.
Supporting the Future Generation
It is crucial that the Company inspires and engages young people, 
particularly by playing an active role in fostering inclusion, diversity 
and community values at an early age. Across its Community 
Impact channels, the Company collectively reached over 23,000 
young people directly through mentorship, education initiatives 
and workshops during 2022.
Corporate partnerships and STEM outreach programmes 
focused on using the expertise and knowledge of Company 
employees to inspire interest in science, technology, engineering 
and mathematics (STEM) and engaged more than 8,700 
young people from underserved communities to develop their 
awareness and confidence to make decisions about their future 
education and career choices.
In the Asia Pacific region, five youth projects were developed in 
collaboration with partners including local and national ministries, 
non-profit organisations, and public sector structures. For 
example, in Indonesia, the Company worked with the Ministry 
of Education to reach 120 students from rural schools to run 
workshops with Company volunteers on STEM and STEM 
careers. In the Philippines, the Company partnered with 
MoveEd, an organisation which provides early childhood care 
and development programmes for children aged 3-6 years, to 
increase access to formal and informal education opportunities, 
also working with the families to raise awareness about the 
long-term value of education. In China, the FUTURE by the 
Company project partnered with the Civil Aviation Museum in 
Beijing to boost quality education access. Following a series of 
workshops hosted by Company’s volunteers, the Company and 
the museum established an education base in the museum for 
future cooperation.
The Airbus Foundation enriched its Airbus Foundation Discovery 
Space content with 19 new videos and booklets to practice 
experiments at home or in the classroom. The content explains 
some of the science behind aerospace, including sustainability 
and girls in science topics. The Foundation’s partnerships for 
its youth programmes span 17 locations in Europe, Africa, 
the Middle East, Asia, and the Americas. Working with local 
partners, each programme was built on specific local needs. 
During 2022, over 250 Company volunteers participated, and the 
programmes directly reached around 9,000 young students, with 
a specific attention given to gender balance and underserved 
communities, also including a pilot project for children living in a 
refugee camp. The fourth edition of the Moon Camp Challenge 
built on the success of prior years with 2,597 projects submitted 
from 53 countries by over 5,600 students supported by nearly 
600 teachers.
Protecting the Future of Our Planet
During 2022, the community impact pilot projects focused 
primarily on employee awareness and action to preserve and 
restore local biodiversity. For example, in the UK and India, 
the Company partnered with local non-profit organisations to 
restore three water bodies which had fallen into disrepair and 
neglect. In India, educational sessions were also carried out 
with surrounding communities to increase awareness about 
the ecological importance of the water bodies, avoiding using 
them to dispose of waste, and engaging the communities in the 
longer-term maintenance and protection.
Through an innovation project driven by employee volunteers, 
the Company cooperated with two universities (Toulouse and 
Colombia) and a local non-profit organisation to bring renewable 
energy to off-grid households in Peru and Colombia. Situated 
in the highlands of Peru, one of the affected communities 
includes 40 households, nine of which lack access to electricity. 
The Company supported the placement of two students 
who dedicated their first month to build two domestic wind 
turbines and install them for two households plus complete the 
associated knowledge transfer to enable the families to maintain 
them. One of the families makes and sells bread to surrounding 
communities – thanks to the wind turbine, they are able to 
increase their production as well as reduce their expenditure on 
expensive batteries and generator fuel. In Colombia, a third wind 
turbine was installed for a rural school with around 30 children. 
The school now has a stable and clean source of electricity and 
has been connected to the internet which is enabling access 
to quality education materials as well as refrigeration to store 
food for the children.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 128:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
128 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The Airbus Foundation continued to develop its environment 
partnerships, focusing on climate change mitigation and 
monitoring, climate change adaptation and disaster prevention 
and protecting biodiversity. This included continuing the 
collaboration with Connected Conservation Foundation to 
support the preservation of wildlife and natural ecosystems in 
South Africa and Kenya through the use of satellite imagery. The 
Airbus Foundation also completed the first phase of its three-year 
project with IUCN, providing technical data, satellite images and 
project management to contribute to the validation of IUCN’s 
forest restoration barometer. Project objectives are to assess 
tree canopy changes over a temporal range, characterisation 
of tree canopy changes and assessment of the sufficiency of 
restoration activity.
IV. Outlook
In addition to enhancing the methods to capture and measure 
impact, the Company intends to study and progress on 
opportunities for integrating community impact into business 
operations. One example is social procurement where companies 
can use their purchasing power to create sustainable social value 
through procuring from social benefit suppliers.
The Airbus Foundation is currently reviewing its global portfolio 
of activities for improvement and development. Near-term plans 
involve developing the product portfolio to be offered to partners, 
initiating Youth programmes in 10 additional locations, including 
Tunisia and Morocco, and formalising a new environmental 
partnership.
1.2.17 ESG Data Board
Environmental Performance
GRI KPI Unit 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018
Energy
Total energy consumption (excl. electricity 
generated by CHP on site for own use) GWh 3,717 3,762 3,815 4,624 4,679
Energy intensity (per Total Revenues) GWh/bEUR 62.4 71.2 75.8 64.3 -
Energy consumption from stationary sources 
and electricity GWh 2,594 2,717 2,672 2,987 3,062
Energy consumption from stationary  
sources GWh 1,190 1,351 1,274 1,391 1,403
natural gas GWh 1,108 1,307 1,235 1,347 1,366
of which bio-methane GWh 23 11 0 0 0
heat generated from biomass GWh 37 25 24 27 17
other fuels GWh 44 19 16 17 20
Energy consumption from electricity,  
heat and steam GWh 1,404 1,366 1,397 1,595 1,659
purchased electricity (incl. renewable  
or low carbon sources from grid) GWh 1,280 1,232 1,274 1,460 1,472
EN3 of which purchased electricity  
with REC/GoO* GWh 534 416 251 163 0
EN4 purchased electricity from renewable 
sources PPA* GWh 0.1 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
self-generated electricity from renewable 
sources GWh 1.2 0.8 0.9 0.2 0.2
percentage renewable electricity % 41.8% 33.8% 19.8% 11.2% 0.0%
heat and steam GWh 123 133 123 135 187
Energy consumption from mobile  
sources GWh 1,123 1,045 1,144 1,638 1,617
kerosene GWh 711 681 711 1,061 1,068
of which sustainable aviation fuel GWh 22 4 1 0 0
of which used in Beluga Transport GWh 330 298 290 421 413
of which used in flight test GWh 381 382 421 640 654
road & maritime fuel used in Oversize 
Surface Transportation GWh 365 335 405 540 509
Energy consumption from renewable  
or low-carbon sources GWh 619 456 277 191 18
Percentage energy from renewable  
or low-carbon sources % 16.6% 12.1% 7.3% 4.1% 0.4%
 : 2022 data verified by EY®, based on limited assurance.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 129:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
129Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
GRI KPI Unit 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018
Air 
emissions
Total Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO 2  emissions 
(location based) ktons CO 2 e 857 889 935 1,139 1,163
Total Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO 2  emissions 
“market-based” (location based net of REC)* ktons CO 2 e 762 809 880 1,104 1,162
EN15 Scope 1&2 GHG intensity  
(per Total Revenues) gCO2e/EUR 14.4 16.8 18.6 15.8 -
Scope 1 & 2 EN16 Total Scope 1 GHG emissions  (1)  ktons CO 2 e 555 570 585 744 739
EN18 of which from flight test ktons CO 2 e 98 99 108 165 169
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions – location 
based ktons CO 2 e 302 319 350 395 424
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions – “market-
based” (location based net of REC) ktons CO 2 e 207 240 295 360 424
Indirect GHG emissions – Category 11 –  
Use of Sold Products:*
Commercial aircraft IEA-SDS SAF  
uptake* ktons CO 2 e 425,454 400,611 383,266 650,366 623,215
GHG efficiency for delivered commercial 
aircraft (as per SBTi-validated target)* 
gCO 2 /pax.
km 64.4 66.3 67.7 72.2 75.9
Scope 3 EN17 Commercial aircraft –  
(“no SAF” scenario)* ktons CO2e 494,893 458,738 432,245 723,110 683,774
EN18 GHG efficiency for delivered commercial 
aircraft (“no SAF” scenario)* 
gCO 2 /pax.
km 74.9 75.9 76.4 80.3 83.3
Other products* ktons CO 2 e 10,703 9,343 NA NA NA
Indirect GHG emissions – Category 1 – 
Purchased Goods and Services* ktons CO 2 e NA 8,439 9,940 NA NA
Indirect GHG emissions – Category 6 – 
Business Travel* ktons CO 2 e 47 17 22 109 112
VOC EN20 Total VOC emissions* tons 1,120 1,042 1,048 1,462 1,518
SO x Total SO x  emissions tons 16 14 13 14 15
NO x Total NO x  emissions tons 207 226 210 234 217
Other 
Information
Internal Carbon Pricing EUR/ton 150 150 30 30 -
CDP Rating (based on previous year 
disclosure) Score A- A- A- B -
Water
Total water withdrawal (note: formerly reported 
as “consumption”) m3 3,672,217 3,345,261 3,681,009 4,529,665 4,186,553
of which percentage purchased % 79% 79% 78% 80% 79%
EN8 of which percentage from surface water 
sources and collected rainwater % 4% 5% 5% 4% 5%
of which percentage from ground water 
sources % 16% 16% 17% 15% 16%
of which percentage from all areas  
with high water stress* % 30% 34% 34% 35% 33%
EN22 Total water discharge m3 2,956,333 2,8 87,4 42 3,0 97,733 3,728,505 3,335,213
Waste
Total waste production, excluding exceptional 
waste tons 73,751 71,152 74,898 99,042 100,389
EN23 of which percentage hazardous waste* % 25% 26% 29% 27% 28%
Material recovery rate* % 60% 55% 51% 54% 57%
Energy recovery rate % 16% 20% 21% 21% 20%
Landfill and incineration without energy 
recovery rate % 23% 25% 28% 25% 23%
EMS 
certification
Percentage of operations with ISO 14001 /  
EMAS certification  (in % workforce) % 88% 88% 88% 87%
Percentage of operations covered by reporting 
(in % workforce) % 92% 92% 92% 92%
 : 2022 data verified by EY®, based on limited assurance.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 130:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
130 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Scope of reporting: Reported data covers  84 sites. Company’s 
environmental reporting guidelines include sites worldwide with 
a workforce on-site higher or equal to 100 employees. Note that 
only 100% consolidated entities are taken into account with the 
exception of ATR and Tianjin operations. 2018-2021 figures were 
refined to rectify actuals for some entities.
2021 restatements: some 2021 figures were restated to reflect 
changes in reporting perimeter and to integrate information 
received post-closing 2021.
* Methodology and assumptions:
Energy – Purchased electricity from renewable sources:  
Power Purchase Agreements (“ PPA”) – it is a contract under 
which a legal entity agrees to purchase renewable electricity 
directly from an electricity producer. For the Company this means 
purchase of electricity from predefined renewable production 
facilities and/or purchase of electricity from renewable electricity 
generation facilities that can be built near to a Company site and 
that is connected to the site via and the direct wire.
Energy – Purchased electricity from renewable sources REC/
GoO: Renewable Electricity Certificates (“ REC”) or Guarantees 
of Origin (“ GoO”) – is an energy certificate representing 1MWh 
which has the sole function of providing evidence to a final 
customer that a given share or quantity of energy was produced 
from renewable sources. For the Company, this represents 
the electricity bought from the grid with energy certificates 
evidencing that a given share or quantity of energy was produced 
from renewable sources.
Air Emissions – Scope 1 & 2 – SAF emissions were computed 
according to the formula set by the ICAO.
Air Emissions – Scope 1 & 2 – “market-based” (location 
based net of REC): location based with purchased guarantees 
of origin deduced. The Company is working towards improving 
data collection and market-based methodology implementation. 
Meanwhile, this metric is used by the Company to measure its 
progress towards its 2030 target, in order to be able to take into 
account the contribution of its electricity sourcing on its industrial 
decarbonisation target. However, this refining of methodology is 
expected to trigger restatements in the coming years, including 
of the 2015 baseline.
Air Emissions – Scope 3 – Use of sold products . The main 
contribution of the Company’s value chain on climate change 
comes from the use of sold products, especially related to its 
commercial aircraft activities. In order to provide the level of 
transparency, the Company reports in-use emissions of the 
products it delivers (Scope 3 – Use of sold products). This started 
in 2020 with the disclosure of emissions from commercial aircraft 
products, and was extended to other products in 2021, namely 
civil helicopters initially and further complemented by military 
aircraft and helicopters in 2022. The Company will continue to 
progressively extend the scope of reporting to other families 
of products, for which the calculation methodologies are still 
under development. Nevertheless, current results and advanced 
estimations have shown that the vast majority (over 90%) of 
the Scope 3 – Use of Sold Product impact of the Company’s 
products is due to the commercial aircraft family of products, 
and that this situation is unlikely to change once all the product 
families will have been assessed.
Additional methodology information:
 – the Company’s emission calculation methodology was 
developed by a team consisting of key personnel from 
the engineering and environment departments and is aligned 
with the guidance provided by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. 
The external auditor performed a review of the calculation 
methodology applied by the Company and assessed the 
reasonableness of the supporting assumptions;
 – the Company has used a number of assumptions based on 
internal and external information including assumptions based 
on publicly-available data.
 – For all products:
 — the estimation includes CO 2  emissions only. Emissions 
related to CH4 and N2O were excluded given the very low 
levels produced by modern aircraft engines. Emissions 
related to NOx  were estimated and excluded given the 
uncertainty related to the NO x  emission factors and the 
relatively low contribution of this emission stream,
 — CO 2  emission factors for kerosene are the ICAO 
internationally recognised lifecycle emission factor to be 
used for baseline fossil jet fuels (3.846kg CO2 e per kg of 
fuel for fossil Jet-A / Jet-A1). This factor represents a “well 
to wake” life cycle analysis to assess the overall GHG 
impacts of a fuel including each stage of its production 
and use.
 – For commercial aircraft:  assumptions include the aircraft 
load factor, aircraft operational usage and average in-service 
lifetime. Primary data collected within the Company was 
also used, such as aircraft performance and configuration 
parameters. Emissions related to commercial aircraft engine 
start and taxing have been included, however, emissions 
from the APU and ground handling equipment have been 
excluded. For the purpose of this calculation, the Company 
integrated into commercial aircraft Scope  3 the likely 
usage of SAF over the product lifetime, as per the IEA-
SDS assumptions. Other operating conditions of the aircraft 
were considered to be static over the whole service life. In 
addition, the Company reports for reference an indicative 
figure based on a zero SAF usage. A330-200 deliveries 
destined to A330-MRTT conversion were excluded from the 
commercial aircraft perimeter and included in the military 
aircraft perimeter as part of the “other products” category.
 – For other products:
 — Helicopters: assumptions include activity data from 
Company’s customer services of helicopter operations 
such as flight hours per year and region where the helicopter 
is operated. Direct emissions and indirect emissions from 
jet fuel production are included over the product’s entire 
service life. Impact of SAF is not considered,
 — Military aircraft: flight hours and mission profiles vary 
significantly depending on conflicts and humanitarian 
crises. The estimation assumes the largest number of flight 
hours each aircraft has been designed for in its lifetime. 
Impact of SAF is not considered.
Air Emissions  – Scope  3 GHG efficiency for delivered 
commercial aircraft (as per SBTi-validated target) . In 2022, 
the Company updated the definition and methodology of its 
efficiency metrics in order to align with the SBTi methodology 
and leading to a restatement of past years. Namely, the evolution 
can be explained by changes in the following two assumptions: 
the integration in the emissions related to the upstream fuel 
production and the consideration of the likely usage of SAF over 
the product lifetime, as per the IEA-SDS assumption.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 131:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
131Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Air Emissions – Scope 3 Purchased Goods and Services.  
This evaluation was performed using a dedicated tool developed 
by the International Aerospace Environmental Group (IAEG) 
offering a choice between two approaches: a “spend based” 
approach, allocating emissions to each amount spent in specific 
commodities and a “mass based” approach, allocating emissions 
to quantities of materials purchased. For this first evaluation, the 
Company has used the “spend based” approach. While this 
method embeds a certain degree of uncertainty, considered 
high by the IAEG on a certain number of emissions factors used 
in the methodology, it provides a relevant view of the sources 
of GHG emissions in the Company’s supply chain and enables 
comparison of the various Company’s scopes throughout its 
value chain. The calculation will be refined in future years as 
better quality data becomes available. In 2022, the Company 
improved the accuracy of some spent-based assumptions 
leading to a restatement of 2020 figures. In addition, the use 
average emission factors decreased from 6% of spent in 2020 
to 2.5% in 2021 thanks to refined data allocation. Adjustments 
can be expected in future disclosures as the Company intends to 
further refine its computation, especially integrating mass-based 
information as data becomes available.
Air Emissions – Scope 3 Indirect GHG emissions Business 
Travel: Worldwide air travels of Europe-based employees.
Air Emissions – VOC: 2022 VOC emissions data is estimated. 
2022 actuals will be consolidated in April 2023.
Water – Areas with high water stress: areas identified with 
high or extremely high water stress. Water stress level as defined 
per the Aqueduct Water
Risk Atlas (medium scenario for 2030).
Waste – Hazardous waste: waste displays one or more of 
the hazardous properties listed: “Explosive”; “Oxidising”; 
“Highly flammable”; “Flammable”; “Irritant”; “Harmful”; “Toxic”; 
“Carcinogenic”; “Corrosive”; “Infectious”; “Toxic for reproduction”; 
“Mutagenic”; “Sensitizing”; “Ecotoxic”, “Pressurised gas”.
Waste – Material recovery: any operation wherein products, 
components of products, or materials that have become waste 
are prepared to fulfil a purpose in place of new products, 
components, or materials that would otherwise have been used 
for that purpose. 2022 material and energy recovery rates will 
be refined when final waste treatment information of year-end 
waste – representing about 9.5% of total – will be provided by 
waste collector companies. Meanwhile, unavailable information 
was estimated using 2022 actual breakdown ratios of the 90.5% 
available data.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 132:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
132 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Social Performance
WORKFORCE
2022 2021 2020 2019
Total number of employees 134,267 126,495 131,349 134,931
By business segment 
Commercial aircraft activities 79,134 73,560 78,487 80,985
Airbus Helicopters 20,803 20,126 20,026 20,024
Airbus Defence and Space 34,330 32,809 32,836 33,922
% Part time employees 3.99% 4.34 4.36 4.43
By contract type
Unlimited 131,307 122,950 128,151 130,591
Limited contract > 3 months 2,960 3,156 3,198 4,340
By geographic area 
France 48,238 45,931 48,231 49,143
Germany 44,898 42,972 45,568 45,638
Spain 12,899 11,881 11,828 12,637
UK 9,858 9,368 9,846 11,109
US 3,751 3,150 2,980 3,151
Canada 4,287 3,788 3,634 3,668
China 762 698 613 653
Other countries 9,574 8,707 8,649 8,932
% of active workforce employees located in Europe 88.6% 89.1
By nationality in % *
French 35.0% 35.4
German 30.7% 31.5
Spanish 10.7% 10.3
British 7.4% 7.7
From other countries 16.2% 15.1
Total number of nationalities 147 138
By age 
< 30 years old 13,171 11,120 12,135 13,862
30-50 years old 83,964 79,985 81,709 82,552
> 50 years old 37,132 35,390 37,50 5 38,517
Newcomers 13,946 5,655 5,463 11,270
Core Divisions 8,231 2,817 2,413 6,643
Subsidiaries 5,715 2,838 3,050 4,627
Leavers (incl. partial retirement) 6,428 9,394 7,79 6 5,842
Core Divisions 3,365 5,632 4,675 2,902
Subsidiaries 3,063 3,762 3,121 2,940
Attrition Rate
Core Divisions 3.8% 5.9% 4.6% 2.9%
Subsidiaries 7.8% 12.2% 9.4% 8.4%
Total 5.0% 7.4% 5.8% 4.3%
: 2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 133:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
133Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
GENDER DIVERSITY
2022 2021 2020
% Women in total active workforce 20% 19% 18%
Per category
Board of Directors 33% 25% 25%
Executive Committee 25% 25% 16%
Senior mgmt – Executives 16% 14% 13%
“Level IV” managers 17% 16% 14%
Newcomers 27% 22% 26%
By geographic area
France 21.4% 21.2% 20.5%
Germany 16.2% 16.4% 15.3%
Spain 24.0% 22.7% 22.3%
UK 14.0% 12.9% 13.5%
US 22.5% 22.4% 22.4%
Other countries 22.4% 21.0% 20.9%
: 2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT
2022 2021 2020
Number of classroom training 116,363 78,984 78,443
Number of digital training 1645816 9 67,49 5 752,702
Total training hours 1.7mn 1.2mn 1million
Average training hours per employee 15 11 11
for women 14 9 8
for men 16 11 10
for production employees 19 15 14
for non-production employees 14 10 8
Internal mobilities 11,460 >10,400 >7 ,000
: 2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
LABOUR RELATIONS
2022 2021 2020
Number of meetings with SE-WC 7 12 8
Workforce covered by collective
bargaining agreements ~80% ~ 8 0%
Note:  figures are based on the active workforce, i.e.  the number of permanent and short-term employees, irrespective of their individual working times, and having worked in the last 
30 days. The headcount is calculated according to the consolidation quota of the respective companies. The scope for HR structure reporting covers 100% of the Company’s 
total active workforce from consolidated companies. Workforce and breakdowns metrics are figures at year-end. Other metrics cover civil year periods, except for training 
related metrics with reporting periods going from 1 October to 30 September.
: 2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 134:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
134 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
PRODUCT SAFETY
2022 2021 2020 2019
Fatal accident rate industry-wide Gen4 0.05 0.03 0.04 0.05
% SMS officers nominated 100% 100% 100% -
% SMS officers trained 100% 100% 92% -
:  2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
CYBER SECURITY
2022 2021 2020 2019
Number of data breaches reported to data authorities 0 1 1 -
Percentage involving confidential information - 100% 100% -
Cyber security awareness training e-learning participation 107 ,808 67,475 10,328 -
Corporate & IM Cyber Security headcount 437 290 216.5 -
HEALTH & SAFETY
2022 2021 2020 2019
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate – excl. Airbus Atlantic and Airbus 
Aerostructures entities 1.60 3.21 3.81 5.58
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate – incl. Airbus Atlantic and Airbus 
Aerostructures entities 2.23 3.29
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate – commercial aircraft business 2.25 4.31 5.12 -
Near-miss – commercial aircraft business 28,925 19,305 - -
Severity rate (FISH scope) 0.046 - - -
Health & Safety training hours delivered 286,815 128,795 103,070 148,000
Number of employees who received Health & Safety training 90,490 28,144 37,599 20,900
Number of employees having attended “EH&S Certificate” modules 1 & 2 2,214 1,309 418 -
Core entities with ISO 45001 or similar certification ~one third ~one third - -
% of the company-wide workforce covered 25% 25% - -
For definitions, see “– 1.2.9 Health and safety”.
: 2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
HUMAN RIGHTS
2022 2021 2020 2019
% of investigations completed or in progress – following reports of concerns 
linked to human rights, including forced and child labour and other labour rights.100% 100% 100% -
% of sites having undertaken a social assessment – % of the Company’s  
with over 100 employees, cumulative since 2020, undergoing a social 
assessment including human and labour rights.
29
10 6 -
% of findings closed within 18-months ( following social assessments including 
human and labour rights, carried out on the Company’s sites ) 100% 100% 100% -
Number of participants to human rights trainings ( Cumulative number  
of participants who have completed e-learning modules on human rights  
and modern slavery; reporting period: 1 Oct.-30 Sep. ) 
6,955
5,789 4,943 -
Number of alerts of human rights concerns (including forced labour and labour 
rights (received via  OpenLine and other means) from internal sources  
or through the Company’s supply chain)
28
4 5 -
: 2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 135:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
135Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
BUSINESS INTEGRITY
2022 2021 2020 2019
Number of employees per appointed Ethics & Compliance Representatives 360 372 390 -
Number of employees per appointed Export Control Point of Contact 236 - - -
% of employees (non-Exec) who have completed the E&C training objective 96% 90% 80% -
Number of E&C e-learning sessions delivered to employees 290,178 284,774 309,682 -
Number of privacy e-learning sessions delivered to employees  
(Reporting period: from 1 Oct. to 30 Sep.) 3,181 9,327 35,073 -
Investigative requests received during the year 847 - - -
of which Compliance-related investigative requests 323 - - -
of which HR-related investigative requests 524 - - -
: 2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
SUPPLY CHAIN
2022 2021 2020 2019
Sourcing volume (in € million) ~44,000 37 ,906 40,712 53,400
Number of suppliers 18,000 18,000 21,000 23,000
Split by Division (in %)
Commercial aircraft activities 77% 77% 76% 84%
Airbus Helicopters 9% 8% 8% 6%
Airbus Defence and Space 14% 15% 15% 10%
Split by region
European Union 69% 74% 74% 59%
North America 24% 19% 19% 27%
Asia pacific 6% 6% 6% 8%
Other regions <1% <1% <1% 6%
Number of countries 90 90 88 >100
Percentage of sourcing volume covered by supplier commitment to the Supplier 
Code of Conduct 86% 79% NA -
Percentage of sourcing volume of suppliers invited to CDP who have responded 78% 68% 56% -
Percentage of responding suppliers to the CDP scoring A or B 66% 53% 56% -
Percentage of identified high risk suppliers, who have undergone a sustainability 
assessment 99.5% 95% 63% -
Percentage of assessed suppliers not meeting Company’s sustainability 
expectations 16% 13% 12% -
Percentage of action plans defined for suppliers not meeting Company’s 
sustainability expectations31% 15% NA -
Number of sustainability alerts 44 12 5 -
Number of suppliers registered into Digitalisation of Supplier Substance data 
collection tool 298 - - -
Note: Metrics cover civil year periods, except for training related metrics with reporting periods going from 1 October to 30 September.
: 2022 data verified by EY ® , based on limited assurance.
COMMUNITY IMPACT
2022 2021 2020
Number of Sustainability Ambassadors 448 207 -
% of employees onboarded to the +impact platform 4%
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 136:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
136 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Governance
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
2022 2021 2020 2019
Number of independent directors 11 11 11 11
Number of Executive Directors 1 1 1 1
Number of women 4 3 3 3
Number of men 8 9 9 9
Average age 60 60 59 59
Number of nationalities 7 7 7 7
Average tenure 4.9 4.5 3.5 4
Number of Board meetings 13 7 13 11
% average attendance 96% 98% 97% 91%
Number of Audit Committee 5 5 5 7
Number of RNGC 5 5 4 7
Number of ECC/ECSC 4 6 4 6
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
2022 2021 2020 2019
Number of women 3 3 2 2
Number of men 9 - - -
Executive Committee meetings 4 4 4 4
SHAREHOLDING
2022 2021 2020 2019
Free Float 74.06% 74.01% 73.97% 73.94%
GZBV (German State) 10.87% 10.90% 10.93% 10.94%
SEPI (Spanish State) 4.10% 4.11% 4.12% 4.13%
SOGEPA (French State) 10.89% 10.92% 10.95% 10.96%
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED REMUNERATION
2022 2021 2020
CEO and Executives variable remuneration – common collective component, paid following the end of financial year
R&S KPI 1 LTIFR1 LTIFR1 LTIFR1
Weight 10% 10% 20%
R&S KPI 2 CO 2 CO2 -
Weight 10% 10% -
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 137:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
137Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.2.18 TCFD Correspondence Table
See Company’s  
report sections
See CDP Climate Change 
Questionnaire(1) items
Governance
Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and 
opportunities. – 1.2.1 the Company’s 
approach to sustainability
– 1.2.2 Climate change
C1.1a, C1.1b
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities C1.2, C1.2a
Strategy
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities  
the organisation has identified over the short, medium,  
and long term – Risk Factors – 
Environment, Human Rights, 
Health & Safety Risks
– 1.2.2 Climate Change
– see the “Notes to the 
IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements” (Note 7: Climate 
impacts)
C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities 
on the organisation’s businesses, strategy, and financial 
planning.
C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.3, 
C3.4
Describe the resilience of the organisation’s strategy,  
taking  
into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including 
a 2°C or lower scenario C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b
Risk management
Describe the organisation’s processes for identifying  
and assessing climate-related risks. – 4.1.3 Enterprise Risk 
Management System
– 1.2.1 the Company’s 
approach to sustainability
– 1.2.2 Climate change
C2.1, C2.1a, C2.1b, C2.2, 
C2.2a
Describe the organisation’s processes for managing  
climate-related risks. C2.1, C2.2
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing,  
and managing climate-related risks are integrated  
into the organisation’s overall risk management. C2.1, C2; 1b, C2.2
Metrics & targets
Disclosure of the metrics used by the organisation to assess 
climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy 
and risk management process.
– 1.2.2 Climate change
– 1.2.17 ESG data board, 
section Environmental 
performance / Emissions
C1.3, C1.3a, C4.2, C9.1
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG 
emissions, and the related risks.
C5, C5.1, C5.1a, C5.1b, 
C5.1c, C5.2, C5.3, C6.1, 
C6.2, C6.3, C6.4, C6.5, 
C6.5a, C6.10, C7.1, C7.1a, 
C7.2, C7.3, C7.3a, C7.5,  
C7.6, C7.6a
Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets. C4.1, C4.1a, C4.1b, C4.2a
(1) CDP Climate Change Questionnaire is available on Airbus website  and CDP website . 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 138:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
138 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.2.19 EU Taxonomy
The EU Taxonomy is a classification system establishing a list 
of environmentally sustainable economic activities defined by 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation (1) . The EU Taxonomy Regulation 
focuses on six environmental objectives and defines overarching 
conditions that an economic activity must meet to be considered 
environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy aims to direct 
investments towards sustainable projects and activities in order 
to meet the EU’s climate and energy targets for 2030 and reach 
the objectives of the European Green Deal.
As the Company is obligated to report on non-financial information 
pursuant to the Non-Financial Reporting Directive, the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation is also applicable to the Company, and 
therefore we must disclose information on the extent to which 
our activities can be considered environmentally sustainable 
economic activities within the meaning of the EU Taxonomy.
Technical screening criteria for two of the six environmental 
objectives have been laid down in the Climate Delegated 
Act (2)  which entered into force on 1 January 2022 and the 
Complementary Climate Delegated Act  (3)  which entered 
into force on 1 January 2023. Recommended criteria for the 
four remaining environmental objectives were published in 
March 2022 (Annex to the Platform on Sustainable Finance’s 
report with recommendations on technical screening criteria for 
the four remaining environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy) 
and complemented with additional criteria in November 2022 
(Platform on Sustainable Finance’s report with supplementary 
advice on methodology and technical screening criteria for 
the climate and environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy) 
(“Draft Recommendations ”). Aviation related activities have 
not been included in the Climate Delegated Act and the 
Complementary Climate Delegated Act, but, based on the Draft 
Recommendations, aviation is proposed to be included as a 
transition activity in the EU Taxonomy, which acknowledges 
its potential transition to a climate-neutral economy consistent 
with a pathway to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above 
pre-industrial level.
For the reporting period FY 2021, only qualitative information 
and information on the proportion of Taxonomy-eligible activities 
in relation to total activities set out in the Delegated Act had to 
be disclosed. For the reporting over FY 2022, the Delegated 
Act applies fully, meaning that the Company has to disclose its 
alignment to the EU Taxonomy as well. In order to be aligned 
with the EU Taxonomy, an eligible activity has to i) comply with 
the Technical Screening criteria (TSC); ii) the Do No Significant 
Harm (DNSH) criteria; and the company has to fulfil Minimum 
Safeguards.
EU Taxonomy Assessment Over FY 2022
The Company performed an analysis of its exposure to 
taxonomy-eligible activities referenced in the Climate Delegated 
Act and the Complementary Climate Delegated Act and has 
conducted an assessment of compliance with the relevant TSC, 
the DNSH-criteria and the Minimum Safeguards. The results of 
this assessment have been included in the following sections 
(EU Taxonomy KPIs and EU Taxonomy KPIs accompanying 
information). The Company has performed these calculations 
based on consolidated information while it is still working on 
further improving financial data tagging to enable improved 
reporting in upcoming disclosures. The Company’s assessment 
will be refined as additional official guidance on EU taxonomy 
implementation and interpretation becomes available. The main 
activities carried out by the Company are not yet covered by the 
EU Taxonomy delegated acts.
(1) Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088.
(2)  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by 
establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change 
mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives.
(3) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022 amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 as regards economic activities in certain energy 
sectors and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 139:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
139Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
EU TAXONOMY KPI s PROPORTION OF TURNOVER  FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH TAXONOMY-ALIGNED 
ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES – DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2022
Substantial contribution 
criteria
DNSH criteria  
(“Does Not Significantly 
Harm”)
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11) (12) (13) (14) (15) (16) (17) (18) (19) (20) (21)
Economic 
activities Code(s)
Absolute 
turnover
Proportion 
of turnover
SC5 SC6 SC7 SC8 SC9 SC10 DN11 DN12 DN13 DN14 DN15 DN16 MS17 %Aligned
18
%Aligned
prev. year
19
Cat20 Cat21
In m€ % % % % % % % Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Percent Percent E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES %
A.1. 
Environmentally 
sustainable 
activities 
(Taxonomy-
aligned)
N/A
Turnover of 
environmentally 
sustainable
activities 
(Taxonomy-
aligned) (A.1)
0 0% 0% N/A
A.2 Taxonomy-
Eligible but not 
environmentally 
sustainable 
activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities)
N/A
Turnover of 
Taxonomy-
eligible but not 
environmentally 
sustainable 
activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities) (A.2)
0 0% N/A
Total (A.1 + A.2) 0 0% 0% N/A
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES SC5 –  Climate change 
mitigation
SC6 –  Climate change 
adaptation
SC7 –  Water and marine 
resources
SC8 – Circular economy
SC9 – Pollution
SC10 –  Biodiversity  
and ecosystems
DN11 –  Climate change  
mitigation
DN12 –  Climate change  
adaptation
DN13 –  Water and marine 
resources
DN14 – Circular economy
DN15 – Pollution
DN16 –  Biodiversity and 
ecosystems
MS17 –  Minimum safeguards
%Aligned18 – Taxonomy-aligned 
proportion of turnover
%Aligned prev. year 19 – Taxonomy- 
aligned proportion of turnover, 
previous year
Cat20 – Category (enabling activity or)
Cat21 –  Category  
“(transitional activity)”
Turnover of 
Taxonomy-non-
eligible
activities (B)
58,763 100%
Total (A + B) 58,763 100%
Column 21 should be filled in for transitional activities contributing to the climate change mitigation.
For activities listed under A2, columns 5 to 17 May be filled in on a voluntary basis by non-financial 
undertakings
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 140:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
140 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
EU TAXONOMY KPI s PROPORTION OF CAPEX  FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH TAXONOMY-ALIGNED 
ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES – DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2022
Substantial contribution 
criteria
DNSH criteria  
(“Does Not Significantly 
Harm”)
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11) (12) (13) (14) (15) (16) (17) (18) (19) (20) (21)
Economic  
activities Code(s)
Absolute 
CapEx
Proportion 
of CapEx
SC5 SC6 SC7 SC8 SC9 SC10DN11DN12DN13DN14DN15DN16MS17%Aligned
18
%Aligned
prev. year
19
Cat20 Cat21
In m€ % % % % % % % Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Percent Percent E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
N/A
CapEx of 
environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) 
(A.1)
0 0% 0% N/A
A.2 Taxonomy-
Eligible but not 
environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-
aligned activities)
N/A
4.24 Production 
of heat/cool from 
bioenergy
D35.30 14 0.6%
7.3 Installation, 
maintenance and repair 
of energy efficiency 
equipment
F42, 
F43, 
M71, 
C16, 
C17,  
C22, 
C23, 
C25,
C27,  
C28, 
S95.21, 
S95.22,
C33.12
17 0.7%
8.1 Data processing, 
hosting and related 
activities
J63.11 21 0.8%
CapEx of Taxonomy-
eligible but not 
environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-aligned 
activities) (A.2)
52 2.1% N/A
Total (A.1 + A.2) 52 2.1% 0% N/A
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES SC5 –  Climate change 
mitigation
SC6 –  Climate change 
adaptation
SC7 –  Water and marine 
resources
SC8 – Circular economy
SC9 – Pollution
SC10 –  Biodiversity and 
ecosystems
DN11 –  Climate change 
mitigation
DN12 –  Climate change 
adaptation
DN13 –  Water and marine 
resources
DN14 – Circular economy
DN15 – Pollution
DN16 –  Biodiversity and 
ecosystems
MS17 –  Minimum safeguards
%Aligned18 – Taxonomy-aligned 
proportion of Capex
%Aligned prev. year 19 – Taxonomy- 
aligned proportion of CapEx, previous 
year
Cat20 – Category (enabling activity or)
Cat21 –  Category  
“(transitional activity)”
CapEx of Taxonomy-
non-eligible activities 
(B)
2412 97.9%
Total (A + B) 2464 100%
For activities listed under A2, columns 5 to 17 May be filled in on a voluntary basis by non-financial 
undertakings.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 141:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
141Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
EU TAXONOMY KPI s PROPORTION OF OPEX  FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH TAXONOMY-ALIGNED 
ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES – DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2022
Substantial contribution 
criteria
DNSH criteria (“Does Not 
Significantly Harm”)
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11) (12) (13) (14) (15) (16) (17) (18) (19) (20) (21)
Economic 
activities
Code
(s)
Absolute 
OpEx
Proportion 
of OpEx
SC5 SC6 SC7 SC8 SC9 SC10DN11DN12 DN13 DN14 DN15 DN16 MS17 %Aligned
18
%Aligned
prev. year
19
Cat20 Cat21
In m€ % % % % % % % Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Percent Percent E T
A. TAXONOMY-
ELIGIBLE 
ACTIVITIES
A.1. 
Environmentally 
sustainable 
activities 
(Taxonomy-
aligned)
N/A
OpEx of 
environmentally 
sustainable
activities 
(Taxonomy-
aligned) (A.1)
0 0% 0% N/A
A.2 Taxonomy-
Eligible but not 
environmentally 
sustainable 
activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities)
N/A
OpEx of 
Taxonomy-
eligible but not 
environmentally 
sustainable 
activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities) (A.2)
0 0% N/A
Total (A.1 + A.2) 0 0% 0% N/A
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES SC5 –  Climate change 
mitigation
SC6 –  Climate change 
adaptation
SC7 –  Water and marine 
resources
SC8 – Circular economy
SC9 – Pollution
SC10 –  Biodiversity and 
ecosystems
DN11 –  Climate change 
mitigation
DN12 –  Climate change 
adaptation
DN13 –  Water and marine 
resources
DN14 – Circular economy
DN15 – Pollution
DN16 –  Biodiversity and 
ecosystems
MS17 –  Minimum safeguards
%Aligned18 – Taxonomy-aligned 
proportion of Opex
%Aligned prev. year 19 – Taxonomy- 
aligned proportion of OpEx, 
previous year
Cat20 – Category (enabling activity or)
Cat21 –  Category  
“(transitional activity)”
OpEx of 
Taxonomy-non-
eligible
activities (B)
3,079 100%
Total (A + B) 3,079 100%
(1) Activity 1 is Taxonomy-eligible in its entirety. However, only a proportion of it is Taxonomy-aligned. Therefore, Activity 1 May be reported under both A1 and A2. However, only 
the proportion reported under A1 May be counted as Taxonomy-aligned in the OpEx KPI of the non-financial undertaking. For activities listed under A2, columns 5 to 17 May 
be filled in on a voluntary basis by non-financial undertakings.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 142:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
142 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
EU Taxonomy KPIs Accompanying 
Information
1. Accounting Policy
The Company’s EU Taxonomy disclosure covers the following 
scope: EU Taxonomy-compliant share of turnover, capital 
expenditure (“CapEx”) aligned with the EU Taxonomy and 
operational expenditure (“OpEx”) aligned with the EU Taxonomy 
of the Company consolidated that, for the purpose of EU 
Taxonomy disclosure, are split per economic activity according 
to the Climate Delegated Act and the Complementary Climate 
Delegated Act of the EU Taxonomy. Please refer to the “Notes to 
the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 4: Significant 
Accounting Policies”.
In the context of EU Taxonomy disclosure, the Company 
assessed any economic activity that in aggregate exceeds 1% 
of the total turnover, CapEx or OpEx. The materiality threshold 
has been set at 1%, as the Company expects economic activities 
that in aggregate do not exceed 1% of the total turnover, CapEx 
or OpEx to have no material influence on the reporting. However, 
should there be availability of data, the Company may choose 
to disclose such activities.
Turnover, CapEx and OpEx were determined and allocated to 
the numerator by performing a mapping between the description 
of activities in the EU Taxonomy and the Company’s portfolio of 
sources of revenues, investments and expenses.
As the EU Taxonomy KPIs are published for the first time in the 
reporting over FY 2022, prior-year figures are not provided. No 
material changes to the CapEx plan have occurred in FY 2022. 
The capital expenditures disclosed under the CapEx KPI are not 
part of a CapEx Plan meeting the conditions specified under the 
EU taxonomy regulation.
2. Assessment of Compliance with EU 
Taxonomy Regulation
Information on Assessment of Compliance with 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation
The assessment of compliance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
has been carried out in four steps:
 – Determination of EU Taxonomy eligibility: screening of the 
Company’s turnover, CapEx and OpEx versus the activities 
described in the currently adopted Climate Delegated Act 
and Complementary Climate Delegated Act and allocation 
on the basis of the activity description, resulting in a list of 
eligible activities.
 – Determination of EU Taxonomy alignment with technical 
screening criteria: for the eligible activities which exceed the 
materiality threshold of 1%, applicable substantial contribution 
and do no significant harm criteria have been identified and 
analysed, gathering the available and relevant information 
and evidence.
 – Determination of EU Taxonomy alignment with the minimum 
safeguards: following the guidance provided by the Platform 
on Sustainable Finance in its “Final Report on Minimum 
Safeguards” published in October 2022 (1 ) , and more specifically 
by analysing the non-compliance criteria proposed in the 
aforementioned report concerning human rights, taxation, fair 
competition and corruption & bribery areas at Company level.
This exercise has been conducted by a dedicated team involving 
experts from different functions and Divisions through a number 
of interviews and working sessions during the year.
In 2022, Taxonomy eligible activities related to “4.24 Production of 
heat/cool from bioenergy” and “7 .3 Installation, maintenance and 
repair of energy efficiency equipment”, were related to projects 
aiming to improve energy efficiency and reduce CO2  emissions 
that could make a substantial contribution to the climate change 
mitigation objective while eligible activities related to “8.1 Data 
processing, hosting and related activities” also met activity 
description. They have been allocated to one taxonomy activity 
and one environmental objective, avoiding the risk of double 
counting.
In 2022, the results of the self-assessment of Minimum 
Safeguards criteria was positive taking into account the non-
compliance criteria recommended in the Final Report on 
Minimum Safeguards.
Contribution to Multiple Objectives
Due to the nature of the projects linked to Taxonomy eligible 
activities in 2022, substantial contribution has been assessed 
against the climate change mitigation objective only and its 
relevant criteria.
Disaggregation of KPIs
In 2022, the preparation and disclosure of figures as per 
Taxonomy requirements did not require any disaggregation.
3. Contextual Information
Contextual Information About Turnover KPI
Turnover KPI has been assessed as not material and therefore 
reported as 0%.
Contextual Information About CapEx KPI
All CapEx identified as eligible were added to property, plant 
and equipment during the year 2022. In 2022, Taxonomy 
eligible activities were related to projects aiming to improve 
energy efficiency and reduce CO2  emissions that could make 
a substantial contribution to the climate change mitigation 
objective, while data processing related CapEx (e.g. data centres) 
met activity description.
In light of the complexity and granularity of the applicable 
criteria, the investments could not be assessed as aligned by 
the Company in 2022. The Company took a cautious approach 
to assessing Appendix C criteria and compliance could not be 
confirmed in 2022.
In addition, some of the CapEx contributing to the Company’s 
decarbonisation plan as presented in section “– 1.2.2 Climate 
Change” could not be assessed as eligible.
The capital expenditures disclosed under the CapEx KPI are not 
part of a CapEx Plan meeting the conditions specified under the 
EU taxonomy Regulation.
(1) Platform on Sustainable Finance – Final report on Minimum Safeguards, October 2022.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 143:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
143Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Contextual Information About the OpEx KPI
The Company’s OpEx definition differs from the EU Taxonomy 
OpEx definition. For the purpose of the EU Taxonomy disclosure, 
only research and development costs are considered.
Future Developments
In the coming years, the Company will continue to report under 
the EU Taxonomy with regard to its Taxonomy-eligible economic 
activities as well as its Taxonomy-aligned economic activities. 
This entails a further and continuous review of our economic 
activities. Future guidance on the EU Taxonomy could result 
in updated definitions and other decision-making in meeting 
reporting obligations that may come into force. The Company 
expects that its reporting will evolve over time as more insights 
will be gained on how best to comply with the EU Taxonomy. If the 
delegated act related to the manufacturing of aircraft is adopted 
under the EU Taxonomy Regulation, the turnover generated by 
sales of commercial aircraft may then become eligible.
Estimated eligibility and alignment if aviation-related 
technical screening criteria were to be adopted as per draft 
recommendation:  Pursuant to the Draft Recommendations, 
aviation-related activities are included in the EU Taxonomy by 
means of delegated act(s) to be adopted in 2023. The Company’s 
commercial aircraft activity corresponding to NACE code 30.3 is 
described under section 7.2 Manufacturing of aircraft of the Draft 
Recommendations (1 ) . According to the Draft Recommendations, 
a majority of the Company’s 2022 turnover would be eligible, 
mainly including the turnover generated by sales of commercial 
aircraft. Based on the same information, the Company estimates 
that a significant portion of this eligible turnover could be 
Taxonomy-aligned, subject to Do-No-Significant-Harm criteria 
and minimum safeguards criteria assessment. As per the technical 
screening criteria of section 7.2 of the Draft Recommendations, 
the alignment would correspond to the proportion of new aircraft 
sold that will replace less efficient older generation aircraft, and 
therefore contributing to reducing the overall carbon footprint of 
aviation – as described in section “– 1.2.2 Climate change” / IV. 
Transition plan / 2. Product stewardship. Activities from the 
Company’s two Divisions may be covered to some extent in 
future developments of the EU Taxonomy, while current level of 
information available does not enable the Company to provide an 
estimate. Accordingly, “best-in-class” aircraft programme related 
CapEx, and R&D (Operating Expenses) should be respectively 
eligible and aligned at least in proportions similar to turnover 
ones.
(1) Platform on Sustainable Finance: Technical Working Group / Part B – Annex: Full list of Technical Screening Criteria March 2022.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 144:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
144 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.2.20 GRI Index
This table, whose aspects are material for the Company and its stakeholders, follows the GRI Standards Guidelines, in accordance 
with the “core” option. When links target a Non-Financial Statement section, additional resource links can be found in the table 
displayed in the sub-section I. Introduction.
GRI Disclosure Related content
GRI 2: General Disclosures
GRI 3: Material Topics
The Organisation and its reporting practices
2-1 Orgaisational details
Name of the organisation Airbus SE
Location of headquarters Leiden, the Netherlands
Location of operations Airbus global presence , Airbus Helicopters global presence
Ownership and legal form See  – 3.1.2 Legal Form
2-2 Entities included in the consolidated financial 
statements See Consolidation Scope 2022
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point
Reporting period From 1 st of January to 31 of December
Reporting cycle Annual
Contact point for questions regarding the report See sustainability on airbus.com
2-4 Restatements of information
See data per sustainability topics in the respective sub 
sections of 1.2 Non-Financial Information,  – 1.2.17 ESG Data 
Board
Please refer to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements, 
notes 24, 37.7
2-5 External assurance Find the full independent Assurance Report from Ernst&Young
Activities and workers
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business 
relationships
Activities, brands, products, and services Get to know Airbus
See  – 1.1 Presentation of the Company
Markets served See what-we-do on airbus.com
See  – 1.1 Presentation of the Company
Scale of the organisation
See  – 1.2.13 People, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board (Social 
Performance)
– 2.1 Operating and Financial Review
Commercial orders & deliveries , Helicopters orders & 
deliveries
Supply chain See  – 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, 1.2.17 ESG Data 
Board (Social Performance)
Significant changes to the organisation  
and its supply chain
See  – 1.1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft) sections “Airbus 
Atlantic” and “Premium AEROTEC”, – 1.2.12 Social dialogue, 
– 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, – 2.1.5 Changes in Total 
Equity
2-7 Employees See  – 1.2.13 People, – 1.2.10 Human rights, – 1.2.17 ESG Data 
Board (Social Performance)
2-8 Workers who are not employees
See  – 1.2.13 People, – 1.2.10 Human rights,  
– 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Social Performance)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 145:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
145Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
GRI Disclosure Related content
Governance
2-9 Governance structure and composition
See  – 4 Corporate Governance
Airbus´ Corporate Governance on airbus.com
Strategy, policies and practices
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy
See Airbus engagement for sustainability on airbus.com , 
see CEO statement on airbus.com , see CEO’s commitment 
to sustainability in the UNGC engagement letter 2022
2-23 Policy commitments See  – 1.2.10 Human rights, – 1.2.14 Business integrity, – 1.2.15 
Responsible supply chain, – 1.2.16 Community impact
2-28 Membership associations
ATAG , IAEG , The Conference Board , GIFAS , World 
Economic Forum , Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing , 
Initiative Chefsache, BDLI
Stakeholder Engagement
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability, 
– 1.2.12 Social dialogue, – 1.2.17 ESG Data board (Social 
performance)2-30 Collective bargaining agreements
Disclosure on material topics
3-1 Process to determine material topics
See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability3-2 List of material topics
3-3 Management of material topics
Precautionary principle or approach
See Enterprise Risk Management on airbus.com
See  – 4.1.3 Enterprise Risk Management System,  
– 1.2.1.VII Airbus’ way forward: Vigilance Plan,  
– 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan (Devoir de Vigilance)
Lead the journey towards clean aerospace
Climate change
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability,  
– 1.2.2 Climate Change
302-1 Energy consumption within the Organisation
See  – 1.2.2 Climate Change, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Environmental performance)302-4 Reduction of energy consumption
302-5 Reduction in energy requirements of products and 
services
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
See  – 1.2.2 Climate Change, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Environmental performance)
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
305-4 GHG emissions intensity
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions
Pollution
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability,  
– 1.2.3 Pollution
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), and 
other significant air emissions
See  – 1.2.3 Pollution, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board (Environmental 
performance)
Materials and circularity
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability,  
– 1.2.4 Materials and circularity
306-1 Waste generation See  – 1.2.3 Materials and circularity, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Environmental performance)306-2 Management of signification waste-related impacts
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 146:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
146 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
GRI Disclosure Related content
Water
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability,  
– 1.2.5 Water
303-3 Water withdrawal See  – 1.2.5 Water, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board (Environmental 
performance)303-4 Water discharge
Biodiversity
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s Approach to Sustainability,  
– 1.2.6 Biodiversity
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products  
and services on biodiversity See  – 1.2.6 Biodiversity
Build our business on the foundation of safety and quality
Aviation and Product Safety
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability,  
– 1.2.7 Aviation and product safety -1.2.8 Cyber security
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts  
of product and service categories
See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability,  
– 1.2.7 Aviation and product safety
Health & Safety
3-3 Management of material topics
See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability,  
– 1.2.7 Aviation and product safety, – 1.2.9 Health and safety 
– 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance plan
403-1 Occupational H&S management system
See  – 1.2.9 Health and safety, – 1.2.15 Responsible supply 
chain, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board (Social performance), 
– 1.2.1.VII Vigilance plan
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 
investigation
403-3 Occupational health services
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and 
communication on occupational H&S
403-5 Worker training on occupational H&S
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational H&S 
impacts directly linked by business relationships
403-9 Work-related injuries
Respect h uman rights and f oster inclusion
Inclusion and diversity
3-3 Management of material topics
See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability, 
– 1.2.11 Inclusion and diversity, – 1.2.15 Responsible supply 
chain, – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees
See  – 1.2.11 Inclusion and diversity, – 1.2.15 Responsible 
supply chain, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board (Social performance)
See  – 4.1.1.1 Board of Directors, 4.1.1.3  
The Executive Committee
Board of Directors composition  and Executive Committee 
composition on Airbus.com
Workforce, human rights and social dialogue
3-3 Management of material topics
See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability, 
– 1.2.10 Human rights – 1.2.11 Inclusion and diversity,  
– 1.2.12 Social Dialogue, – 1.2.13 People, – 1.2.15 Responsible 
supply chain, – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover See  – 1.2.13 People, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board (Social 
performance)
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees See  – 1.2.13 People
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 147:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.2 Non-Financial Information
147Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
GRI Disclosure Related content
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee
See  – 1.2.13 People, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board (Social 
performance)
404-2 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and 
transition assistance programmes
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement 
plans
See  – Risk Factors 1. Financial Market Risks (Pension 
Commitments), – 2.1.6.1 Cash Flows (Contribution to Plan 
Assets of Pension Schemes) – 4.2.1.3 Implementation of the 
Remuneration Policy in 2021: CEO (h. Retirement)
407-1 Freedom of association and collective bargain
See  – 1.2.10 Human rights, – 1.2.12 Social dialogue,  
– 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Social performance)
Exemplify business integrity
Business i ntegrity
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability, 
– 1.2.14 Business integrity, – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption See  – 1.2.14 Business Integrity, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Social performance), – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 
policies and procedures
See  – 1.2.14 Business integrity, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Social performance), – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken
See  – 1.2.14 Business integrity, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Social performance), – 1.1.7 Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings
Responsible supply chains
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability, 
– 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan
308-1 New suppliers screened using environmental criteria
See  – 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, – 1.2.17 ESG Data 
Board (Social performance), – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain 
and actions taken
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and 
actions taken
See  – 1.2.10 Human rights – 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, 
– 1.2.17 ESG Data Board (Social performance),  
– 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of child labor
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of forced or compulsory labor
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers See  – 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, – 1.2.17 ESG Data 
Board (Social performance), – 1.2.1.VII Vigilance Plan
Community i mpact
3-3 Management of material topics See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability, 
– 1.2.16 Community impact
203-1
203-2
Infrastructure investments and services supported
Significant indirect economic impacts
See  – 1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability, 
– 1.2.16 Community impact
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed
See  1.2.1 The Company’s approach to sustainability,  
– 1.2.15 Responsible supply chain, – 1.2.17 ESG Data Board 
(Social performance)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 148:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.2 Non-Financial Information
148 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.2.21 SASB Correspondence Table
Sustainability Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics
Energy Management
 - Total energy consumed, percentage grid electricity, percentage renewable RT-AE-130a.1
See 1.2.2 “Lead the journey towards 
clean aerospace”
See 1.2.17 ESG Data Board, section
Environmental Performance / Energy
Hazardous Waste Mgmt
 - Amount of hazardous waste generated, percentage of hazardous waste 
recycled
 - Number and aggregate quantity of reportable spills, quantity recovered  
from reportable spills
RT-AE-150a.1
RT-AE-150a.2
See  1.2.2 “Lead the journey towards 
clean aerospace”
See 1.2.17 ESG Data Board, section
Environmental Performance / Waste
Data Security
 - Number of data breaches, percentage involving confidential information
 - Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks  
in Company operations and products
RT-AE-230a.1
RT-AE-230a.2
See 1.2.8 “Cyber security”
See 1.2.17 “ESG Data Board, section 
Social Performance / Cybersecurity”
Product Safety
 - Number of recalls issued, total units recalled
 - Number of counterfeit parts detected, percentage avoided
 - Number of Airworthiness Directives received, total units affected
 - Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated 
with product safety
RT-AE-250a.1
RT-AE-250a.2
RT-AE-250a.3
RT-AE-250a.4
See 1.2.7 “Aviation and product 
safety”
Fuel Economy & Emissions in Use-Phase
 - Revenue from alternative energy-related products
 - Description of approach and discussion of strategy to address fuel 
economy and strategy to address fuel economy and greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions of products
RT-AE-410a.1
RT-AE-410a.2
See EU Taxonomy estimates 
disclosure in 1.2.19 EU Taxonomy
See 1.2.2 “Lead the journey towards 
clean aerospace”
Materials Sourcing
 - Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical 
materials
RT-AE-440a.1 See 1.2.15 “Responsible supply 
chain”
Business Ethics
 - Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated 
with incidents of corruption, bribery, and/or illicit international trade
 - Revenue from countries ranked in the “E” or “F” Band of Transparency 
International’s Government Defence Anti-Corruption Index
 - Discussion of processes to manage business ethics risks throughout the 
value chain
RT-AE-510a.1
RT-AE-510a.2
RT-AE-510a.3
See 1.2.14 “Business integrity”
Activity metrics
 - Production by reportable segment: Production should be disclosed as the 
number of units produced by product category, where relevant product 
categories include ground vehicles, aircraft, marine vehicles, vehicle and 
aircraft components, and space and weapons systems.
 - Number of employees
RT-AE-000.A
RT-AE-000.B
See 2.1.4 “Results of Operations” 
(2.1.4.1 Revenues)
See 1.2.17 ESG Data Board
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 149:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.3 Other Corporate Activities
149Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.3  Other Corporate Activities
Digital and Information Management at Airbus: Overview
Digital and Information Management has been a core discipline 
for Airbus over a number of years. 2022 saw the continuation of 
the previously initiated digital transformation, together with new 
developments and further rationalisations.
Digital continued to answer c ompany challenges and to enable 
Airbus to be a sustainable aerospace and defence leader. This 
included:
 – A more efficient and simplified digital ecosystem to increase 
capacity to invest for the future. This was possible with the 
single aisle family production ramp up assistance via the 
PLM upgrades, data quality improvements, reworking of 
the resources planning for Operations and technical debt 
eradication.
 – New digital design, manufacturing and services deployments. 
These are now running for Eurodrone and the A350 Freighter, 
establishing a solid groundwork for future programmes to 
enable the kick start of aerospace industry decarbonation 
transformation.
 – An initiation of seamless digital user experience to better 
engage with our employees and customers with innovation 
and acceleration over the digital journey.
 – People career development paths creation, including the 
opening of the Airbus Digital School and its first cybersecurity 
diploma class to make our Company attractive worldwide for 
digital talents acquisition.
2022  showed once again the uncertainty and complexity of the 
world we operate in. In response to this, Digital aims to make 
Airbus both robust and flexible. This was implemented with high 
industrial grade cybersecurity capabilities and technology shifts 
like modern devices management. This resilience also went 
beyond compliance to include export control and more generally 
quality requirements.
Digitally Enabled End-to-End Processes
Digital Design, Manufacturing and Services (“DDMS”)
DDMS is a group-wide transformation programme aimed at 
creating a digital environment where our future generation 
aerospace products and their industrial and support / services 
systems will be virtually designed and qualified in a connected 
way for greater speed, efficiency and quality.
It is enabled by the definition of collaborative development 
processes, digital continuity and digital twins across the entire 
programme lifecycle. It also relies on the use of model-based 
system engineering and the application of a flexible and modular 
architecture approach to the co-development of our products, 
industrial and support / services systems.
The mandate is to be launch-ready for the next aircraft 
programme, while securing early benefits by progressively 
deploying the developed processes and capabilities on early 
adopter programmes in all the Divisions.
The major achievements in 2022 were:
 – People: transformation & competences
One more step was taken into the overall DDMS transformation 
with a steep ramp-up of change management and upskilling 
plans implementation. A special focus was put on Single Aisle 
and Eurodrone with the deployment of the Lean product l ife 
cycle management capabilities, Systems Engineering / Model 
Based Systems Engineering (MBSE). More than 20,000 people 
have started their upskilling journey either through digital or 
classroom training sessions.
 – New co-development processes, digital continuity and 
digital twin technologies progressive deployment on key 
programmes across the Divisions and the aerostructure 
assembly c ompanies:
Single Aisle: Major achievements include increased availability 
of 3D-configured Digital Mock Up (DMU), a sharp reduction 
in the lead-time of the heads of version design and improved 
quality thanks to the implementation of a digital continuity on the 
associated processes from offer to services. The new information 
system upgrade for the single aisle programme (so called Lean 
PLM) has been deployed as planned. The savings provided by 
the DDMS capabilities materialised. Lastly, key contributions 
have been made to secure the solution development of the A321 
XLR programme.
A350 Freighter:  Key contributions have been made with the 
deployment of new ways of working and digital solutions for 
airframe sizing, system design, virtual testing, and industrial 
assembly design and simulation. Further digital solutions 
ensuring full digital continuity between design and shop floor 
execution are being deployed for the new main deck cargo door 
and the fuselage assembly at the major component and final 
assembly line level.
Eurodrone and FCAS: The common working environment with 
integrated digital solutions was deployed from the beginning for 
the Eurodrone development. More than 2,000 users have been 
upskilled and onboarded in this digital way of working.
The FCAS Phase 1B development will rely on the same platform 
enhanced with additional capabilities under development.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 150:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.3 Other Corporate Activities
150 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
H175, H225 and LH (Light Helicopter) programmes: The 
deployment of new digital continuity solutions between the 
design and the shop floor execution for the new gear box 
assembly facility have resulted in higher quality and speed of 
execution.
The developed and validated model based system engineering 
capabilities have been deployed on Tiger Mk3, H160 & NH90 
(50 system engineers trained).
In addition, the development of capabilities for end-to-end 
maintenance engineering has been initiated.
 – New Digital Development Tools:
We improved and continued the implementation of system of 
systems (SOS) trade capabilities to support business model 
convergence and multi scenarios for business context. The MBSE 
based on mission operation function logical (MOFL) modelling 
methodology was implemented, enabling for example a clearer 
definition of dihydrogen (H2) storage system development.
Ecodesign capabilities enabled by digital have been developed 
and LCA models have been created to support assessment of 
our future products.
We also made good progress on the validation and 
implementation of processes, methods and tools supporting the 
new co-development logic for the early programme development 
phase, reducing risks for late changes and development costs. 
Our existing disconnected product functional and physical 
architecture design tools started being connected through our 
developed model based system engineering framework. New 
industrial system static and dynamic modelling capabilities were 
developed and started showing improvements in our ability to 
predict our future industrial system and supply chain ramp up 
readiness.
 – Digital continuity with a network of platforms:
In 2022, we have started to define and experiment the new 
concepts of “network of platforms”. The network of platforms is 
set to enable our end-to-end value chain digital continuity and 
performance, e.g. ensuring data flows across our processes and 
platforms internally and with our partners in the supply chain 
whilst ensuring better data quality, consistency and ease of 
access. The concepts of data products and data service layer 
have been successfully piloted on different end-to-end business 
process flows with a deployment at scale starting in 2023.
Airline Sciences
The aim of the Airline Sciences team is to provide an operational 
digital representation of an airline in all its complexities and 
business models. Having a bottom-up approach enables the 
Company to test out different aircraft technologies and concepts, 
validate product strategy, assist in sales campaigns, develop 
new services and, more importantly, understand the customers’ 
perspective across all layers of the Company.
Airbus has set sustainability at the heart of the Company’s 
purpose and is willing to lead the decarbonisation of the aviation 
industry. Accurate monitoring of aircraft operational data is a 
core element of its decarbonisation strategy. As such, the Airline 
Digital Twin capability is being used heavily in order to assess 
CO2  effects, including comprehensive emissions calculations 
as well as operational sensitivities. We have delivered the first 
CO2  airline monitoring tool, AirScout, based on the Skywise 
platform. Using actual flight trajectories of the entire Airbus 
fleet, and assessing extremely granular effects, we are able to 
have accurate aggregate numbers on aircraft trajectory, city 
pairs, Airline network, aircraft to aircraft, and airline to airline 
views. Our intent is to include other effects in the near future, 
such as non-CO2  and climate impact effects, and beyond this 
to develop a scenario of “what-if” capability to support Airbus’s 
achievement of its science-based climate targets. Airscout has 
been recognised in 2022 by a Digital Engineering award for “Top 
Sustainability Initiative” in a cross-industry jury panel.
Finally, in the context of a ircraft sales campaigns, the Airline 
Digital Twin was used in supporting ultra-long-haul A350 studies 
for various potential customers. A comprehensive market 
assessment was carried out, including building an optimal airline 
fleet and product strategy to maximise airline profitability.
Artificial Intelligence (“AI”)
After successfully applying specific AI solutions across the 
business domains, the Company is now accelerating and 
maturing its industrial setup to deliver AI at scale. This includes 
a focus on delivering an AI services catalogue making available 
reusable and accessible core AI technology capabilities and 
patterns. These capabilities include:
 – computer vision to enable visual quality inspection and improve 
the safety and quality of our manufacturing environment;
 – pattern recognition and time series analysis to detect anomalies 
and avoid failure in our industrial machines and aircraft;
 – natural language understanding and processing to classify 
data (e.g. export control) and secure our compliance;
 – optimisation to improve scheduling and planning activities; and
 – hybrid modelling through machine learning to build surrogate 
models of physical systems, accelerating design activities and 
increasing potential design space.
One of the AI projects called “Prometheus A380”, aiming 
at optimising spare parts management for the A380, was 
recognised in 2022  by a Digital Engineering award for “Value 
Realisation” in a cross-Industry jury panel.
These are being complemented with a central governance and 
life cycle management of a wide range of operationalised AI and 
decision models (ModelOps) framework. First versions were 
released in 2022, demonstrating the great value of AI models 
for key projects. These are paving the way to ensure compliance 
for using AI in safety relevant systems in line with upcoming 
regulations.
Internet of Things
A standard IoT platform is now fully operational, which will 
support sustainability use cases. The objective is to have data 
of different consumptions (water, electricity, raw materials, etc.) 
to better optimise it in the future.
Robotics and Automation Transformation
In 2022, we have kickstarted our integrated robotics and 
automation transformation programme to secure the deployment 
of our ambitious robotics and automation roadmap. The Airbus 
roadmap is organised around five major streams covering key 
areas of our industrial system: Assembly, Paint, Composite, 
Logistics and Inspection.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 151:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.3 Other Corporate Activities
151Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
For these five streams we are running ambitious flagship projects 
to develop and adapt complex robotics technologies to the very 
specific requirements of the aerospace industry. We are doing 
this by a mix of internal developments and strategic industrial 
partnerships. In 2022 we have successfully established several 
test benches and passed major milestones on the various core 
technologies.
We have decided to internalise the industrial integration 
knowledge to secure our ability to turn complex aerospace 
functional requirements into industry generic understandable by 
a large community of integrators working for multiple industries. 
Our goal is to reduce our dependence and extend our network 
of partners.
Cyber Security
Our transformation journey continued with the extension of our 
core services across regions and affiliates, the reinforcing of our 
connectivity model with our extended enterprise and further 
strengthening of core controls for the Airbus commercial aircraft 
environment. In line with our ambition, we saw a further step 
change in the volume of active running services now in place 
to protect our business.
As we continue to develop and reinforce our re-insourcing 
strategy, we were pleased to welcome the advent of Airbus 
Protect. The experience brought by the creation of this strategic 
partner will be key to deliver on our commitments for the years 
to come.
In 2023 we need to continue to develop and reinforce our 
federated cyber security model; strengthening security by 
design, collectively we will adopt a stronger and more resilient 
approach to enable and protect our business. As we continue 
to reinforce our teams in Europe, India and within the regions, 
we must continue to ensure the development and maintenance 
of our key skills through a robust competence strategy.
The recruitment and the development of key skills and 
competences remains a top challenge. With this regard, the 
creation and implementation of the Airbus Cyber Security 
Diploma is a great achievement for all those involved. We now 
have a solid platform to develop “home-grown” Cyber Security 
expertise to support our talent pipeline for the years to come. As 
an Airbus-designed programme, we have been able to tailor the 
content and delivery to match the exact needs of the business. 
This programme is a key addition to our existing portfolio of 
early career programmes which over many years have been 
successful in providing high potential individuals embedded in 
our teams across Europe.
Digital Transformation at Defence 
and Space
2022 has been a year of consolidation and optimisation for Airbus 
Defence and Space. In addition to enabling key programmes like 
Eurodrone and FCAS with their common working environments 
for development between all involved partners as already 
mentioned above, the ERP consolidation that is closely linked 
to it has been progressing in the background. This goes hand 
in hand with the newly launched initiative “Fixing the digital 
foundation” which has been kicked off in 2022 with the goal to 
streamline and optimise the complex IT architecture. All this is to 
reinforce the Division’s digital security, improve user experience 
and be able to adapt to technological changes quicker.
Digitally Enabled Products and Services
Skywise
At its origin in 2015, Skywise was launched to unlock the data 
from our discrete legacy systems to make it accessible and 
actionable by those needing it for their day-to-day operations. 
Now fully industrialised, Skywise is in 2022 adopted by more 
than 29,000 Airbus employees across all functions and divisions. 
With data unlocked from previous silos, a virtuous circle has 
been created: with in-service data flowing back into operations 
and aircraft design, delivering incremental product, support and 
services improvements and transforming the Company into a 
more agile, empowered and data-driven organisation. This 
success has been recognised in 2022 by a Digital Engineering 
awards for “Digital Transformation of the Year” in a cross-industry 
jury panel.
Skywise data architecture ensures that data becomes the 
single source of truth powering the Company’s operations 
and products. Building on the successful industrial use cases, 
Airbus initiated the implementation of its data product strategy 
that aims at supporting end-to-end business processes with 
an integrated data flow, enabling digital continuity for Airbus 
legacy programmes. This effort is paving the way for DDMS 
digital continuity framework.
Furthermore, Skywise is the flagship platform of the aerospace 
industry’s digital transformation, connecting Airbus, airline 
customers and some key aerospace suppliers. With Skywise 
directly supporting the operations and maintenance of more than 
10,300 (Airbus and other OEMs) commercial aircraft, we estimate 
that it has saved the airline industry at least US$ 200 million a year 
and has accelerated their overall aircraft operational availability 
and post-crisis aircraft return-to-service. 2022 was also the 
year of the launch of Skywise Core [X] packages built on a 
subscription-based business model with four early adopters.
Skywise was designed from the start with the right security 
framework, a strict data governance implementation and 
industrial scalability. This made it possible to start small and then 
scale up. The technology partner’s world-leading capabilities 
in data integration played a key role in the adoption; yet this 
continuous growth was driven by the focus on value creation, 
engagement with the business and employees’ digital skills 
upskilling, more than by the technology itself.
Digital Services for Helicopters
Launched in 2020, AirbusWorld, Customer Collaborative 
platform, pursues its goal of becoming the Airbus Helicopters 
d igital front office. Available 24/7, w orldwide, easy to use, 
AirbusWorld’s primary mission is to enable our customers to 
quickly find relevant information and perform first level support 
activities autonomously.
With a growing community of 42 , 000 users, AirbusWorld is 
continuously proposing new functionalities on key support 
activities such as logistics or technical support. Besides, 
innovative services are proposed to enrich the overall experience 
with Airbus Helicopters.
Many other improvements are on the way to be deployed in 
2023 to enrich our digital front Office and propose best in class 
support.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 152:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.3 Other Corporate Activities
152 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Digitally Enabled People
Google Workspace Deployment
Google and Airbus continue to partner to further improve the 
functionalities of Google Workspace. 2022 has been key for 
the enhancement of security with the deployment of Flowcrypt 
and Meet CSE (Client Side Encryption, allowing end users to 
encrypt their most sensitive meetings with Airbus encryption 
keys). Data tagging drastically increased and the new secure 
email platform has been delivered for military mailboxes. 2023 will 
bring more autonomy to each employee with the Low code / No 
code features being now available to all. 2023 will also see further 
deployments in Airbus Helicopters, Airbus Defence and Space 
and Airbus Atlantic.
Modern Workplace
Airbus started to roll out a more efficient and resilient workplace 
improving employee productivity from anywhere, anytime 
from any device thanks to the modern devices management 
programme.
Also, the modern workplace is now even further improved with 
smartphone deployment initiated in 2022, to enable each and 
every employee seamless communication and collaboration. 
This deployment will continue in 2023.
IM eXperts Career Path
Starting in 2021, we have been actively developing the IM eXpert 
career path together with the Airbus College of eXperts. Why?
 – because we strongly believe our digital technical expertise 
is making the difference for the future of Airbus. A future 
where digitalisation, cyber security risks, automation, cloud 
technology, power of data, connectivity, artificial intelligence 
and much more have become not only a business enabler but 
a competitive advantage of our aerospace industry;
 – to officially recognise the tremendous technical know-how of 
our employees and offer them more development opportunities 
in what they love doing every day at & for Airbus; and
 – with the IM eXpert career path we aim to secure key 
competencies for Airbus top line strategic priorities, while 
providing meaningful development and career opportunities 
to the talents interested in further expanding and deepening 
their technical and relational expertise.
Digital Academy Services for All
Since 2018, the Digital A cademy team has identified, both at 
Airbus Group and at worldwide levels, all necessary skills, 
competences and people development means to use all the 
opportunities of our digital transformation. In 2022, some 
significant steps were delivered to boost our digital profiles 
attraction and natural retention within whole Airbus:
 – 5,000  employees across Airbus have a digital job and 
60,000 employees have at least a competence in their position 
supporting our digital transformation;
 – 300 employees certified this on data analysts and data 
scientists skills, so far raising up to 1,200 certified colleagues 
since 2019;
 – new certifications are now live: 30 employees graduated in 
Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud Platform and 20 
architects obtained the Archim@te certification;
 – career paths were designed and started to be implemented 
for architects (526 employees) and technology specialists 
(400 employees);
 – 15,000 employees trained on digital upskilling solutions 
(Pluralsight and other platforms); and
 – 4,000 active members in communities of practice (social 
learning) related to our digital jobs, exchanging best practices, 
pain points, getting technical mentorship, participating in 
events and seminars, etc.
2023 Challenges
2022 once more demonstrated through the above achievements 
the great collaboration among all participants from all the 
Divisions. Digital contributed to the success of the Company, 
delivering even further the expected added value from Airbus, 
partners and its customers.
Digital will continue next year to be the digital engine of the 
Company’s purpose “pioneering sustainable aerospace for a 
safe and united world”. Data boundaries will vanish to open 
the seamless data driven world, enabling end-to-end decision 
making and supporting the ramp up of our production rates.
Past years showed how resilience is paramount. Digital will 
give its best to make Airbus digitally adaptable and strong with 
cybersecurity capabilities at the centre, but also unleashing the 
cloud and sovereign capabilities.
The journey to decarbonise aviation is one Digital’s priorities. 
Efforts continue to give the means to reach our reduced emissions 
targets with new monitoring systems, material traceability and 
new decarbonised aviation solutions for our customers.
Research and Technology
The Airbus Technology and Engineering Department is led by 
the Chief Technical Officer (“CTO”). Part of its responsibility is 
to define, deliver and protect all the Company’s R&T, enable 
technology synergies across the group, federate the Company’s 
innovation activities and ensure expertise in breakthrough 
technologies. The R&T Programme department applies a lean 
project-based approach, tracked and managed using earned 
value management, technology readiness levels and figures 
of merit. Technological collaboration with external research 
communities and partners is encouraged and coordinated 
through the department with technical and scientific experts. 
These duties are delivered through the capabilities outlined here 
below.
The Company-wide integration of R&T technology and alignment 
with institutional research partners is achieved through cross-
portfolio technology planning and road mapping, giving an 
exhaustive view of technology targets and investments. In 
addition, Company-wide engagement for joint funding with 
public agencies is achieved through a common R&T Funding 
contract management.
Specific cross divisional activities are delivered through the 
Disruptive R&T department consisting of:
 – Central R&T: the cross-divisional R&T organisation that 
prepares the Company’s long-term technological capabilities. 
CRT leads specific investigations in emerging areas of research 
and conducts ambitious research projects while leveraging 
leading academic, scientific and research institutions to best 
utilise their expertise for achieving the Company’s ambitions.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 153:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.3 Other Corporate Activities
153Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
 – Demonstrators (UpNext): development of selected 
breakthrough technologies is accelerated through Airbus 
demonstrators, by employing rapid maturation methods. This 
function delivers, thanks to its fully owned Airbus UpNext 
subsidiary, flight and ground demonstrator projects that drive 
collaborative new ways of working, provide the highest level 
of transparency and challenge the status quo by embedding 
Airbus’ technology DNA in a highly dynamic environment.
 – X-Labs: providing test and rapid prototyping facilities for the 
full R&T portfolio and the Engineering Centres, especially 
addressing capabilities that do not exist within the company or 
external ecosystem, e.g. electrification. X-Labs also provides 
external access to these facilities.
 – Acubed: technological innovation and outreach to expertise in 
specific regions is delivered through Acubed in Silicon Valley.
 – Airbus Innovation Centre in China: accelerate the delivery of 
innovation projects building on the local ecosystem.
 – Airbus InnovationX: bringing together corporate innovation, 
start-up engagement and company building activities.
Each Division has its own R&T function, defining and delivering 
the divisional projects. The divisional R&T functions are primarily 
planning and technical arbitration teams within their perimeters 
and accountable to both Technology, Divisional Engineering 
and Product Strategy. Their responsibilities include securing 
continuous improvement in divisional competitiveness and the 
ability to develop business. Within the Company, specific priority 
is given to technologies for sustainable next-generation aircraft, 
bringing together product, production system and services.
In order to maximise the Company’s R&T activities, the Divisions 
leverage the external ecosystem, utilising the portfolio of 
projects for funding opportunities and engagement with global 
partnerships, research institutes and universities. This ensures 
efficient R&T portfolio execution, and benefits from new ways 
of working including but not limited to agile methodology 
and minimum viable product demonstration strategy. 
Responsibilities include securing continuous improvement in 
divisional competitiveness and the ability to develop business 
by establishing and driving the Company’s R&T ambitions.
Fast-track roadmap owners serve as principal advisors to the 
CTO on technical vision and roadmaps for associated technology 
areas. Fast-track roadmaps ensure coherency in the portfolio of 
activities and for the rapid advance of strategic priorities across 
the Divisions. Current fast-track roadmaps cover:
 – electrification;
 – connectivity;
 – autonomy;
 – materials;
 – artificial intelligence.
The Company’s IP  is protected, secured and defended through 
a central Intellectual P roperty function responsible for patent 
applications, portfolio investigations and portfolio defence.
Key Progress in 2022
Central Research and Technology (“CRT”)
CRT pioneers the future of aerospace by exploring and delivering 
ambitious new technologies of maximum potential impact on 
Airbus’ future products and services. CRT operates at the 
junction of the Airbus core and global research excellence with 
two main objectives:
 – be a technical trailblazer: explore and deliver relevant new 
technologies, as well as de-risk and create new opportunities;
 – prepare the skills of the Airbus of tomorrow: build internal 
capabilities in strategic emerging technologies and provide the 
relevant expertise to internal customers for technical support 
and decision-making.
In 2022, CRT had more than 30 projects running concurrently 
across its domains. Highlights from these activities include the 
following.
Materials technology: 2022 has seen significant advancements 
in the fields of materials sustainability and circularity, materials 
informatics, functional and high-performance materials towards 
overall sustainability targets, product mission performance and 
competitiveness. The perimeter continues to range from organic 
to inorganic materials, including ceramics and respective surface 
technologies.
 – In the area of sustainability and circularity the first bio-based 
carbon fibres have been tested at high performance  – 
matching aerospace requirements. Enzymatic technologies 
for recycling of polymers have been further analysed and show 
further opportunities, including catalyst development for full 
bio-based-resin formulations. Titanium chips to powder for 
additive manufacturing technologies have shown promising 
results, opening new opportunities for future circular process 
chain thinking.
 – Digitalisation of materials (from materials definition, to 
characterisation and analytics) is seeing a further increase 
in opportunities. For example, AI in polymer formulations is 
being investigated, in order to identify opportunities e.g. for 
the faster replacement of substances.
 – In the area of functional and high-performance materials, high 
robustness of printed electronics (wires, antennas, sensors) 
was demonstrated, enabling application opportunities which 
were not possible before.
Electrification technology:  During 2022, the team has made 
significant progress on several aspects of electrification and 
electric propulsion techno bricks. For example, demonstrating 
active filtering of electromagnetic interference of power modules. 
This technology, when applied to dedicated functions, could 
result in a significant weight reduction when compared to 
classical passive filtering.
Artificial intelligence:  In the scope of trustworthy AI, the 
most impactful outcome was providing formal proofs of neural 
networks’ robustness supporting the certification of systems, 
embedding machine learning components with several 
successful applications on existing neural networks. Research 
will continue on AI in complex environments, such as AI in the 
cockpit, with robust and explainable decision making.
Virtual product engineering:  The team has investigated 
advanced model based systems engineering technology 
bricks to support co-development of product and industrial 
systems, and has successfully demonstrated approaches to 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 154:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.3 Other Corporate Activities
154 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
be handed over to the DDMS programme for industrialisation. 
In addition, projects are running to support modelling and 
simulation needs for future sustainable aircraft, including the 
use of hybrid AI techniques to support traditional computational 
approaches. In the field of aeroacoustics the team has developed 
a methodology for coupling Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) 
with Computational Aeroacoustic (CAA) methods. Finally, a 
collaborative project has been set up between CRT, Inria and 
Cerfacs in France to enhance our key capabilities in applied 
mathematics for modelling and simulation. The initiative called 
“CONCASE” includes research into hybrid modelling linked to 
HPC – a key enabler for the next generation of modelling and 
simulation.
Communication technology:  The team is trailblazing new 
communication system architectures and technologies enabling 
resilient, pervasive and secure connectivity for our airborne 
platforms. Major demonstrations of advanced technological 
capabilities were performed in the field of free-space Quantum-
Key-Distribution and Post-Quantum-Cryptography to provide 
a maximum level of security for our communication links. 
Other outstanding project results are paving the way for more 
autonomous flight operations with demonstrations on very 
highly-available communication links and a many-core processor 
implementation for highly-critical applications. New research 
initiatives to explore quantum networks and free-space power 
beaming for alternative energy sources were started.
Quantum technology:  Implications of quantum technologies 
for aerospace and defence are extensive and include important 
applications in the fields of computing, communication, and 
sensing. The objective is to explore this new emerging technology 
for our company and to prepare Airbus for the early adoption 
of its portfolio. In 2022 a new partnership was set-up with one 
of the leading quantum computing companies IonQ in the 
project QUASA (QUAntum enabled Services for Aerospace). 
Airbus will work with IonQ on specialised quantum algorithms 
to tackle combinatorial optimisation, where quantum computing 
could provide an enormous speed-up compared to classical 
approaches. The two companies will explore cargo loading 
optimisation as a benchmark use case and use one of the world’s 
most powerful quantum computers for demonstration in 2023.
Blue sky research: Explores, validates and pushes more 
efficient early upstream technologies, which are new to Airbus, 
of strategic nature, high risk and high rewards, that will push 
the boundaries of aerospace and will lead to high business and 
societal impact. The activity is driven by three clusters: Future 
Energies (new ways to generate, convey and manage energy), 
Future Transportation (novel ways to transport people, goods 
and data), and Future Society (design for societal change). Key 
technologies that have been explored are Power Beaming 
(transfer energy over the air and space), the Metaverse and its 
applications across the aviation value chain, and Project 42, a 
model of societal reaction to future Airbus products.
Airbus Demonstrators – Airbus UpNext
Airbus UpNext is actively shaping the future of the aerospace 
industry as part of the Airbus innovation ecosystem by building 
demonstrators at speed and scale, in order to evaluate, mature 
and validate potential new products and services that embody 
radical technological breakthroughs.
In 2022 the team increased its presence in Spain with the launch 
of Airbus UpNext Spain, a wholly-owned innovation subsidiary. 
As announced in Farnborough in 2022, the team is working 
on a demonstrator called Auto’mate on autonomous air-to-air 
refuelling operations applying advancements in vision-based 
technology.
Throughout 2022, Airbus UpNext progressed with the extra-
performance wing demonstrator project focused on accelerating 
and validating technologies that will improve and optimise wing 
aerodynamics and performance for any future aircraft. This 
scaled demonstrator will integrate and fly breakthrough wing 
technologies on a Cessna Citation VII business jet platform in 
representative flight conditions. The applications of the extra-
performance wing compatible with any propulsion solution 
and aircraft configuration would reduce CO 2  emissions, thus 
contributing significantly to Airbus’ decarbonisation roadmap.
Another demonstrator in the pipe, VERTEX aims to simplify 
helicopter mission preparation and management, reduce 
helicopter pilot workload, and further increase in safety. The 
team has completed the software stack and will flight-test this 
solution in 2023.
Supporting the Airbus sustainability ambition, Airbus UpNext 
demonstrated technology readiness on key hydrogen propulsion 
solutions, enabling the launch of the ZEROe demonstrator in 
2022 to mature hydrogen combustion technology on an A380 
flight test platform. The team is also investigating contrails formed 
via hydrogen direct-burn with the Blue Condor demonstrator 
using two glider aircraft.
ASCEND, the “Advanced Superconducting and Cryogenic 
Experimental powertraiN Demonstrator” which investigates 
performance of electric propulsion systems using 
superconducting materials and cryogenic temperatures has 
produced the first physical components for testing. In this field, 
Airbus and CERN (European Organization for Nuclear Research) 
have signed a partnership to investigate the use of first generation 
cryo-cables for aircraft via  a sub-scale demonstration.
Acubed
Launched in 2015, Acubed is Airbus’ Innovation Centre in Silicon 
Valley. A project-based organisation designed for speed and 
agility, its mission is to build the future of flight now, leverage 
world-class talent within the Silicon Valley ecosystem, and to 
partner with and provide value to many different Airbus teams. 
Acubed drives high-value, high-impact innovations by focusing 
on technical domains in which Silicon Valley enjoys a clear 
competitive advantage, including artificial intelligence, autonomy, 
data analytics, rapid prototyping and digital communications. 
Acubed’s agile, highly collaborative model ensures it injects 
lasting value and expertise into Airbus while keeping a finger 
on the pulse of emerging technologies that have the power to 
transform the aviation industry.
Acubed’s current areas of exploration and maturation are closely 
aligned to Airbus’ strategic priorities and aim to help Airbus 
secure and maintain leading positions across nascent and 
established aerospace markets. Beyond its current portfolio, 
Acubed continues to explore new areas of research where it can 
develop additional value for Airbus and the industry.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 155:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.3 Other Corporate Activities
155Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
AI and Autonomy
The Wayfinder team is developing certifiable autonomous flight 
and machine learning solutions to help Airbus bring about a 
significant increase in safety and efficiency in the next generation 
of commercial aircraft. Wayfinder’s team of experts is working 
hand-in-hand with Airbus’ teams in Europe to continue to improve 
and iterate on their computer vision-based autonomous systems 
and data-driven development in order to support Airbus’ wider 
autonomy goals.
Digital Design and Manufacturing
The Advanced Digital Design and Manufacturing (“ ADAM”) team 
seeks to transform the aerospace industry through the application 
of digital innovation across design and manufacturing. Whether 
adapting manufacturing processes to gain efficiencies or to cope 
with disruptions, such as supply chain issues, ADAM develops 
solutions to reduce lead times, production costs and improve 
workflows dynamically, blending its software and hardware 
expertise.
Digital Airspace
The Unmanned Traffic Management (“UTM”) team’s work aims 
to enable autonomous and digital air traffic operations that 
ensure a safe, fair and efficient airspace. The team is doing this 
through research, simulations, operational services and industry 
collaborations. Pioneered out of Acubed, these activities are 
an integral part of the global Airbus UTM programme located 
across Europe and Singapore. The team delivers a suite of 
products for an extensible UTM ecosystem, that includes 
essential core services such as safety briefings, risk analysis and 
airspace authorisation as well as digital airspace twin simulation 
capabilities.
Quantum
Acubed is accelerating research on the application of quantum 
computing and sensing on aviation use cases to further Airbus’ 
understanding of the potential of these technologies and how 
they may be leveraged to improve operational sustainability.
Airbus China Innovation Centre (“ACIC”)
ACIC, based in Shenzhen, is the first innovation centre set 
up by the Company in China. Its mission is to fully leverage 
China’s local innovation ecosystem including talents, partners 
and resources, combined with the Company’s expertise in 
aerospace, to discover promising technologies, to identify 
solutions enabling new services, and to accelerate the delivery 
of innovation projects:
 – the manufacturing innovation team is tasked to explore 
industry 4.0 technologies to improve efficiency and safety on 
the shop floor, as well as to leverage Airbus’ industrial sites in 
China for accelerated local testing and global dissemination. 
The team is working on computer vision, Automated Guided 
Vehicles (“AGV”), 5G industrial connectivity, smart tooling, 
remote inspection, green factory and IoT. Various applications 
are handed over to business and implemented in daily 
operation;
 – the cabin experience team is tasked with providing innovation 
for the cabin and cargo of tomorrow, to enhance Airbus’ local 
cabin offering (local to local) and to increase value for Airbus 
global cabin products (from local to global). The team is working 
on broadband connectivity with 5G, a smart cabin operation 
system contributing to Airspace Link, flexible displays, IoT 
based smart applications and sustainable cabin solutions;
 – the tech lab team is working on computer vision algorithm 
development, battery scouting and testing, various types 
of sensors fit to different scenarios and fast electronics 
prototypes building. The team is also starting to engage with 
certain industry standard making organisations, to influence 
standards with aeronautic requirements.
Airbus InnovationX
Airbus InnovationX focuses on active innovation delivery and 
operates on four different levels all integrated under one “roof” 
and with a proper innovation governance at Airbus level:
 – Global technology intelligence: Explores technology trends 
across geographies to support Airbus future challenges while 
detecting the right start-ups, SMEs and companies to partner 
with;
 – Start-up engagement : Understanding the essence of the 
needs of Airbus that could be addressed to high maturity 
start-ups with the objective to speed-up the solution making 
and generating positive impact for Airbus;
 – Company building: To anticipate the trends that could disrupt 
the future of the aerospace industry and evaluate them to 
identify and incubate potential new businesses preparing to 
be accelerated within Airbus;
 – Corporate innovation : To support and guide the internal 
and external innovation ecosystem in its development, with 
the objective to increase the impact and visibility of Airbus 
as an innovative and sustainable company. Supported by 
the innovation governance and operations while fostering 
entrepreneurship and out-of-the-box thinking within Airbus’ 
own culture.
Airbus Commercial Aircraft
Airbus Commercial’s R&T activity continues to progress along 
the axes of safety, decarbonisation, operational efficiency for 
our customers, Airbus industrial efficiency and resilience and 
passengers’ experience. Technologies are delivered to current 
programmes, providing options to improve the products and 
the industrial system.
Technology bricks for future programmes are also investigated 
and matured: propulsion, wing, aircraft systems, fuselage, 
empennage, cabin, industrial, maintenance and engineering 
capabilities are examples of domains of interest. These 
technology bricks will provide part of the solution for our future 
licence to operate and our future efficiency and resilience. Their 
maturation is the object of a multi-year effort.
To give some examples of achievements in 2022:
 – the Open Fan engine project was announced during the 
Farnborough airshow to study the concept in partnership 
with engine manufacturer CFM;
 – the emissions coming out of engines using SAF measured in 
flight are providing valuable data for climate science and the 
design of future engines;
 – the Fello’Fly demonstrator project, looking at reducing CO 2  
through wake energy retrieval, was named Grand Winner 
of Aviation Week’s most prestigious Laureate Awards for 
extraordinary achievements in commercial aviation.
Low carbon technologies continue to be a strong focus. As 
part of its ambition to lead the decarbonisation of our industry, 
Airbus will continue to develop hydrogen technologies around the 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 156:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
1.3 Other Corporate Activities
156 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
propulsion and liquid hydrogen storage and distribution systems. 
Airbus has disclosed in 2022 its H2 combustion propulsion 
system flight test demonstrator with CFM (also mentioned above 
in the UpNext section) as well as its technology roadmap for 
the development of a fuel cell propulsion system. Airbus has 
also engaged in many strategic partnerships around the world 
in understanding and exploring the hydrogen ecosystem to 
support the successful entry into service of a hydrogen powered 
aircraft in 2035. This will accelerate in 2023 with more integrated 
ground testing, as well as the preparation of the forthcoming flight 
demonstrations. In parallel, different aircraft configurations will be 
explored and matured in 2023, to assess the most efficient way 
to integrate those technologies inside the aircraft. The Company 
will also continue its effort to support its customers to build their 
route-to-lower carbon operations, and to grow its partnership 
landscape for critical technology bricks and related ecosystems.
Airbus Helicopters
Significant steps forward were made in 2022 in the Research 
and Innovation department, with activities focused on the main 
demonstrators and techno-bricks.
The Flight Lab, the Airbus Helicopters’ techno bricks 
demonstrator, performed several tests in 2022:
 – engine Back-Up System function completed its demonstration 
on a single engine helicopter;
 – cable detection function using LIDAR and image processing 
operations was demonstrated.
Eye for Autonomous Guidance Landing Extension (EAGLE), based 
on a gyro-stabilised camera, using an artificial intelligence image 
processing software completed its functional demonstration.
Health function for Light Helicopters using wireless set-up was 
completely validated for further deployment.
The RACER assembly significantly progressed. Shake tests were 
successfully run and power on of the demonstrator was done. 
Main remaining component to be received to finalise assembly 
is the main gear box. With the remaining flight clearance tests, 
the first flight is now planned for the second half of 2023.
The DisruptiveLab demonstrator and its first techno-bricks were 
unveiled at the Airbus Summit. Ground tests were successfully run 
at the end of 2022 and the flight testing started in January 2023.
Airbus Defence and Space
2022 offered us the opportunity to balance the short and long-
term technologies in order to ring fence our R&T portfolio. 
This has allowed us to secure the activities focussing on 
strategic technologies, under the assumption that mastering 
those technologies will be key to maintain Airbus’ competitive 
positioning in the mid-to-long-term (e.g., Quantum, advanced 
AI applications).
It is worth mentioning the Zero Base Budgeting exercise, which 
took place in 2022 with the aim of ensuring the alignment 
between the R&T portfolio and our future challenges.
The technology flagships have been updated to align with the 
strategy and the business ambition. Currently six different 
Technology Flagships define the main capabilities and 
competences required in the Division while maintaining a full 
alignment across the programme lines and product portfolio: 
“Sustainable Aerospace”, “The future of Warfare”, “Next 
Generation Aerospace Vehicles”, “High Performance Payloads 
& On board-computers”, “End to End Information superiority” 
and “Industrial Competitiveness”.
This optimisation of the technology landscape also took into 
account the reinforcement of links between R&T and R&D, and 
emphasised technologies reaching an “adoption at the right time 
and with the right speed” by the business and the programme 
lines, once the technologies reach a maturity level that allow 
their industrialisation and insertion into a product.
In terms of the main technology achievements, we achieved 
significant progress across all flagships.
End-to-end information superiority: we have focused on 
enhancing data management for decision support. As an 
example, the TWIN project (Pléiades Neo Super Resolution 
Images) has opened the door to negotiations with Google and 
Apple.
Next generation spacecraft vehicles: we continued working on 
advanced materials and structures, human-machine interface 
and autonomy, among others . As an example, we achieved the 
handover of C295 Ergonomic Cockpit, with a cost reduction of 
€ 500 per flight hour.
High performance payloads & on-board computers: activities 
continue centred on increasing computing performance and 
increasing high throughput communication capabilities. As an 
example, the project Space Optical NAOMI has reduced by 
-50% the lead time of the NAOMI instrument automatic optical 
alignment.
Industrial competitiveness: specially linked to industrial 
performance improvement and deploying technologies related 
to the Factory of the Future. As an example, the AMANDA project 
has developed a Digital Assistant for blue collars to interact 
by voice with Manufacturing systems, or the MFOP project 
has developed a digital framework for aircraft diagnosis and 
prognosis to increase 15% fleet availability and reduce 20% 
operating costs.
Future of warfare and sustainable aerospace are two new 
flagships that will guide the ambition for the following years. 
Achievements in these fields include the development of 
algorithms for flexible coordinated formation flight (it will pave 
the way for FCAS) or the successful flight test of C295 semi-
morphing wing that reduces -43% CO2 , and -45% lower noise 
and reduction of fuel consumption.
Finally, strong efforts were placed on defining the technology 
national plans for the home countries, which will be key for the 
eco-systems footprint in the core nations, maximising the public-
private collaboration and especially focusing on the national 
customer priorities.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 157:
1. Information on the Company’s Activities / 
0101
1.4 Recent Developments
157Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
1.4  Recent Developments
On 1  February 2023, Qatar Airways and the Company 
announced they had reached an amicable and mutually 
agreeable settlement in relation to their legal dispute over A350 
surface degradation and the grounding of A350 aircraft. The 
parties have proceeded to discontinue their legal claims. The 
settlement agreement is not an admission of liability for either 
party (see “– 1.1.7 Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”). The 
parties have also agreed terms for the delivery of 50 A321 and 
23 A350 aircraft.
On 14 February 2023, the Company appointed Dr. Thomas 
Toepfer to succeed Dominik Asam as Chief Financial Officer 
on 1 September 2023. Following Dominik Asam’s departure on 
3 March 2023, Xavier Tardy, Executive Vice-President Finance 
for Airbus Defence and Space, will ensure continuity during the 
interim period in addition to his current role.
On 29 March 2023 the Company announced, after careful 
consideration, it has come to the conclusion that the potential 
acquisition of a minority stake of 29.9% in Evidian does not 
meet the Company’s objectives in the current context and 
under the current structure. Airbus therefore confirms that it 
will no longer pursue discussions, initiated in February 2023, 
with respect to the potential acquisition of a minority stake of 
29.9% in Evidian.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 158:
Chapter 
158 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 159:
02
Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results 
of Operations
2.1 Operating and Financial Review 160
2.1.1 Overview 161
2.1.2 Significant Accounting Considerations, Policies and Estimates 164
2.1.3 Performance Measures 165
2.1.4 Results of Operations 169
2.1.5 Changes in Total Equity (Including Non-Controlling Interests) 173
2.1.6 Liquidity and Capital Resources 174
2.2 Financial Statements 178
2.3 Statutory Auditor Fees 178
2.4 Information Regarding the Statutory Auditors 178
159 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 160:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
160 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
The following discussion and analysis is derived from and should be read together 
with  the  audited IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements as  of and for the years ended 
31  December 2022, 2021 and 2020. These Financial Statements have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the European Union, and with Part 9 of Book 2 
of the Dutch Civil Code. When reference is made to “IFRS”, this intends to be EU-IFRS.
The following discussion and analysis also contains certain “non-GAAP financial measures”, 
i.e. financial measures that either exclude or include amounts that are not excluded or included 
in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS. 
Specifically, the  Company makes use of the non-GAAP financial measures (i.e. Alternative 
Performance Measures) “EBIT Adjusted”, “net cash” and “Free Cash Flow”.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to assess its consolidated financial 
and operating performance and believes they are helpful in identifying trends in its performance. 
These measures enhance management’s ability to make decisions with respect to resource 
allocation and whether the Company is meeting its financial goals.
Non-GAAP financial measures have certain limitations as analytical tools, and should not be 
considered in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of  the  Company’s results as reported 
under IFRS. Because of these limitations, they should not be considered substitutes for the 
relevant IFRS measures.
The Company also measures and communicates its performance on the basis of “EBIT” 
(reported).
Reporting in Universal Registration Document 2022
Macroeconomic environment.  In 2022, the Company has been operating in an adverse 
macroeconomic environment in light of high inflation, energy crisis, increasing interest rates, 
but also remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. For further information, please refer to 
“Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 3: Macroeconomic Environment”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 161:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
161Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.1.1 Exchange Rate Information
The financial information presented in this document is expressed in euro, US dollar or pound sterling. The following table sets 
out, for the periods indicated, certain information concerning the exchange rate between the euro, the US dollar and the pound 
sterling, calculated using the official European Central Bank fixing rate:
Average Year-end
€/US$ €/£ €/US$ €/£
31 December 2020 1.1422 0.8897 1.2271 0.8990
31 December 2021 1.1827 0.8596 1.1326 0.8403
31 December 2022 1.0530 0.8528 1.0667 0.8869
2.1.1.2 Reportable Business Segments
In 2022, the Company operated in three reportable business 
segments which reflect the internal organisational and 
management structure according to the nature of the products 
and services provided.
 – Airbus – Development, manufacturing, marketing and sale 
of commercial jet passenger aircraft of more than 100 seats, 
freighter aircraft and regional turboprop aircraft and aircraft 
components; aircraft conversion and related services. It also 
includes the holding function of the Company and its bank 
activities.
 – Airbus Helicopters – Development, manufacturing, marketing 
and sale of civil and military helicopters; provision of helicopter 
related services.
 – Airbus Defence and Space  – Military Aircraft design, 
development, delivery, and support of military aircraft such 
as combat, mission, transport and tanker aircraft and their 
associated services. Space Systems design, development, 
delivery, and support of full range of civil and defence 
space systems for telecommunications, earth observations, 
navigation, science and orbital systems. Connected Intelligence 
provision of services around data processing from platforms, 
secure communication and cyber security. Unmanned Aerial 
Systems design, development, delivery and service support. 
In addition, the main joint ventures design, develop, deliver, 
and support missile systems and space launcher systems.
On 1 January 2022, Airbus Atlantic, a wholly-owned Airbus 
subsidiary, was established. The new company groups the 
strengths, resources and skills of Airbus’s sites in Nantes and 
Montoir-de-Bretagne, the central functions associated with their 
activities, as well as the STELIA Aerospace sites worldwide. 
This unification is part of the transformation project announced 
in April  2021, aimed at strengthening the value chain of 
aerostructure assembly within Airbus’s industrial setup.
In addition, Airbus Aerostructures GmbH was established on 
1 July 2022. The new wholly-owned Airbus subsidiary manages 
and delivers large structural components to Airbus. It includes 
four production sites in Germany: the Hamburg plant and 
headquarters, the plant in Stade, and the former Premium 
AEROTEC plants of Nordenham and Bremen. Adjacent Premium 
AEROTEC sites in Augsburg, Varel and Braşov will initially remain 
in Premium AEROTEC GmbH and are planned to undergo 
restructuring and, upon successful restructuring, to be integrated 
into Airbus Aerostructures GmbH by 30 June 2025.
These have no impact on the segment structure described 
above.
Consolidation effects are reported in the column “Eliminations”.
2.1.1.3 Significant Programme 
Developments in 2020, 2021 and 
2022 and Other Financial Topics
A320 programme.  On 8 April 2020, the Company announced 
its decision to adapt commercial aircraft production rates to 40 
per month for the A320 Family in response to the new COVID-19 
market environment. In 2020, 431 A320neo Family aircraft were 
delivered. On A320, production rates were foreseen to gradually 
increase from 40 aircraft per month currently to 43 in the third 
quarter and 45 in the fourth quarter 2021.
In 2021, 459 A320neo Family aircraft were delivered. On 
28 October 2021, the Company announced that it was working 
to secure the A320 Family programme ramp up and was on 
trajectory to achieve a monthly rate of 65 aircraft by summer 
2023.
In 2022, 516 A320 Family aircraft were delivered. On the A320 
Family programme, the ramp-up trajectory has been adapted 
with suppliers. The Company is now progressing towards a 
monthly production rate of 65 aircraft by the end of 2024 and 
75 in 2026. Entry-into-service for the A321XLR is expected to 
take place in Q2 2024.
2.1.1 Overview
The Company constantly innovates to provide efficient and 
technologically-advanced solutions in aerospace, defence, 
and connected services. In commercial aircraft, Airbus offers 
modern and fuel-efficient airliners and associated services. 
The Company is also a European leader in defence, security 
and space businesses. In helicopters, the Company provides 
civil and military rotorcraft solutions and services worldwide. 
The  Company’s consolidated revenues amounted to € 58.8 billion 
in 2022, of which 80% in the civil sector (compared to 82% in 
2021) and 20% in the defence sector (compared to 18% in 2021). 
As of 31 December 2022, the Company’s active headcount 
was 134,267  employees, an increase compared to 2021 
(126,495 employees).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 162:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
162 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
A350 programme.  On 8 April 2020, the Company announced 
its decision to adapt commercial aircraft production rates to six 
per month for A350 in response to the new COVID-19 market 
environment. Subsequently, the rate for A350 was further 
reduced to around five per month. In 2020, 59 A350 aircraft 
were delivered. Given the significant production rate reduction, 
the A350 programme did not reach breakeven with this level 
of deliveries.
In 2021, 55 A350 aircraft were delivered. On 28 October 2021, 
the Company announced the A350 programme is expected 
to increase from around five to around six aircraft a month in 
early 2023.
In 2022, 60 ( 1)  A350 aircraft were delivered. The A350 monthly 
rate is now around six aircraft. In order to meet growing demand 
for widebody aircraft as international air travel recovers, and 
following a feasibility study with the supply chain, the Company 
is now targeting a monthly production rate of nine A350s at the 
end of 2025.
A400M programme. Developments on the A400M programme 
resulted in the recognition of revenues of €  1.6  billion in 
2020 , € 1.4 billion in 2021 and € 1.8 billion in 2022.
In 2020, the Company has delivered nine aircraft. An update 
of the contract estimate at completion was performed and a 
charge of € 63 million recorded reflecting mainly the variation of 
price escalation indexes.
In 2021, the Company has delivered eight aircraft. The COVID-19 
pandemic weighed on the performance of development, 
production, flight testing, aircraft delivery and retrofit activities 
of the programme. In 2021, an update of the contract estimate 
at completion has been performed and an additional charge of 
€ 212 million has been recorded. This reflects mainly the updated 
estimates on the delivery pattern of the launch contract and the 
associated impact on unabsorbed costs.
As of 31 December 2022, the Company has delivered a total of 
115 A400M aircraft including 10 aircraft in 2022. The Company 
has continued with development activities toward achieving the 
revised capability roadmap. Retrofit activities are progressing in 
close alignment with the customer. In 2022, an update of the 
contract Estimate At Completion has been performed and an 
additional charge of € 477 million recorded. This mainly reflects 
updated assumptions, including inflation and risks related to 
the remaining SOC3 contractual development milestones to 
be achieved.
Risks remain on the qualification of technical capabilities and 
associated costs, on aircraft operational reliability, on cost 
reductions and on securing export orders in time as per the 
revised baseline.
A330 programme.  In 2020, 19  A330 were delivered. On 
8 April 2020, the Company announced its decision to reduce 
commercial aircraft production rates to around two per month 
for A330 in response to the new COVID-19 market environment.
In 2021, 18 A330 were delivered. On 28 October 2021, the 
Company announced that the recent commercial success of 
the A330 programme enabled a monthly rate increase from 
around two to almost three aircraft at the end of 2022.
In 2022, 32 A330 were delivered. The A330 monthly production 
rate increased to around three at the end of 2022 as planned and 
the Company now targets to reach rate four in 2024.
A220 programme.  In 2020, 38 A220 aircraft were delivered. 
Rates were expected to increase from four to five aircraft per 
month from the end of the first quarter 2021.
In 2021, 50 A220 aircraft were delivered. On 28 October 2021, 
the Company announced the A220 production rate, which was 
at five aircraft a month, was expected to increase to around rate 
six per month in early 2022.
In 2022, 53 A220 aircraft were delivered and the monthly rate 
of 14 is envisaged by the middle of the decade.
A380 programme.  Airbus delivered the last five A380 aircraft 
in 2021 and four in 2020.
As of 31 December 2018, the Company’s largest A380 operator 
reviewed its aircraft fleet strategy going forward and concluded 
it was forced to restructure and reduce its A380 order by 39 
aircraft. As a consequence, the recognition of the onerous 
contract provision as well as other specific provisions and 
the remeasurement of the liabilities affected the consolidated 
income statement before taxes by a net € 463 million in EBIT (2)  
and positively impacted the other financial result by € 177 million 
as of 31 December 2018.
As a consequence and in addition to the net charge recorded 
in 2018, the Company recorded a net charge of € 385 million 
in EBIT in 2020 and of € 202 million in 2019, as part of its 
continuous assessment of asset recoverability and review of 
onerous contract provision assumptions. In 2021, a positive 
EBIT impact of € 274 million was recorded, mainly reflecting 
the release of provision recorded in 2018 on the former A380 
Lagardère facility that will be used for the modernised A320 FAL.
Defence export ban. Defence export licences to Saudi Arabia 
were suspended by the German Government until 31 March 
2020 and are awaiting renewal. A revised Estimate at Completion 
(EAC) for a customer contract was performed as of 31 December 
2020, and the Company continues to engage with its customer 
to agree a way forward. The outcome of these negotiations is 
presently unclear but could result in further significant financial 
impacts. The year-end 2020 assessment remains unchanged 
as of 31 December 2021.
In 2022, the Company updated its contract EAC which confirmed 
the 2021 position. The Company continues to engage with its 
customer to agree a way forward. The outcome of these actions 
is presently unclear but could result in further significant financial 
impacts.
Going concern and associated liquidity measures.  
On 23 March 2020, the Company announced measures to 
bolster its liquidity and balance sheet in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, including a new € 15 billion credit facility partially 
termed out by bond and USPP issuances whereas the remaining 
portion matured on 30 September 2021, the withdrawal of 2019 
dividend proposal with cash value of € 1.4 billion, the suspension 
of voluntary top up pension funding and strong focus on support 
to customers and delivery. In parallel, governmental partners 
supported the aerospace sector since the beginning of the 
(1) After a reduction of two aircraft previously recorded as sold in December 2021 for which a transfer was not possible due to international sanctions against Russia.
(2) The Company continues to use the term EBIT. EBIT is identical to profit before financial result and income taxes.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 163:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
163Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
crisis either through direct support to airlines and suppliers, or 
through partial unemployment schemes. With these decisions, 
the Company had available liquidity to cope with additional 
cash requirements, including the amended production rates 
as described above. As of 31 December 2020, the Company 
had a net cash position of € 4.7 (3 )  billion with a total liquidity of 
€  33.6 billion, before deducting short-term financing liabilities.
As of 31 December 2021, the Company had a net cash position 
of € 7.7 (3)  billion with a total liquidity of €  28.7 billion, before 
deducting short-term financing liabilities. As of 31 December 
2021, management considers the Company has sufficient 
resources to continue operating for at least 12 months and that 
there are no material uncertainties about the Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern.
As of 31 December 2022, the Company had a net cash position 
of €  9.4 (3)  billion with a total liquidity of €  31.6 billion, before 
deducting short-term financing liabilities. As of 31 December 
2022, management considers the Company has sufficient 
resources to continue operating for at least 12 months and that 
there are no material uncertainties about the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. For further information on liquidity, 
see “– 2.1.6 Liquidity and Capital Resources”.
Restructuring provisions.  In June 2020, Airbus announced 
plans to adapt its global workforce, principally in France, 
Germany, Spain and the UK, and resize its commercial aircraft 
activity in response to the COVID-19 crisis. This adaptation was 
expected to result in a reduction of around 15,000 positions no 
later than summer 2021. Working time adaptation and mitigation 
measures supported by the governments have reduced the 
number of positions subject to the restructuring plan. Taking 
into consideration the actual departures since the initial 
announcement, the remaining number of positions subject to 
the restructuring plan amounted to approximately 6,100 as of 
31 December 2020, including pre-retirement headcount under 
German Altersteilzeit (“ATZ”). In addition, Airbus Defence and 
Space completed the consultation process with the Company’s 
European works council on the Division’s planned restructuring. 
The plan presented to the employee representatives initially 
foresaw the reduction of around 1,900 positions including pre-
retirement headcount under ATZ until the end of 2021. However 
this number was also subsequently reduced to approximately 
1,400 positions reflecting departures which occurred after 
the initial announcement. In November 2020, a reconciliation 
of Interest Agreement involving approximately 100 positions 
was signed in Germany within Airbus Helicopters and hence, 
a provision has been recorded accordingly. As of 30 September 
2020, a restructuring provision was recognised for an amount of 
€ 1.2 billion including mainly the cost of voluntary and compulsory 
measures taking into account management’s best estimate of 
the impact of the working time adaptation and government 
support measures. Total payments to employees affected by 
the plan were expected to amount to approximately € 1.5 billion, 
including the settlement of other accrued employee benefits.
As of 31  December 2021 and 31  December 2020, the 
restructuring provision in response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
amounted to € 0.1 billion and € 1.0 billion respectively. It reflects 
the utilisation of the restructuring provision for an amount of 
€ 0.6 billion, the release of € 0.2 billion and € 0.2 billion reclassified 
to liabilities to reflect the progress of the plan.
As of 31 December 2022, there was no material impact.
Operational assets.  As of 31 December 2020 and in response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company performed a 
comprehensive review of its operational assets and liabilities 
taking into account the amended production rates and expected 
future deliveries. This review resulted in charges being recorded 
in 2020 for an amount of € 1.3 billion, including an impairment 
of inventories considered at risk of €  355 million, additional 
provisions relating to A380 programme of € 279 million, a write-
off of capitalised development costs of € 101 million, provisions 
for supplier commitments of € 157 million and provisions covering 
various commercial risks of approximately € 401 million.
As of 31 December 2021, year-to-date financials reflect deliveries 
as well as efforts on cost containment and competitiveness. 
Furthermore, the Company has performed a comprehensive 
review of provisions and depreciations, taking into account 
the amended production rates and expected future deliveries. 
Consequently, the Company recorded € 0.6 billion of release of 
COVID-related provisions including restructuring in 2021.
As of 31  December 2022 and as a consequence of the 
Ukraine crisis, the resulting recorded EBIT charge amounts to 
approximately € 0.1 billion, mainly relating to Airbus.
Litigation. For information, see “– Information on the Company’s 
Activities – 1.1.7 Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”  and “Notes 
to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 25: 
Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities”.
2.1.1.4 Current Trends
As the basis for its 2023 guidance, the Company assumes no 
additional disruptions to the world economy, air traffic, the supply 
chain, the Company’s internal operations, and its ability to deliver 
products and services. The Company’s 2023 guidance is before 
M&A.
On that basis, the Company targets to achieve in 2023 around: 
720 commercial aircraft deliveries; EBIT Adjusted of €  6.0 billion; 
and Free Cash Flow before M&A and Customer Financing of 
€ 3.0 billion.
This guidance has been prepared on the basis of certain 
assumptions, including the principal assumptions as set out 
below. The principal assumptions within the Company’s control 
are as follows: (a) underlying commercial aircraft deliveries are 
based on existing orders. Revenues from other activities are 
also based on existing orders and may include estimates based 
on relevant market forecasts; (b) no significant interruption in 
operational performance or programme execution; (c) no 
disruption in or change to the development of products or 
other development projects; and (d) no material change to the 
Company’s existing capital structure.
The principal assumptions outside the Company’s control are 
as follows: (a) no material change in general trading conditions, 
geopolitical stability, military tensions, economic conditions, 
competitive environment or levels of demand which would 
materially affect the Company’s business; (b) the Company’s 
internal operations do not suffer further disruptions or from 
external interruptions; (c) suppliers will meet their delivery 
commitments and ensure maturity, availability and in-service 
( 3 ) The Company has decided to refine the net cash definition to include interest rate contracts related to fair value hedges, which is also reflected in the 2022 balance.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 164:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
164 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.2 Significant Accounting Considerations, Policies and Estimates
The  Company’s significant accounting considerations, 
policies and estimates are described in the Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements. Please refer to the “Notes to 
the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 4: Significant 
Accounting Policies”, “– Note 5: Key Estimates and Judgements” 
and “– Note 6: Change in Accounting Policies and Disclosures”.
2.1.2.1 Scope of and Changes 
in Consolidation
For further information on the scope of and changes in 
consolidation as well as acquisitions and disposals of interests 
in business, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated 
Financial Statements – Note 8: Scope of Consolidation” and 
“– Note 9: Acquisitions and Disposals”.
2.1.2.2 Capitalised Development Costs
Pursuant to the application of IAS  38 “Intangible Assets”, 
the Company assesses whether product-related development 
costs qualify for capitalisation as internally generated intangible 
assets. Criteria for capitalisation are strictly applied. All research 
and development costs not meeting the IAS 38 criteria are 
expensed as incurred in the consolidated income statement. 
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 4: Significant Accounting Policies” and 
“– Note 20: Intangible Assets”.
2.1.2.3 Impairment of Long-Life Assets, 
Work in Progress and Finished 
Aircraft
In testing long-life assets such as jigs and tools and capitalised 
development costs for impairment, the Company makes 
estimates on the number and timing of aircraft units to be delivered 
in the future, the margin of these aircraft, and the discount rate 
associated with the aircraft programme. For aircraft that may 
need to be remarketed, the impairment of working progress and 
finished aircraft is assessed based on an estimation of the future 
selling price and associated remarketing costs. Please refer to 
the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – 
Note 4: Significant Accounting Policies”, “– Note 20: Intangible 
Assets” and “– Note 24: Inventories”.
2.1.2.4 Accounting for Hedged Foreign 
Exchange Transactions in 
the Financial Statements
In 2022, more than 70% of the Company’s revenues are 
denominated in US dollars, with around 60% of such currency 
exposure “naturally hedged” by US dollar-denominated costs. 
The remainder of costs are incurred primarily in euros, and to 
a lesser extent, in pounds sterling. Consequently, to the extent 
that the Company does not cover its net current and future 
exchange rate exposure from the time of a customer order to 
the time of delivery, its profits will be affected by market changes 
in the exchange rate of the US dollar against these currencies, 
and to a lesser extent, by market changes in the exchange rate 
of pound sterling against the euro.
The Company uses hedging strategies to manage and minimise 
the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on its profits, including 
foreign exchange derivative contracts and other non-derivative 
financial assets or liabilities denominated in a foreign currency. As 
the Company intends to generate profits only from its operations 
and not through speculation on foreign currency exchange rate 
movements, the Company uses hedging strategies solely to 
mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on its EBIT.
Moreover, to further mitigate the impact of exchange rate 
fluctuations on its profits, the Company enters into euro 
conversion agreements with its customers to convert fully or 
partially the payment from US dollar into euro based on an 
agreed conversion rate. Such agreements are implemented on 
an exceptional basis and at the specific request of the customer.
For further information on the Company’s coverage strategies 
in response to its particular exposures, see “– 2.1.3.3. EBIT by 
Business Segment”.
2.1.2.5 Foreign Currency Translation
For information on transactions in currencies other than the 
functional currency of the Company and translation differences 
for other assets and liabilities of the Company denominated 
in foreign currencies, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note  4: Significant 
Accounting Policies”.
Currency Translation Mismatch
Customer advances (and the corresponding revenues recorded 
when sales recognition occurs) are translated at the exchange 
rate prevailing on the date they are received (historical rates of 
customer advances). US dollar-denominated costs are converted 
at the exchange rate prevailing on the date they are incurred 
(historical rates of US dollar-denominated costs). To the extent 
performance; (d) no material change in the ability or willingness 
of our customers to meet their contractual obligations, including 
payment obligations to the Company; (e) no changes in the 
legislative or regulatory environment which could have a material 
effect on the Company; and (f) no adverse outcome to any 
material litigation or investigation.
This guidance has been prepared on a basis consistent with the 
accounting policies adopted by the Company and is comparable 
with the Company’s historical financial information.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 165:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
165Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.3 Performance Measures
2.1.3.1 Business segments
Airbus
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Revenue 41,428 36,164 34,250
EBIT 4,800 4,175 (1,330)
in % of revenue 11.6% 11.5% (3.9%)
Airbus Helicopters
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Revenue 7,0 48 6,509 6,251
EBIT 639 535 455
in % of revenue 9.1% 8.2% 7.3%
Airbus Defence and Space
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Revenue 11,259 10,186 10,446
EBIT (118) 568 408
in % of revenue (1.0%) 5.6% 3.9%
those historical rates and the amounts received and paid differ, 
there is a foreign currency exchange impact (mismatch) on 
EBIT. Additionally, the magnitude of any such difference, and 
the corresponding impact on EBIT, is sensitive to variations in 
the number of deliveries and spot rate (€/US$).
2.1.2.6 Accounting for Sales Financing 
Transactions in the Financial 
Statements
The accounting treatment of sales financing transactions 
varies based on the nature of the financing transaction and 
the resulting exposure. Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 22: Other Investments 
and Other Long-Term Financial Assets”, “– Note 25: Provisions, 
Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities” and “– Note 28: 
Sales Financing Transactions”.
For further information on the significance of sales financing 
transactions for the Company, see “– 2.1.6.4 Sales Financing”.
2.1.2.7 Provisions for Onerous Contracts
Provisions for onerous contracts are reviewed and reassessed 
regularly. However, future changes in the assumptions used by 
the Company or a change in the underlying circumstances may 
lead to a revaluation of past provisions for onerous contracts 
and have a corresponding positive or negative effect on 
the Company’s future financial performance. Please refer to 
the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – 
Note 4: Significant Accounting Policies – Provisions for onerous 
contracts” and “– Note 25: Provisions, Contingent Assets and 
Contingent Liabilities”.
2.1.3.2 Order Intake and Order Backlog
Year-end order backlog consists of contracts signed up to 
that date. Only firm orders are included in calculating the order 
backlog for commercial aircraft and civil helicopters. A firm 
order is defined as one for which the Company receives a down 
payment on a definitive contract. Defence-related orders are 
included in the backlog upon enforcement of the signed contract. 
Commitments under defence “umbrella” or “framework” 
agreements by governmental customers are not included in 
backlog until the Company is officially notified.
The total order backlog and order intake represent the aggregate 
amount of the net transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied 
and partially unsatisfied performance obligations to the 
Company’s customers. Backlog commitments are relative to 
the Company’s enforceable contracts with its customers where 
it is probable that the consideration will be collected. Contractual 
rebates, engine concessions and variable considerations are 
taken into account for measurement. Contracts stipulated in a 
currency different from the presentation currency are translated 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 166:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
166 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
to euro using the spot rate as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 
2020, respectively. Adjustments to the value of the order backlog 
could result from changes in the transaction price. Options are 
not considered in the valuation of order intake and order backlog. 
The order backlog will mainly be released into revenue over a 
period of eight years.
2022 compared to 2021.  The € 50.8 billion increase in order 
backlog to € 449.2 billion (2021: € 398.4 billion) mainly reflected 
the book-to-bill above one and the strengthening of the US dollar.
Airbus’ backlog increased by € 45.3 billion to € 390.4 billion, 
corresponding to a book-to-bill ratio in units significantly above 
one (calculated using units of new net orders, i.e. new net orders 
in units divided by deliveries in units) and the strengthening 
of the US dollar. Total order backlog at Airbus amounted to 
7,239 aircraft at the end of 2022 (as compared to 7,082 aircraft 
at the end of 2021). Order intake consisted of 820 net orders 
in 2022 (as compared to 507 in 2021), comprising 770 net firm 
orders of the A320 Family, 105 A220s, 10 A350s partly offset 
by higher cancellations than orders on the A330s.
Airbus Helicopters’ backlog increased by € 2.8 billion to 
€ 20.8 billion, achieving a book-to-bill ratio above one both in 
units and value. Total order backlog amounted to 757 helicopters 
at the end of 2022 (as compared to 739 helicopters at the end 
of 2021). Airbus Helicopters received 362 net orders in 2022 (as 
compared to 414 in 2021). Helicopter orders were well spread 
across programmes and included 12 H160s.
Airbus Defence and Space’s backlog increased by € 2.3 billion 
to € 38.4 billion and the book-to-bill ratio in value amounted 
to around 1.2 with new net orders of € 13.7 billion, including 
key orders in Demonstrator Phase 1B of the Future Combat Air 
System, the Eurodrone unmanned aerial system and 20 latest-
generation Eurofighters for the Spanish Air Force.
2021 compared to 2020.  The € 25.3 billion increase in order 
backlog to € 398.4 billion (2020: € 373.1 billion) mainly reflected 
the strengthening US dollar.
Airbus’ backlog increased by € 20.4 billion to € 345.1 billion. The 
book-to-bill ratio in units was below one (calculated using units of 
new net orders, i.e.  new net orders in units divided by deliveries 
in units). Total order backlog at Airbus amounted to 7,082 aircraft 
at the end of 2021 (as compared to 7,184 aircraft at the end 
of 2020). Order intake consisted of 507 net orders in 2021 (as 
compared to 268 in 2020), comprising 437 net firm orders of 
the A320 Family, 38 A220s and 32 widebodies, including the 
first A350 Freighter orders.
Airbus Helicopters’ backlog increased by € 2.2 billion to 
€ 18.0 billion, achieving a book-to-bill ratio well above one 
in terms of units and value. Total order backlog amounted 
to 739  helicopters at the end of 2021 (as compared to 
663 helicopters at the end of 2020). Airbus Helicopters received 
414 net orders in 2021 (as compared to 268 in 2020), including 
52 H160s, of which 30 were the first batch of H160M military 
versions for France’s Joint Light Helicopter programme.
ORDER INTAKE
2022 2021 2020
(In € billion) (In percentage) (1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1)
Airbus 59.7 72.2% 40.0 64.3% 16.1 48.1%
Airbus Helicopters 9.3 11.2% 8.6 13.7% 5.5 16.4%
Airbus Defence and Space 13.7 16.6% 13.7 22.0% 11.9 35.5%
Subtotal segmental order intake 82.7 100% 62.2 100% 33.5 100%
Eliminations (0.2) (0.2) (0.2)
Total 82.5 62.0 33.3
(1)  Before “Eliminations”.
ORDER BACKLOG
31 December
2022 2021 2020
(In € billion) (In percentage) (1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1)
Airbus 390. 5 86.9% 345.1 86.4% 324.7 86.8%
Airbus Helicopters 20.8 4.6% 18.0 4.5% 15.8 4.2%
Airbus Defence and Space 38.4 8.5% 36.1 9.1% 33.5 9.0%
Subtotal segmental order backlog 449. 7 100% 399.2 100% 374.0 100%
Eliminations (0.4) (0.8) (0.9)
Total 449.2 398.4 373.1
(1)  Before “Eliminations”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 167:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
167Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Airbus Defence and Space’s backlog increased by € 2.6 billion 
to € 36.1 billion and the book-to-bill ratio in value amounted to 
1.3 with new net orders of € 13.7 billion, including key orders in 
the Military Aircraft business such as the contracts for the in-
service support of the German and Spanish Eurofighter fleets 
as well as export contracts for the C295 (India), A330 MRTT 
(United Arab Emirates and Spain) and A400M airlifter (Republic 
of Kazakhstan).
The following table illustrates the proportion of civil and defence backlog at the end of each of the past three years.
31 December
2022 2021 2020
(In € billion) (In percentage) (1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1)
Civil sector 402.0 89% 355.3 89% 334.5 90%
Defence sector 47.2 11% 43.1 11% 38.6 10%
Total 449.2 100% 398.4 100% 373.1 100%
(1)  Including “Eliminations”.
2.1.3.3 EBIT by Business Segment
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Airbus 4,800 4,175 (1,330)
Airbus Helicopters 639 535 455
Airbus Defence and Space (118) 568 408
Subtotal segmental EBIT 5,321 5,278 (467)
Eliminations 4 64 (43)
Total 5,325 5,342 (510)
2022 compared to 2021.  The Company’s consolidated EBIT 
remained stable at € 5.3 billion for both 2022 and 2021, mainly 
driven by Airbus.
Airbus’ EBIT increased from € 4.2 billion for 2021 to € 4.8 billion 
for 2022. This mainly reflects the higher commercial aircraft 
deliveries and is supported by some non-recurring elements 
related to the re-measurement of past service cost in the 
retirement obligations, the release of compliance-related 
provisions and a positive foreign exchange impact, partly offset 
by contract-related provisions and exceptional premium granted 
to employees. In 2021, it included the release of COVID-related 
provisions, including restructuring provision.
Airbus Helicopters’ EBIT increased from € 535 million for 2021 
to € 639 million for 2022, mainly driven by higher services and 
programme execution. It also included the positive impact related 
to retirement obligations.
Airbus Defence and Space’s EBIT decreased from € 568 million 
for 2021 to € -118 million for 2022, reflecting the impairment 
related to the loss of two Pleiades Neo satellites in December 
and to delays on the Ariane 6 launcher, as well as the impact 
of updated assumptions in the A400M programme, including 
inflation and risks related to the remaining SOC3 contractual 
development milestones to be achieved. This was partly offset 
by higher volume in Military Aircraft, the ramp-up in Eurodrone 
and the positive impact related to retirement obligations.
2021 compared to 2020.  The Company’s consolidated EBIT 
increased from € -0.5 billion for 2020 to € 5.3 billion for 2021, 
mainly driven by Airbus.
Airbus’ EBIT increased from € -1.3 billion for 2020 to € 4.2 billion 
for 2021. This mainly reflects the higher commercial aircraft 
deliveries, effort on cost containment and competitiveness as 
well as the release of COVID-related provisions in 2021 compared 
to the recording of charges triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic 
in 2020, including restructuring provision.
Airbus Helicopters’ EBIT increased from € 455 million for 2020 
to € 535 million for 2021, mainly driven by support and services, 
programme execution and cost focus.
Airbus Defence and Space’s EBIT increased from € 408 million 
for 2020 to € 568 million for 2021, reflecting continued cost 
containment. Additionally, it includes the gain recognised for 
the sale of one of its sites in France to a 50% joint venture of 
€ 122 million and higher A400M programme charge.
Foreign currency impact on EBIT. In 2022, more than 70% 
of the Company’s revenues are denominated in US dollars 
with approximately 60% of such currency exposure “naturally 
hedged” by US dollar-denominated costs. The remainder of 
costs are incurred primarily in euros and to a lesser extent, 
pounds sterling. Given the long-term nature of its business 
cycles (evidenced by its multi-year backlog), the Company covers 
a significant portion of its net foreign exchange exposure to 
mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on its EBIT. 
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 38: Financial Instruments” and see “– Risk 
Factors – 1. Financial Market Risks – Foreign Currency Exposure” 
and “– 2.1.2.5 Foreign Currency Translation”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 168:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
168 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.3.4 EBIT Adjusted
The Company uses an alternative performance measure  EBIT Adjusted  as a key indicator capturing the underlying business 
margin by excluding material charges or profits caused by movements in provisions related to programmes, restructurings or foreign 
exchange impacts as well as capital gains/losses from the disposal and acquisition of businesses.
The following table reconciles the Company’s EBIT with its EBIT Adjusted.
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
EBIT 5,325 5,342 (510)
PDP mismatch / BS revaluation (308) 38 480
A380 programme (28) (274) 385
A400M charge 477 212 63
Compliance costs 75 65 87
Non-current assets disposal(1) 0 (122) 0
M&A impact (4) 0 2
Restructuring(2) 62 (163) 1,199
Payments by suppliers 0 (234) 0
Others 28 1 0
EBIT Adjusted 5,627 4,865 1,706
(1) Included gain from divestment of one of its sites in France to a 50% joint venture in 2021.
(2) Included Aerostructures transformation costs (€ 0.1 billion) in 2022, release of restructuring provision (€ 0.2 billion) in 2021 initially recognised in 2020 (€ 1.2 billion).
2.1.3.5 EBIT Adjusted by Business Segment
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Airbus 4,600 3,570 618
Airbus Helicopters 639 535 471
Airbus Defence and Space 384 696 660
Subtotal segmental EBIT Adjusted 5,623 4,801 1,749
Eliminations 4 64 (43)
Total 5,627 4,865 1,706
In order to do so, the Company primarily uses two mechanisms:
 – Financial instruments represented by the hedge portfolio, made 
of foreign exchange derivative contracts, which constitutes 
the main means of minimising the impact of exchange rate 
fluctuations on Company’s profit.
 – Euro conversion, on an exceptional basis and at the specific 
request of the customers. It consists of the conversion of 
the full or partial payment from US dollar into euro based on 
an agreed conversion rate and is accounted for in the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements as a contract in euros.
In addition to the impact that coverage activities have on the 
Company’s EBIT, the latter is also affected by the impact of 
revaluation of certain assets and liabilities at the closing rate 
and the impact of natural hedging.
Since 2022 and going-forward, the Company has presented its 
matured hedge portfolio and euro conversion on a blended basis 
and therefore blended rates reflect both the EBIT impact of hedge 
rates of the US dollar hedge portfolio and euro conversions.
During 2022, US$ 20.3 billion of forwards matured and euro 
conversion realised at an average blended rate of €/US$ 1.22.
During 2021, US$ 21.8 billion of forwards matured and euro 
conversion realised at an average blended rate of €/US$ 1.21, 
as compared to €/US$ 1.20 in 2020.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 169:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
169Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.4 Results of Operations
The following table summarises the Company ’s IFRS Consolidated Income Statements for the past three years:
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Revenue 58,763 52,149 49,912
Cost of sales (48,192) (42,518) (44,250)
Gross margin 10,571 9,631 5,662
Selling and administrative expenses (2,240) (2,052) (2,140)
Research and development expenses (3,079) (2,746) (2,858)
Other income 471 594 132
Other expenses (590) (201) (1,458)
Share of profit from investments accounted for under the equity 
method and other income from investments 192 116 152
Profit (Loss) before finance costs and income taxes 5,325 5,342 (510)
Interest result (232) (246) (271)
Other financial result (18) (69) (349)
Income taxes (939) (853) (39)
Profit (Loss) for the period 4,136 4,174 (1,169)
Attributable to
Equity owners of the parent (Net income) 4,247 4,213 (1,133)
Non-controlling interests (111) (39) (36)
Earnings per share € € €
Basic 5.40 5.36 (1.45)
Diluted 5.39 5.36 (1.45)
2.1.4.1 Revenues
The following table presents a breakdown of the Company’s revenues by Business segment for the past three years:
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Airbus 41,428 36,164 34,250
Airbus Helicopters 7,0 48 6,509 6,251
Airbus Defence and Space 11,259 10,186 10,446
Subtotal segmental revenue 59,735 52,859 50,947
Eliminations (972) (710) (1,035)
Total 58,763 52,149 49,912
Revenues increased by 12.7%, from € 52.1 billion for 2021 to 
€ 58.8 billion for 2022. The increase is mainly driven by higher 
aircraft deliveries of 661 aircraft (in 2021: 611 aircraft) and higher 
contributions from Airbus Defence and Space and Airbus 
Helicopters. It also reflects a positive foreign exchange impact 
at Airbus.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 170:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
170 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Airbus’ revenues increased by 14.4%, from € 36.2 billion for 2021 
to € 41.4 billion for 2022. This reflected higher aircraft deliveries of 
661 aircraft (compared to 611 deliveries in 2021) and a positive 
foreign exchange impact.
For 2021, Airbus’ revenues increased by 5.6%, from € 34.3 billion 
for 2020 to € 36.2 billion for 2021. This reflected higher deliveries 
of 611 aircraft (compared to 566 deliveries in 2020), partly offset 
by an unfavourable foreign exchange impact.
For 2021, revenues increased by 4.5%, from € 49.9 billion for 2020 to € 52.1 billion for 2021. The increase was mainly driven by 
Airbus, reflecting higher aircraft deliveries partly offset by an unfavourable foreign exchange impact.
Revenue by Geographical Areas
2022 2021 2020
(In € billion) (In percentage) (1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1) (In € billion) (In percentage)(1)
Asia/Pacific 15.4 26.2% 16.0 30.6% 13.1 26.3%
Europe 24.3 41.3% 19.5 37.4% 20.3 40.7%
North America 13.5 23.0% 10.5 20.2% 8.7 17.4%
Other countries(2) 5.6 9.5% 6.1 11.8% 7.8 15.6%
Total 58.8 100% 52.1 100% 49.9 100%
(1) Percentage of total revenue after eliminations.
(2)  Including the Middle East.
Airbus
The following table presents a breakdown of deliveries of commercial aircraft by product type for the past three years.
(In units) 2022 2021 2020
A220 53 50 38
A320 Family 516 483 446
A330 32 18 (2) 19
A350 60 (1) 55 59
A380 0 5 4
Total 661 611 566
(1) After a reduction of two aircraft previously recorded as sold in December 2021 for which a transfer was not possible due to international sanctions against Russia.
(2) Two A330s delivered on operating lease.
Airbus Helicopters
The following table presents a breakdown of deliveries of helicopters by product type for the past three years.
(In units) 2022 2021 2020
Light 167 159 123
Medium 123 121 126
Heavy 54 58 50
thereof NH90 28 27 28
Tiger 0 0 1
Total 344 338 300
Airbus Helicopters’ revenues amounted to € 7.0 billion in 2022 
(2021: € 6.5 billion). This increase reflected growth in services 
and a favourable mix in programmes.
Airbus Helicopters’ revenues amounted to € 6.5 billion in 2021 
(2020: € 6.3 billion). This increase reflected growth in services 
and higher deliveries of 338 units (2020: 300 units), including 
the first H160.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 171:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
171Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Airbus Defence and Space
The following table presents a breakdown of deliveries of Airbus Defence and Space by product type for the past three years.
(In units) 2022 2021 2020
A400M 10 8 9
A330 MRTT (Tanker) 5 5 4
Light & Medium aircraft 13 9 10
Telecom satellites 5 3 1
Total 33 25 24
Airbus Defence and Space’s revenues amounted to € 11.3 billion 
in 2022 (2021: €  10.2 billion). The increase is mainly driven by 
higher volume in Military Aircraft and Eurodrone.
Airbus Defence and Space’s revenues amounted to € 10.2 billion 
in 2021 (2020: € 10.4 billion). The decrease was mainly driven by 
Military Aircraft, partially offset by Space Systems.
2.1.4.2 Cost of Sales
Cost of sales increased by 13.3% from € 42.5 billion for 2021 
to € 48.2 billion for 2022. It mainly reflects the higher deliveries 
and additional losses recognised on the A400M programme 
of € 0.5 billion.
For 2021, cost of sales decreased by 3.9% from € 44.3 billion for 
2020 to € 42.5 billion for 2021. It mainly reflects in 2021 continued 
cost containment and the release of COVID-related provisions 
while 2020 was impacted by charges recorded in response to 
the COVID-19 pandemic.
2.1.4.3 Selling and Administrative 
Expenses
For 2022, selling and administrative expenses increased from 
€ 2.1 billion for 2021 to € 2.2 billion for 2022.
Selling and administrative expenses remained stable at 
€ 2.1 billion for both 2021 and 2020.
2.1.4.4 Research and Development 
Expenses
Research and development expenses increased by 14.8%, 
from € 2.7 billion for 2021 to € 3.1 billion for 2022. In addition, 
an amount of € 319 million of development costs has been 
capitalised, mainly linked to Airbus programmes. See “– 2.1.2.2 
Capitalised Development Costs”.
For 2021, research and development expenses decreased 
by 3.9%, from € 2.9 billion for 2020 to € 2.7 billion for 2021. 
In addition, an amount of € 152 million of development costs 
has been capitalised, mainly linked to Defence and Space 
programmes. See “– 2.1.2.2 Capitalised Development Costs”.
2.1.4.5 Other Income 
and Other Expenses
Other income and other expenses typically include gains and 
losses on disposals of investments, of fixed assets and income 
from rental properties.
Other income and other expenses was € -119 million net as 
compared to € 393 million net for 2021. The decrease includes 
the impact of € -437 million partly offset by an insurance income 
of € 200 million both linked to the launch failure of the two 
satellites Pléiades Neo 5 and 6 in December 2022. In 2021, it 
included a restructuring provision release of € 207 million and 
the gain of € 122 million for the divestment of one of its sites to 
a joint venture.
For 2021, other income and other expenses was € 393 million 
net as compared to € -1,326 million net for 2020. The increase 
includes the gain of € 122 million for the divestment of one of its 
sites in France to a 50% joint venture. In 2020, it included the 
COVID-related restructuring provision.
2.1.4.6 Share of Profit from Investments 
Accounted for under the Equity 
Method and Other Income 
from Investments
Share of profit from investments accounted for under the equity 
method and other income from investments principally include 
results from companies accounted for under the equity method 
and the dividends attributable to unconsolidated investments. 
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 10: Investments Accounted for under the 
Equity Method” and “– Note 16: Share of Profit from Investments 
Accounted for under the Equity Method and Other Income from 
Investments”.
The Company recorded € 192 million in share of profit from 
investments accounted for under the equity method and other 
income from investments as compared to € 116 million for 2021 
and € 152 million for 2020.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 172:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
172 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.4.7 Interest Result
Interest result reflects the net of interest income and expense 
arising from financial assets and liabilities, including the interest 
expense on refundable advances provided by European 
governments to finance R&D activities. Please refer to the “Notes 
to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 17: Total 
Financial Result”.
The Company recorded a net interest expense of € -232 million, 
as compared to € -246 million for 2021 and € -271 million for 2020.
2.1.4.8 Other Financial Result
Other financial result includes the impact from the revaluation 
of financial instruments, the effect of foreign exchange valuation 
of monetary items and the unwinding of discounted provisions. 
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 17: Total Financial Result” and “– Note 26: 
Other Financial Assets and Other Financial Liabilities”.
Other financial result changed from € -69 million for 2021 to 
€ -18 million for 2022. This is mainly driven by the revaluation of 
certain equity investments and a net positive impact from the 
revaluation of financial instruments partly offset by the negative 
impact from the foreign exchange valuation of monetary items.
For 2021, other financial result changed from € -349 million for 
2020 to € -69 million for 2021. This is driven by the positive impact 
from the revaluation of certain equity investments, compensated 
by a negative impact from the revaluation of financial instruments. 
In 2020, it included the European governments’ refundable 
advances impact related to the A350 programme.
2.1.4.9 Income Taxes
Income tax expense was €  -939 million for 2022 as compared to 
€ -853 million for 2021, and corresponds to an effective income 
tax rate of 19%. The higher tax expense was mainly driven by 
higher net valuation allowances and lower positive impacts from 
tax risk updates in 2022 as compared to 2021.
For 2021, income tax expense was € -853 million as compared 
to € -39 million for 2020, and corresponds to an effective income 
tax rate of 17%. The higher tax expense was mainly driven by the 
income before tax in 2021 of € 5,027 million as compared to the 
loss before tax in 2020 of € -1,130 million, partly compensated 
by a net release of deferred tax asset impairments mainly due to 
an updated business outlook in 2021 in comparison to deferred 
tax impairments in 2020. Management will continue to assess 
its tax contingencies going forward, whose outcome could 
result in further financial impacts.
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 18: Income Taxes”.
2.1.4.10 Non-Controlling Interests
For 2022, loss for the period attributable to non-controlling 
interests was € -111 million, as compared to loss of € -39 million 
for 2021.
2.1.4.11 Profit for the Period Attributable 
to Equity Owners of the Parent 
(Net Income)
As a result of the factors discussed above, the  Company 
recorded a net income of € 4,247 million for 2022, as compared 
to the net income of € 4,213 million for 2021.
2.1.4.12 Earnings per Share
Basic earnings were € 5.40 per share in 2022, as compared 
to €  5.36 per share in 2021. The denominator used to 
calculate earnings per share was 787,080,579 shares (2021: 
785,326,074), reflecting the weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the year. In 2020, the Company reported 
basic earnings of € -1.45 per share, based on a denominator 
of 783,178,191 shares.
2022 2021 2020
Profit (Loss) for the period attributable to equity owners  
of the parent (Net income) € 4,247 million € 4,213 million €  (1,133) million
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 787 ,080,579 785,326,074 783,178,191
Basic earnings per share € 5.40 € 5.36 €  (1.45)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 173:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
173Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.5 Changes in Total Equity (Including Non-Controlling Interests)
The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in total equity for the period 1 January 2022 through 31 December 2022.
(In € million)
Balance at 1 January 2022 9,486
Profit for the period 4,136
Other comprehensive income 237
thereof foreign currency translation adjustments 123
Capital increase 127
Cash distribution to Airbus SE shareholders / Dividends paid to non-
controlling interests (1,182)
Equity transactions (IAS 27) 86
Share-based payment (IFRS 2) 115
Change in treasury shares (23)
Balance at 31 December 2022 12,982
The number of shares issued as of 31 December 2022 was 788,205,008. Please refer to the “Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – IFRS Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021” and to the 
“Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 35: Total Equity”.
Diluted earnings were € 5.39 per share in 2022, as compared to € 5.36 per share in 2021. The denominator used to calculate 
diluted earnings per share was 787,753,485 (2021: 785,761,995). In 2022, LTIP 2022 plan has been excluded from the calculation 
because of its antidilutive effect. As there was a net loss in 2020, the effect of potentially dilutive ordinary shares is anti-dilutive.
2022 2021 2020
Profit (Loss) for the period attributable to equity owners of the parent 
(Net income), adjusted for diluted calculation € 4,247 million € 4,213 million €  (1,133) million
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) 787,753,485 785,761,995 783,178,191
Diluted earnings per share € 5.39 € 5.36 €  (1.45)
For further information, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 19: Earnings per Share”.
2.1.5.1 Cash Flow Hedge Related Impact on AOCI
As of 31 December 2022, the notional amount of the Company’s 
portfolio of outstanding cash flow hedges amounted to 
US$ 76.4 billion, hedged against the euro and the pound sterling. 
The year-end mark to market valuation of this portfolio resulted 
in a negative pre-tax accumulated other comprehensive income 
(“AOCI”) valuation change of € -3.1 billion as of 31 December 
2022 compared to 31 December 2021, based on a closing 
rate of €/US$ 1.07 as compared to a negative pre-tax AOCI 
valuation change of € -5.1 billion as of 31 December 2021 
compared to 31 December 2020, based on a closing rate of €/
US$ 1.13. For further information on the measurement of the fair 
values of financial instruments, please refer to the “Notes to the 
IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 38: Financial 
Instruments”.
Positive pre-tax mark to market values of cash flow hedges 
are included in other financial assets, while negative pre-tax 
mark to market values of cash flow hedges are included in 
other financial liabilities. Year-to-year changes in the mark to 
market value of effective cash flow hedges are recognised as 
adjustments to AOCI. These adjustments to AOCI are net of 
corresponding changes to deferred tax assets (for cash flow 
hedges with negative mark to market valuations) and deferred 
tax liabilities (for cash flow hedges with positive mark to market 
valuations).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 174:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
174 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The following graphic presents the cash flow hedge related movements in AOCI over the past three years. The mark to market of 
the backlog is not reflected in the accounts whereas the mark to market of the hedge book is reflected in AOCI.
CASH FLOW HEDGE RELATED MOVEMENTS IN AOCI IN € MILLION (BASED ON YEAR-END EXCHANGE RATES) (1)
341
-86
255
-3,456
-5,702
1,323
2,180
-4,779
-7,882
OCI Net Asset
Net Deferred Taxes
Net Equity OCI
31 December 2020: US$ 1.23 31 December 2021: US$ 1.13 31 December 2022: US$ 1.07
(1) Cash flow hedge in AOCI in total equity (including non-controlling interests).
As a result of the negative change in the fair market valuation of the cash flow hedge portfolio in 2022, AOCI amounted to a net 
liability of € -7.9 billion for 2022, as compared to a net liability of € -4.8 billion for 2021. The corresponding € +0.9 billion tax effect 
led to a net deferred tax asset of € 2.2 billion as of 31 December 2022 as compared to a net deferred tax asset of € 1.3 billion as 
of 31 December 2021.
For further information, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 38.5: Financial Instruments 
– Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting Disclosure”.
2.1.5.2 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Impact on AOCI
The € 123 million currency translation adjustment related impact on AOCI in 2022 mainly reflects the effect of the variations of the 
US dollar and the pound sterling.
2.1.6 Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company’s objective is to generate sufficient operating 
cash flow in order to invest in its growth and future expansion, 
honour the Company’s dividend policy and maintain financial 
flexibility while retaining its credit rating and competitive access 
to capital markets.
The Company defines its consolidated net cash position as 
the sum of (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) securities, 
minus (iii) financing liabilities, plus or minus (iiii) interest rate 
contracts related to fair value hedges (all as recorded in the 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position). Net cash position 
is an alternative performance measure and an indicator that 
allows the Company to measure its ability to generate sufficient 
liquidity to invest in its growth and future expansion, honour its 
dividend policy and maintain financial flexibility. The net cash 
position as of 31 December 2022 was € 9.4 billion (€ 7.7 billion 
as of 31 December 2021).
As of 31  December 2022, the total liquidity amounted to 
€ 31.6 billion and it was secured by the € 23.6 billion gross cash 
and the € 8 billion sustainability-linked Revolving Syndicated 
Credit Facility signed on 5 July 2022 which cancels and replaces 
the €  6 billion Revolving Syndicated Credit Facility signed in 2020. 
This facility incorporates an adjustment mechanism that links the 
applicable margin of the facility (which can go either up or down) to 
the achievement of annual targets for two selected sustainability 
key performance indicators related to environmental rating and 
health & safety. The Company can raise further liquidity through 
its € 12 billion Euro Medium Term Note programme (of which 
€ 8 billion have already been issued), its € 11 billion Negotiable 
European Commercial Paper programme, its €  4 billion Euro 
Commercial Paper programme and its $ 3 billion US commercial 
paper programme. See “– Risk Factors – 1. Financial Market 
Risks – Liquidity” and “– 2.1.6.3 Financing Liabilities”. Please 
also refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 37: Net Cash” and “– Note 38.1: Financial 
Instruments – Financial Risk Management”. The factors affecting 
the Company’s cash position, and consequently its liquidity risk, 
are discussed below.
For information on Airbus SE’s credit ratings, please refer to the 
“Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 36: 
Capital Management”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 175:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
175Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.6.1 Cash Flows
The Company generally finances its manufacturing activities and product development programmes, and in particular the development 
of new commercial aircraft, through a combination of flows generated by operating activities, customer advances, risk-sharing 
partnerships with subcontractors and European governments’ refundable advances. In addition, the Company’s military activities 
benefit from government-financed research and development contracts. If necessary, the Company may raise funds in the capital 
markets.
The following table sets forth the variation of the Company’s consolidated net cash position over the periods indicated.
(In € million) 2022 2021 2020
Net Cash position at 1 January (1) 7,740 4,724 12,770
Gross Cash Flow from operations (2) 5,512 4,078 3,061
Changes in other operating assets and liabilities (working capital) (3) 1,421 984 (8,197)
Cash used for investing activities (4) (2,609) (1,551) (2,226)
thereof industrial capital expenditures (2,464) (1,928) (1,759)
Free Cash Flow (5) 4,324 3,511 (7,362)
thereof M&A transactions (210) (32) (551)
Free Cash Flow before M&A (6) 4,534 3,543 (6,811)
thereof Cash Flow from customer financing (net) (146) 28 124
Free Cash Flow before customer financing 4,470 3,483 (7,486)
Free Cash Flow before M&A and customer financing 4,680 3,515 (6,935)
Cash distribution to shareholders / non-controlling interests (1,181) 0 0
Contribution to plan assets of pension schemes(7) (601) (533) (314)
Changes in capital and non-controlling interests 145 138 89
Change in treasury shares / share buyback (36) (22) (4)
Change in liability for puttable instruments 135 0 0
Others (8) (1,095) (78) (455)
Net Cash position at 31 December (1) 9,431 7,740 4,724
(1) The Company has decided to refine the net cash definition to include interest rate contracts related to fair value hedges which is also reflected in the 2022 balance.
(2) Represents cash provided by operating activities, excluding (i) changes in other operating assets and liabilities (working capital), (ii) contribution to plan assets of pension schemes 
and (iii) realised foreign exchange results on treasury swaps (€ -44 million in 2022, € 27 million in 2021, € 70 million in 2020). It is an alternative performance measure and an indicator 
used to measure its operating cash performance before changes in other operating assets and liabilities (working capital).
(3)  Including customer financing, excluding some perimeter change impacts from changes in consolidation.
(4) Does not reflect change in securities (net investment of € -344 million in 2022, net investment of € -1,186 million in 2021, net disposal of € 6,303 million in 2020), which are classified 
as cash and not as investments solely for the purposes of this net cash presentation. Excluding bank activities.
(5) Does not reflect change of securities, change in cash from changes in consolidation, contribution to plan assets of pension schemes and realised foreign exchange results on 
treasury swaps. Excluding bank activities. Free Cash Flow is an alternative performance measure and key indicator that reflects the amount of cash flow generated from operations 
after cash used in investing activities.
(6) Free Cash Flow before M&A refers to Free Cash Flow adjusted for net proceeds from disposals and acquisitions. It is an alternative performance measure and key indicator that 
reflects Free Cash Flow excluding those cash flows from the disposal and acquisition of businesses.
(7) In 2020, thereof € 331 million contributions for retirement and deferred compensation plans.
(8) Including both fair value and foreign exchange impacts on securities and financing liabilities.
The net cash position as of 31 December 2022 was € 9.4 billion, 
a 21.8% increase from 31 December 2021. It includes payments 
received in advance from certain customers and payments made 
to suppliers in anticipation. Please see further details below.
Gross Cash Flow from Operations
Gross Cash Flow from operations is an alternative performance 
measure and an indicator used by the Company to measure its 
operating cash performance before changes in working capital. 
Gross Cash Flow from operations increased to € 5.5 billion for 
2022, which mainly reflects EBIT Adjusted.
Changes in Other Operating Assets 
and Liabilities (Working Capital)
Changes in other operating assets and liabilities (working capital), 
comprises inventories, trade receivables, contract assets and 
contract liabilities (including customer advances), trade liabilities, 
and other assets and other liabilities. They resulted in a positive 
working capital variation of € 1.4 billion for 2022, versus  a positive 
impact of € 1.0 billion for 2021.
In 2022, the contributors to the positive working capital variation 
from 2021 to 2022 were the change in contract assets and 
contract liabilities (€ +5.6 billion), mainly due to a positive phasing 
impact from contracts assets and liabilities reflecting higher 
advance payments and a positive impact from net payments 
made to suppliers in anticipation, the change in trade liabilities 
(€ +3.1 billion), which reflected higher volume and payment terms 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 176:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
176 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
increase linked to certain agreements reached with suppliers, 
and the change in trade receivables (€ +0.5 billion). This was 
partially offset by the change in inventories (€ -5.6 billion), which 
reflected the inventory build up to support ramp up and the 
higher advance payments made to suppliers, and the change 
in other assets and liabilities (€ -2.3 billion).
European governments’ refundable advances.  As of 
31 December 2022, total European governments’ refundable 
advances liabilities, recorded on the statement of Financial 
Position in the line items “non-current other financial liabilities” 
and “current other financial liabilities” due to their specific nature, 
amounted to € 3.9 billion, including accrued interest.
European governments’ refundable advances (net of 
reimbursements) remained stable in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 26: Other Financial Assets and Other Financial 
Liabilities”.
Cash Used for Investing Activities
Management categorises cash used for investing activities into 
three components: (i) industrial capital expenditure, (ii) M&A 
transactions and (iii) others. Cash used for investing activities 
amounted to € -2.6 billion for 2022, to € -1.6 billion for 2021, and 
to € -2.2 billion for 2020.
Capital expenditure.  Capital expenditure includes product-
related development costs that are capitalised in accordance 
with IAS 38. See “– 2.1.2.2 Capitalised development costs”.
Capital expenditure (investments in property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets) amounted to € -2.5 billion for 
2022, € -1.9 billion for 2021 and € -1.8 billion for 2020.
In 2020, the decrease of capital expenditure reflected the 
prioritisation of projects.
M&A transactions.  In 2022, the € -0.2 billion figure mostly 
relates to the acquisition of 100% of the shares of ZF 
Luftfahrttechnik GmbH. ZF Luftfahrttechnik was subsequently 
renamed Airbus Helicopters Technik GmbH.
In 2021, there were no significant M&A transactions.
In 2020, the € -0.6 billion figure mostly relates to the acquisition 
of Bombardier’s additional 29.64% shares in Airbus Canada.
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 9: Acquisitions and Disposals”.
Other disposals.  In 2021, the Company divested to a 50% 
joint venture one of its sites in France. The Company received 
a consideration of € 310 million.
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial 
Statements – Note 9: Acquisitions and Disposals”.
Free Cash Flow
The Company defines Free Cash Flow as the sum of (i) cash 
provided by operating activities and (ii) cash used for investing 
activities, minus (iii) change of securities, (iv) contribution to 
plan assets of pension schemes, (v) realised foreign exchange 
results on treasury swaps and (vi) Airbus Bank activities. It is an 
alternative performance measure and key indicator which allows 
the Company to measure the amount of Cash Flow generated 
from operations after cash used in investing activities. As a result 
of the factors discussed above, Free Cash Flow amounted to 
€ 4.3 billion for 2022 as compared to € 3.5 billion for 2021 and 
€ -7.4 billion for 2020.
Free Cash Flow before M&A
Free Cash Flow before mergers and acquisitions refers to 
Free Cash Flow adjusted for net proceeds from disposals and 
acquisitions. It is an alternative performance measure and key 
indicator that reflects Free Cash Flow excluding those Cash 
Flows resulting from acquisitions and disposals of businesses.
Free Cash Flow before M&A and Customer 
Financing
Free Cash Flow before M&A and customer financing refers 
to Free Cash Flow before mergers and acquisitions adjusted 
for Cash Flow related to aircraft financing activities. It is an 
alternative performance measure and indicator that may be 
used occasionally by the Company in its financial guidance, 
especially when there is higher uncertainty around customer 
financing activities.
Cash Distribution to Shareholders / 
Non-Controlling Interests
For the fiscal year 2022, the Company’s Board of Directors 
proposes a cash distribution to shareholders of € 1.80 per share. 
The proposed payment date is 27 April 2023.
For the fiscal year 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors 
proposed a cash distribution to shareholders of € 1.50 per share 
and cash distribution to shareholders amounted to € -1.2 billion 
in 2022.
Given the global business environment, there was no cash 
distribution to shareholders proposed for the fiscal year 2020. 
This decision aimed at strengthening the Company’s financial 
resilience by protecting the net cash position and supporting its 
ability to adapt as the situation evolved. On 23 March 2020, the 
Company decided to withdraw the € -1.3 billion cash distribution 
to shareholders initially proposed for the fiscal year 2019, in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Consequently, there was 
no cash distribution to shareholders in 2020.
Contribution to Plan Assets of Pension 
Schemes
The cash outflows of € -0.6 billion, € -0.5 billion and € -0.3 billion 
in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily relate to 
contributions to the Contractual Trust Arrangements (“CTA”) 
in Germany for allocating and generating pension plan assets 
in accordance with IAS 19, the German relief fund, as well as 
to pension schemes and plan assets in the UK, Canada and 
to French benefit funds. Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 32: Post-Employment 
Benefits”.
Change in Treasury Shares / Share Buyback
Change in treasury shares amounted to € -36 million for 2022, 
to € -22 million for 2021 and to € -4 million for 2020. As of 
31 December 2022 and 2021, the Company held 647,500 and 
454,735 treasury shares, respectively.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 177:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
2.1 Operating and Financial Review
177Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.1.6.3 Financing Liabilities
The outstanding balance of the Company’s consolidated financing 
liabilities decreased from € 15.0 billion as of 31 December 2021 
to € 12.8 billion as of 31 December 2022. The decrease is mainly 
due to the decrease in the value of bonds linked to higher interest 
rates and a € 1 billion bond buyback performed in June 2022. 
For further information, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 37.3: Net Cash – 
Financing Liabilities”.
Evolution of Airbus Gross Exposure during 2022 in US$ million
-352
-22
332
413
293
31 December 2021
Additions
Disposals
Amortisation
31 December 2022
Airbus gross customer financing exposure as of 31 December 
2022 is distributed directly over 17  aircraft, operated by 
approximately five airlines. In addition, the level of exposure 
may include other aircraft-related assets, such as spare parts.
Over the last three years (2020 to 2022), the average number 
of aircraft delivered in respect of which direct financing support 
has been provided by Airbus amounted to approximately 1% 
of the average number of deliveries over the same period, i.e. 
nine aircraft financed per year out of 613 deliveries per year on 
average.
Airbus Helicopters’ gross customer financing exposure 
amounted to € 33 million as of 31 December 2022. This exposure 
is distributed over 12 helicopters, operated by approximately 
six companies.
For further information, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 28: Sales Financing 
Transactions”.
2.1.6.4 Sales Financing
The Company favours cash sales and encourages independent 
financing by customers, in order to avoid retaining credit or 
asset risk in relation to delivered products. However, in order 
to support product sales, primarily at Airbus and Airbus 
Helicopters, the Company may agree to participate in the 
financing of customers, on a case-by-case basis, directly or 
through guarantees provided to third parties.
The financial markets remain unpredictable, which may cause 
the Company to increase its future outlays in connection with 
customer financing of commercial aircraft and helicopters, 
mostly through finance leases and secured loans and if deemed 
necessary through operating lease structures. Nevertheless, 
the Company intends to keep the amount as low as possible.
Dedicated and experienced teams structure such financing 
transactions and closely monitor total finance and asset value 
exposure of the Company and its evolution in terms of quality, 
volume and intensity of cash requirements. The Company 
aims to structure all financing it provides to customers in line 
with market-standard contractual terms so as to facilitate any 
subsequent sale or reduction of such exposure.
2.1.6.2 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Securities
The cash and cash equivalents and securities portfolio of 
the Company is invested mainly in non-speculative financial 
instruments, mostly highly liquid, such as certificates of deposit, 
overnight deposits, commercial papers, other money market 
instruments and bonds. Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements –  Note  38.1: Financial 
Instruments – Financial Risk Management”.
The Company has a partially automated cross-border and 
domestic cash pooling system in all countries with major 
group presence and whenever country regulations allow such 
practice (among others, this includes mainly France, Germany, 
Spain, the Netherlands, the UK and the US). The cash pooling 
system enhances management’s ability to assess reliably and 
instantaneously the cash position of each subsidiary within 
the Company and enables management to allocate cash optimally 
within the Company depending upon shifting short-term needs.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 178:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
2.2 Financial Statements
178 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
2.2 Financial Statements
2.3  Statutory Auditor Fees
The Company’s IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 , together with the related 
notes, appendices and independent auditors’ report, shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in and form part of this Universal 
Registration Document.
In addition, the following documents shall be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in and form part of this Universal 
Registration Document:
 – The IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 , together with the related notes, 
appendices and independent auditors’ report, as incorporated 
by reference in the Registration Document filed in English with 
the AFM on 6 April 2022 without prior approval and filed in 
English with the Chamber of Commerce of The Hague.
 – The IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 , together with the related notes, 
appendices and independent auditors’ report, as incorporated 
by reference in the Registration Document filed in English with 
the AFM on 26 March 2021 without prior approval and filed 
in English with the Chamber of Commerce of The Hague.
Copies of the AFM-filed documents are available free of charge 
upon request in English at the registered office of the Company 
and on www.airbus.com (Investors > Financial Results & Annual 
Reports).
The above-mentioned Financial Statements are also available 
in English for inspection at the Chamber of Commerce of The 
Hague.
Please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 40: Auditor Fees”.
2.4  Information Regarding the Statutory Auditors
Date of first appointment Expiration of current term of office(1)
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP
Boompjes 258 – 3011 XZ Rotterdam
Postbus 488 – 3000 AL Rotterdam
The Netherlands
Represented by N.M. Pul 28 April 2016 19 April 2023
(1) A resolution will be submitted to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2023, in order to appoint Ernst & Young Accountants LLP as the Company’s auditors for the 2023 
financial year.
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP  has a licence from the AFM to perform statutory audits for Public Interest Entities and its 
representative is member of the NBA ( Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – the Royal Netherlands Institute 
of Chartered Accountants ). The NBA is the professional body for accountants in the Netherlands.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 179:
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  / 
0202
179Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 180:
Chapter
Chapter 
180 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 181:
03
General Description 
of the Company 
and its Share Capital
3.1 General Description of the Company 182
3.1.1 Commercial and Corporate Names, Seat and Registered Office 182
3.1.2 Legal Form 182
3.1.3 Governing Laws and Disclosures 182
3.1.4 Date of Incorporation and Duration of the Company 183
3.1.5 Objects of the Company 184
3.1.6 Commercial and Companies Registry 184
3.1.7 Inspection of Corporate Documents 184
3.1.8 Financial Year 184
3.1.9 Allocation and Distribution of Income 184
3.1.10 General Meetings 185
3.1.11 Disclosure of Holdings 186
3.1.12 Mandatory Disposal 187
3.1.13 Mandatory Offers 188
3.2 General Description of the Share Capital 189
3.2.1 Issued Share Capital 189
3.2.2 Authorised Share Capital 189
3.2.3 Modification of Share Capital or Rights Attached to the Shares 189
3.2.4 Securities Granting Access to the Company’s Share Capital 190
3.2.5 Changes in the Issued Share Capital 190
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights 191
3.3.1 Shareholding Structure at the End of 2022 191
3.3.2 Relationships with Principal Shareholders 192
3.3.3 Form of Shares 195
3.3.4 Changes in the Shareholding of the Company 195
3.3.5 Persons Exercising Control over the Company 195
3.3.6 Simplified Group Structure Chart 195
3.3.7 Purchase by the Company of its Own Shares 197
3.4 Dividends  199
3.4.1 Dividends and Cash Distributions Paid 199
3.4.2 Dividend Policy of the Company 199
3.4.3 Unclaimed Dividends 199
3.4.4 Taxation 199
181 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 182:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.1 General Description of the Company
182 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.1 General Description of the Company
3.1.1 Commercial and Corporate Names, Seat and Registered Office
Commercial Name:  Airbus
Statutory Name:  Airbus SE
Registered Office:  
Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands
Seat (statutaire zetel ): Amsterdam
Tel: +31 (0)71 5245 600
Fax: +31 (0)71 5232 807
3.1.2 Legal Form
The Company is a European public company ( Societas Europaea ), with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and 
registered with the Dutch Commercial Register ( Handelsregister ) under number 24288945. The Company’s legal identifier (LEI) is 
MIN079WLOO247M1IL051. As a company operating worldwide, the Company is subject to, and operates under, the laws of each 
country in which it conducts business.
3.1.3 Governing Laws and Disclosures
The Company is governed by the laws of the Netherlands 
(in particular Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code) and by its Articles of Association 
(the “Articles of Association ”).
The Company is subject to various legal provisions of the 
Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) 
(the “WFT”). In addition, given the fact that its shares are admitted 
for trading on a regulated market in France, Germany and Spain, 
the Company is subject to certain laws and regulations in these 
three jurisdictions. A summary of the main regulations applicable 
to the Company in relation to information to be made public in 
these three jurisdictions, as well as the Netherlands, is set out 
below.
3.1.3.1 Periodic Disclosure Obligations
Pursuant to Directive 2004/109/EC on the harmonisation of 
transparency requirements in relation to information about 
issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market (as amended, the “Transparency Directive ”), the 
Company is required to disclose certain periodic and ongoing 
information (the “Regulated Information ”).
Pursuant to the Transparency Directive, the Company must 
disseminate such Regulated Information throughout the 
European Community in a manner ensuring fast access to such 
information on a non-discriminatory basis. For this purpose, 
the Company may use a professional service provider (wire). In 
addition, Regulated Information must be filed at the same time 
with the relevant competent market authority. The Company 
must then ensure that Regulated Information remains publicly 
available for at least ten years.
Finally, Regulated Information must be made available for central 
storage by a mechanism that is officially designated by the 
Company’s home Member State.
Dutch Regulations
For the purpose of the Transparency Directive, supervision of the 
Company is effected by the Member State in which it maintains 
its corporate seat, which is the Netherlands. The competent 
market authority that assumes final responsibility for supervising 
compliance by the Company in this respect is the AFM.
Under the Transparency Directive as implemented under Dutch 
law, the Company is subject to a number of periodic disclosure 
requirements, such as:
 – publishing an Annual Financial Report, together with an audit 
report drawn up by the Statutory Auditors, within four months 
after the end of each financial year; and
 – publishing a semi-Annual Financial Report, within three 
months after the end of the first six months of the financial year.
In addition, the Company must file with the AFM, within five 
days following their adoption by the Company’s shareholders, its 
audited annual Financial Statements (including the consolidated 
ones), the management report, the Auditors’ report and other 
information related to the Financial Statements.
French Regulations
In accordance with the requirement set forth in the Transparency 
Directive to disseminate Regulated Information throughout the 
European Community, the Company is required to provide 
simultaneously in France the same information as that provided 
abroad.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 183:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.1 General Description of the Company
183Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
German Regulations
Due to the listing of the Company’s shares in the Prime Standard 
sub-segment of the Regulated Market ( regulierter Markt ) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Company is subject to certain 
post-listing obligations as described below. The Company 
is included inter alia in the selection index DAX of Deutsche 
Börse AG.
Pursuant to the Exchange Rules ( Börsenordnung ) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Company is required to publish 
consolidated annual and semi-annual Financial Statements as 
well as consolidated quarterly reports which may be prepared 
in English only. In addition, pursuant to the Exchange Rules, 
the Company is required to publish a financial calendar at the 
beginning of each financial year in German and English. The 
Company is also required to hold an analysts’ meeting at least 
once per year in addition to the press conference regarding the 
annual Financial Statements.
Spanish Regulations
In accordance with the requirement set forth in the Transparency 
Directive to disseminate Regulated Information throughout the 
European Community, the Company is required to provide 
simultaneously in Spain the same information as that provided 
abroad.
3.1.3.2 Ongoing Disclosure Obligations
Pursuant to the Transparency Directive, Regulated Information 
includes in particular “inside information” as defined pursuant 
to Article 7 of EU Regulation No. 596-2014 on market abuse 
(the “Market Abuse Regulation ” or “MAR”). Such information 
must be disseminated throughout the European Community 
(see introduction to Section “– 3.1.3.1 Periodic Disclosure 
Obligations”).
Inside information consists of information of a precise nature 
which has not been made public, relating, directly or indirectly, to 
one or more issuers or to one or more financial instruments and 
which, if it were made public, would be likely to have a significant 
effect on the prices of those financial instruments or on the price 
of related derivative financial instruments.
Inside information must be disclosed to the markets as soon as 
possible. However, an issuer may under its own responsibility 
delay the public disclosure of inside information so as not to 
prejudice its legitimate interests provided that such delay would 
not be likely to mislead the public and provided that the issuer is 
able to ensure the confidentiality of that information.
Dutch Regulations
Following the implementation of the Transparency Directive 
into Dutch law, the Company must publicly disclose Regulated 
Information and also file Regulated Information with the AFM, 
which will keep all relevant Regulated Information in a publicly 
available register. The Company will, whenever it discloses inside 
information pursuant to applicable mandatory law as part of the 
Regulated Information, disclose and disseminate throughout the 
European Community any such information.
Under Dutch law, the Company must also publish any change in 
the rights attached to its shares, as well as any changes in the 
rights attached to any rights issued by the Company to acquire 
Airbus shares.
French Regulations
Any inside information as defined above will be disclosed in 
France by means of dissemination throughout the European 
Community, as it is organised under Dutch law implementing 
the Transparency Directive so as to provide simultaneously in 
France equivalent information to that provided abroad.
German Regulations
Any inside information as defined above will be disclosed in 
Germany by means of dissemination throughout the European 
Community, as it is organised under Dutch law implementing 
the Transparency Directive so as to provide simultaneously in 
Germany equivalent information to that provided abroad.
Spanish Regulations
Any inside information as defined above will be disclosed 
simultaneously in Spain by notifying it to the CNMV which shall, 
in turn, make it public through its webpage.
Any other information of a financial or corporate nature which the 
Company is required by law to make public in Spain or which 
the Company deems necessary to disclose to investors shall 
be also notified to the CNMV which shall also publish it through 
its webpage.
3.1.4 Date of Incorporation and Duration of the Company
The Company was incorporated on 29 December 1998 for an unlimited duration.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 184:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.1 General Description of the Company
184 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.1.7 Inspection of Corporate Documents
3.1.5 Objects of the Company
Pursuant to its Articles of Association, the objects of the Company are to hold, co-ordinate and manage participations or other 
interests and to finance and assume liabilities, provide for security and/or guarantee debts of legal entities, partnerships, business 
associations and undertakings that are involved in:
 – the aeronautic, defence, space and/or communication industry; or
 – activities that are complementary, supportive or ancillary thereto.
3.1.6 Commercial and Companies Registry
The Company is registered with the Dutch Commercial Register ( Handelsregister ) under number 24288945.
The Articles of Association are available for inspection in Dutch 
at the Chamber of Commerce.
In France, the Articles of Association are available at the 
operational headquarters of the Company (2, rond-point Emile 
Dewoitine, 31700 Blagnac, France, Tel.: +33 5 81 31 75 00).
In Germany, the Articles of Association are available at the 
Munich office of the Company (Willy-Messerschmitt-Strasse 1, 
82024 Ottobrunn, Germany, Tel.: +49 89 60 70).
In Spain, the Articles of Association are available at the CNMV 
and at the Madrid office of the Company (Avenida de John 
Lennon s/n, 28906 Getafe, Madrid, Spain, Tel.: +34 91 443 
30 00).
The documents incorporated by reference into this Universal 
Registration Document are available on www.airbus.com.
3.1.8 Financial Year
The financial year of the Company starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December of each year.
3.1.9 Allocation and Distribution of Income
3.1.9.1 Dividends
The Board of Directors shall determine which part of the profits 
of the Company shall be attributed to reserves. The remaining 
distributable profit shall be at the disposal of the shareholders’ 
meeting.
The shareholders’ meeting may resolve (if so proposed by the 
Board of Directors) that all or part of a distribution on shares shall 
be paid in Airbus shares or in the form of assets as opposed 
to cash.
The declaration of a dividend, an interim dividend or another 
distribution to the shareholders shall be made known to them 
within seven days after such declaration. Declared dividends, 
interim dividends or other distributions shall be payable on such 
date(s) as determined by the Board of Directors.
Dividends, interim dividends and other distributions on shares 
shall be paid by bank transfer to the bank or giro accounts 
designated in writing to the Company by, or on behalf of, 
shareholders at the latest 14 days after their announcement.
The persons entitled to a dividend, interim dividend or other 
distribution shall be the shareholders as at a record date to be 
determined by the Board of Directors for that purpose, which 
date may not be a date prior to the date on which such dividend, 
interim dividend or other distribution is declared.
3.1.9.2 Liquidation
In the event of the dissolution and liquidation of the Company, 
the assets remaining after payment of all debts and liquidation 
expenses shall be distributed amongst the holders of the shares 
in proportion to their shareholdings.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 185:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.1 General Description of the Company
185Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.1.10 General Meetings
3.1.10.1 Calling of Meetings
Shareholders’ meetings are held as often as the Board 
of Directors deems necessary, when required under the Dutch 
Civil Code (as a result of a decrease of the Company’s equity to 
or below half of the Company’s paid up and called up capital) 
or upon the request of shareholders holding, individually or 
together, at least 10% of the total issued share capital of the 
Company. The AGM of Shareholders of the Company is held 
within six months of the end of the financial year.
The Board of Directors must give notice of shareholders’ meetings 
through publication of a notice on the Company’s website (www.
airbus.com), which will be directly and permanently accessible 
until the shareholders’ meeting. The Company must comply with 
the statutory rules providing for a minimum convening period, 
which currently require at least 42 days of notice. The convening 
notice must state the items required under Dutch law.
Shareholders’ meetings are held in Amsterdam, The Hague, 
Rotterdam or Haarlemmermeer (Schiphol Airport). The Board 
of Directors may decide that shareholders’ meetings may be 
attended by means of electronic or video communication devices 
from the locations mentioned in the convening notice.
The Board of Directors must announce the date of the AGM of 
Shareholders at least ten weeks before the Meeting. A matter 
which one or more shareholders or other parties with meeting 
rights collectively representing at least the statutory threshold 
(which is currently 3% of the issued share capital) have requested 
in writing to be put on the agenda for a General Meeting of 
Shareholders shall be included in the convening notice or shall 
be announced in the same fashion, if the substantiated request 
or a proposal for a resolution is received by the Company no later 
than the 60th day before the general meeting. When exercising 
the right to put a matter on the agenda for a General Meeting of 
Shareholders, the respective shareholder or shareholders are 
obliged to disclose their full economic interest to the Company. 
The Company must publish such disclosure on its website.
A request as referred to in the preceding paragraph may only 
be made in writing. The Board of Directors can decide that in 
“writing” is understood to include a request that is recorded 
electronically.
3.1.10.2 Right to Attend Shareholders’ 
Meetings
Each holder of one or more shares may attend shareholders’ 
meetings, either in person or by written proxy, speak and 
vote according to the Articles of Association. See “– 3.1.10.4 
Conditions of Exercise of Right to Vote”. However, under (and 
subject to the terms of) the Articles of Association these rights 
may be suspended under certain circumstances. A shareholder, 
or another person who has the right to attend a shareholders’ 
meeting, can be represented by more than one proxy holder, 
provided that only one proxy holder can exercise the rights 
attached to each share.
The persons who have the right to attend and vote at shareholders’ 
meetings are those who are on record in a register designated for 
that purpose by the Board of Directors on the registration date 
referred to in the Dutch Civil Code which is currently the 28th day 
prior to the day of the shareholders’ meeting (the “Registration 
Date”), irrespective of who may be entitled to the shares at the 
time of that meeting.
As a prerequisite to attending the shareholders’ meeting and to 
casting votes, the Company, or alternatively an entity or person 
so designated by the Company, should be notified in writing 
by each holder of one or more shares and those who derive 
the aforementioned rights from these shares, not earlier than 
the Registration Date, of the intention to attend the meeting in 
accordance with the relevant convening notice.
Shareholders holding their Company shares through Euroclear 
France SA who wish to attend general meetings will have to 
request from their financial intermediary or accountholder an 
admission card and be given a proxy to this effect from Euroclear 
France SA in accordance with the relevant convening notice. 
For this purpose, a shareholder will also be able to request 
that its shares be registered directly (and not through Euroclear 
France SA) in the register of the Company. However, only shares 
registered in the name of Euroclear France SA may be traded 
on stock exchanges.
In order to exercise their voting rights, the shareholders will also be 
able, by contacting their financial intermediary or accountholder, 
to give their voting instructions to Euroclear France SA or to any 
other person designated for this purpose, as specified in the 
relevant convening notice.
Pursuant to its Articles of Association, the Company may provide 
for electronic means of attendance, speaking and voting at the 
shareholders’ meetings in such circumstances and subject to 
such conditions as determined by the Board of Directors.
3.1.10.3 Majority and Quorum
All resolutions are adopted by means of a simple majority of the 
votes cast except when a qualified majority is prescribed by the 
Articles of Association or by Dutch law. No quorum is required 
for any shareholders’ meeting to be held except as required 
under applicable law for a very limited number of resolutions of 
an extraordinary nature. Dutch law requires a special majority 
for the passing of certain resolutions: inter alia, capital reduction, 
exclusion of pre-emption rights in connection with share issues, 
statutory mergers or statutory de-mergers; the passing of such 
resolutions requires a majority of two-thirds of the votes cast 
if 50% of the share capital with voting rights is not present at 
the shareholders’ meeting (or otherwise a simple majority). In 
addition, resolutions to amend the Articles of Association or to 
dissolve the Company may only be adopted with a majority of at 
least two-thirds of the valid votes cast at a shareholders’ meeting, 
whatever the quorum present at such meeting, and resolutions 
to amend certain provisions of the Articles of Association may 
only be adopted with a majority of at least 75% of the valid votes 
cast at a shareholders’ meeting, whatever the quorum present 
at such meeting.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 186:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.1 General Description of the Company
186 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.1.10.4 Conditions of Exercise of Right to Vote
In all shareholders’ meetings, each shareholder has one vote in 
respect of each share it holds. The major shareholders of the 
Company – as set forth in “– 3.3.2 Relationships with Principal 
Shareholders” – do not enjoy different voting rights from those 
of the other shareholders.
A shareholder whose shares are subject to a pledge or usufruct 
shall have the voting rights attaching to such shares unless 
otherwise provided by law or by the Articles of Association or if, in 
the case of a usufruct, the shareholder has granted voting rights 
to the usufructuary. Pursuant to the Articles of Association and 
subject to the prior consent of the Board of Directors, a pledgee 
of shares in the Company may be granted the right to vote in 
respect of such pledged shares.
According to the Articles of Association, no vote may be cast 
at the General Meeting on a share that is held by the Company 
or a subsidiary, nor for a share in respect of which one of them 
holds the depository receipts. Usufructuaries and pledgees of 
shares that are held by the Company or its subsidiaries are, 
however, not excluded from their voting rights, in case the right 
of usufruct or pledge was vested before the share was held by 
the Company or its subsidiary.
3.1.11 Disclosure of Holdings
Pursuant to the WFT, any person who, directly or indirectly, 
acquires or disposes of an (actual or deemed) interest in the 
capital, voting rights or gross short position of the Company 
must immediately give written notice to the AFM by means of a 
standard form, if, as a result of such acquisition or disposal, the 
percentage of capital interest or voting rights held by such person 
meets, exceeds or falls below the following thresholds: 3%, 5%, 
10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 75% and 95%. 
Any person whose interest in the capital, voting rights or gross 
short position in the Company meets, exceeds or falls below one 
or several of the above-mentioned thresholds due to a change in 
the Company’s outstanding capital, or in voting rights attached 
to the shares as notified to the AFM by the Company, should 
notify the AFM no later than the fourth trading day after the AFM 
has published the notification by the Company. Among other 
things, the Company is required to notify the AFM immediately 
if its outstanding share capital or voting rights have changed by 
1% or more since the Company’s previous notification. Additional 
disclosure and/or publication obligations apply under European 
regulations for net short positions in respect of the Company.
If at the end of a calendar year the composition of a shareholder’s 
holding differs from its previous disclosure as a result of the 
conversion of certain types of securities or following the exercise 
of rights to acquire voting rights, this shareholder must then 
provide an update of its previous disclosure within four weeks 
of the end of each calendar year by giving written notice thereof 
to the AFM. The disclosures are published by the AFM on its 
website (www.afm.nl).
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, shareholders must notify 
the Company when meeting or crossing the thresholds above. 
The Articles of Association also contain disclosure obligations 
for shareholders that apply when their interests in the Company 
reach or cross certain thresholds.
Under the Articles of Association, the disclosure obligations 
of shareholders are enhanced in several ways beyond what is 
required under the WFT, including by requiring the disclosure 
of additional information, tying the disclosure obligations to a 
broader range of interests in the capital or voting rights of the 
Company and by requiring a shareholder to notify the Company if 
his or her interest reaches, exceeds or falls below the Mandatory 
Disposal Threshold (as defined below) or if the interest of a 
shareholder (alone or a member of a concert) which is above 
such Mandatory Disposal Threshold changes in its composition, 
nature and/or size.
Failure to comply with the legal obligation to notify a change in 
shareholding under the WFT is a criminal offence punishable by 
criminal and administrative penalties as well as civil law penalties, 
including the suspension of voting rights. Failure to comply with 
a notification under the Articles of Association can lead to a 
suspension of meeting and voting rights.
Disclosure Requirements 
for Members of the Board of Directors 
and the Executive Committee
Disclosure of Holdings
In addition to the requirements under the WFT regarding the 
disclosure of holdings in case the specified thresholds are met 
or exceeded or if holdings fall below these thresholds, Members 
of the Board of Directors must report to the AFM the number 
of shares in the Company and attached voting rights(1)  held by 
him or an entity controlled by him, within two weeks following 
his appointment as Director, whether or not such shareholdings 
meet or exceed any of the specified thresholds. Subsequently, 
any Member of the Board of Directors is required to notify the 
AFM of any changes in such number of shares in the Company 
and attached voting rights.
(1) In this context, the term “shares” also includes for example depositary receipts for shares and rights resulting from an agreement to acquire shares or depositary 
receipts for shares, specifically call options, warrants, and convertible bond. Equally, the term “voting rights” also includes actual or contingent rights to voting rights 
( e.g., embedded in call options, warrants or convertible bond).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 187:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.1 General Description of the Company
187Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Disclosure of Transactions Carried Out 
on Any Securities Issued by the Company
Based on the Market Abuse Regulation, certain persons 
discharging managerial or supervisory responsibilities within 
the Company as well as persons closely associated with them 
(together “Insiders”, as defined below), are required to notify 
the Company and the AFM within three trading days of all 
transactions conducted for their own account involving shares 
of the Company, or derivatives or other financial instruments 
related to such shares, unless the aggregate amount of 
such transactions does not exceed € 5,000 in respect of all 
transactions in a calendar year.
“Insiders” for the Company include (i) Members of the Board 
of Directors and the Executive Committee of the Company as well 
as certain other senior executives who are not members of these 
bodies and who have regular access to inside information relating 
directly or indirectly to the Company and power to take managerial 
decisions affecting the future developments and business 
prospects of the Company, (ii) persons closely associated 
with any person mentioned under category (i) (including their 
spouses, life partners or any partner considered by national 
law as equivalent to the spouse, dependent children and other 
relatives who have shared the same household), and (iii) legal 
entities, trusts or partnerships whose managerial responsibilities 
are discharged by any person referred to in categories (i) or (ii) or 
which are directly or indirectly controlled by such a person, or 
that have been set up for the benefit of such a person, or whose 
economic interests are substantially equivalent to those of such 
a person.
The Company has adopted specific internal insider trading rules 
(the “Insider Trading Rules”) in order to ensure compliance with 
the above requirements and with other share trading regulations 
applicable in the Netherlands, France, Germany and Spain. The 
Insider Trading Rules are available on the Company’s website, 
and provide in particular that: (i) all employees and Directors 
are prohibited from conducting transactions in the Company’s 
shares or stock options if they have inside information, and 
(ii) certain persons are only allowed to trade in the Company’s 
shares or stock options within very limited periods and have 
specific information obligations to the ITR Compliance Officer of 
the Company and the competent financial market authorities with 
respect to certain transactions. The ITR Compliance Officer is 
responsible for the implementation of the Insider Trading Rules.
Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation, the Company must 
maintain a list of all persons working for it by virtue of a labour 
relationship or otherwise, who may have access to inside 
information.
3.1.12 Mandatory Disposal
3.1.12.1 Notification Requirements and 
Mandatory Disposal Threshold 
Restricting Ownership to 15%
Under the Articles of Association, each shareholder must notify 
the Company when it (or another party in respect of its interest in 
the Company) must make a notification to the AFM of a substantial 
interest or short position with respect to the Company, when its 
interest (alone or with concert parties) reaches or crosses the 
Mandatory Disposal Threshold (as defined below) or subject to 
certain conditions and exemptions, when changes occur in the 
composition, nature and/or size of any interest held by it or by its 
concert parties in excess of the Mandatory Disposal Threshold 
(as defined below). Failure to comply with these obligations 
may, subject to a prior notification by the Company, result in the 
suspension of voting and attendance rights until the shareholder 
has complied with its obligations.
The Articles of Association prohibit any shareholder from 
holding an interest of more than 15% of the share capital or 
voting rights of the Company, acting alone or in concert with 
others (the “Mandatory Disposal Threshold ”). An interest 
(“ Interest ”) includes not only shares and voting rights, but 
also other instruments that cause shares or voting rights to 
be deemed to be at someone’s disposal pursuant to the WFT, 
and must be notified to the Dutch regulator, the AFM, if certain 
thresholds are reached or crossed. Any shareholder having an 
interest of more than the Mandatory Disposal Threshold must 
reduce its interest below the Mandatory Disposal Threshold, for 
instance by disposing of its Excess Shares, within two weeks 
after such notification by the Company. Upon receipt of such 
notification, the voting, attendance and dividend rights attached 
to the Excess Shares shall be suspended. The same applies to 
concerts of shareholders and other persons who together hold 
an interest exceeding the Mandatory Disposal Threshold. Should 
such shareholder or concert not comply with not exceeding 
the 15% Mandatory Disposal Threshold by the end of such 
two-week period, the voting, attendance and dividend rights 
attached to all shares held by such shareholder or concert shall 
be suspended, and their Excess Shares would be transferred to 
a Dutch law foundation (“Stichting”), which can, and eventually 
must, dispose of them. The suspension of shareholder rights 
described above shall be lifted once a shareholder or concert 
complies with its obligations under the Articles of Association. 
The Dutch law foundation would issue depositary receipts to the 
relevant shareholder in return for the Excess Shares transferred 
to the foundation, which would entitle the relevant shareholder to 
the economic rights, but not the voting rights, attached to such 
Company shares. The foundation’s Articles of Association and 
the terms of administration governing the relationship between 
the foundation and the depositary receipt holders provide, inter 
alia, that:
 – the Board Members of the foundation must be independent 
from the Company, any grandfathered persons and their 
affiliates (see “– 3.1.12.2 Exemptions from Mandatory Disposal 
Threshold”) and any holder of depositary receipts and their 
affiliates (there is an agreement under which the Company will, 
inter alia, cover the foundation’s expenses and indemnify the 
Board Members against liability);
 – the Board Members are appointed (except for the initial Board 
Members who were appointed at incorporation) and dismissed 
by the Management Board of the foundation (the Company 
may however appoint one Board Member in a situation where 
there are no foundation Board Members);
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 188:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.1 General Description of the Company
188 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
 – the foundation has no discretion as to the exercise of voting 
rights attached to any of the Company shares held by it and 
will in a mechanical manner vote to reflect the outcome of the 
votes cast (or not cast) by the other shareholders, and the 
foundation will distribute any dividends or other distributions 
it receives from the Company to the holders of depositary 
receipts; and
 – no transfer of a depositary receipt can be made without the 
prior written approval of the foundation’s Board.
For any shareholder or concert, the term “Excess Shares”, 
as used above, refers to such number of shares comprised 
in the interest of such shareholder or concert exceeding the 
Mandatory Disposal Threshold which is the lesser of: (i) the 
shares held by such shareholder or concert which represent a 
percentage of the Company’s issued share capital that is equal 
to the percentage with which the foregoing interest exceeds the 
Mandatory Disposal Threshold; and (ii) all shares held by such 
person or concert.
This restriction is included in the Articles of Association to reflect 
the Company’s further normalised governance going forward, 
aiming at a substantial increase of the free float and to safeguard 
the interests of the Company and its stakeholders (including all 
its shareholders), by limiting the possibilities of influence above 
the level of the Mandatory Disposal Threshold or takeovers other 
than a public takeover offer resulting in a minimum acceptance 
of 80% of the share capital referred to below.
3.1.12.2 Exemptions from Mandatory 
Disposal Threshold
The restrictions pursuant to the Mandatory Disposal Threshold 
under the Articles of Association do not apply to a person 
who has made a public offer with at least an 80% acceptance 
(including any Airbus shares already held by such person). 
These restrictions also have certain grandfathering exemptions 
for the benefit of shareholders and concerts holding interests 
exceeding the Mandatory Disposal Threshold on 2 April 2013 
(the “Exemption Date”), which is the date of first implementation 
of the Mandatory Disposal Threshold.
Different grandfathering regimes apply to such shareholders and 
concerts, depending on the interests and the nature thereof held 
by each such shareholder or concert on the Exemption Date.
The Company has confirmed that: (i) the specific exemption in 
Article 16.1.b of the Articles of Association applies to Société de 
Gestion de Participations Aéronautiques (“Sogepa”), as it held 
more than 15% of the outstanding Company voting rights and 
shares including the legal and economic ownership thereof on the 
Exemption Date; and (ii) the specific exemption in Article 16.1.c 
of the Articles of Association applies to the concert among 
Sogepa, Gesellschaft zur Beteiligungsverwaltung GZBV mbH 
& Co. KG (“GZBV”) and Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones 
Industriales (“ SEPI ”), as they held more than 15% of the 
outstanding Company voting rights and shares including the 
legal and economic ownership thereof on the Exemption Date.
3.1.13.1 Takeover Directive
The Directive 2004/25/EC on takeover bids (the “ Takeover 
Directive”) sets forth the principles governing the allocation of 
laws applicable to the Company in the context of a takeover bid 
for the shares of the Company. The Takeover Directive refers to 
the rules of the Netherlands and the rules of the European Union 
Member State of the competent authority that must be chosen 
by the Company from among the various market authorities 
supervising the markets where its shares are listed.
For the Company, matters relating to, inter alia, the consideration 
offered in the case of a bid, in particular the price, and matters 
relating to the bid procedure, in particular the information on 
the offeror’s decision to make a bid, the contents of the offer 
document and the disclosure of the bid, shall be determined 
by the laws of the European Union Member State having the 
competent authority, which will be selected by the Company 
at a future date.
Matters relating to the information to be provided to the 
employees of the Company and matters relating to company law, 
in particular the percentage of voting rights which confers control 
and any derogation from the obligation to launch a bid, the 
conditions under which the Board of Directors of the Company 
may undertake any action which might result in the frustration 
of the bid, the applicable rules and the competent authority will 
be governed by Dutch law (see “– 3.1.13.2 Dutch Law”).
3.1.13.2 Dutch Law
In accordance with the Dutch act implementing the Takeover 
Directive (the “Takeover Act ”), shareholders are required to 
make a public offer for all issued and outstanding shares in 
the Company’s share capital if they – individually or acting in 
concert (as such term is defined in the Takeover Act), directly 
or indirectly – have 30% or more of the voting rights (significant 
control) in the Company. In addition to the other available 
exemptions that are provided under Dutch law, the requirement 
to make a public offer does not apply to persons, who at the 
time the Takeover Act came into force, already held – individually 
or acting in concert – 30% or more of the voting rights in the 
Company. In the case of such a concert, a new Member of the 
concert can be exempted if it satisfies certain conditions.
3.1.13 Mandatory Offers
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 189:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.2 General Description of the Share Capital
189Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.2  General Description of the Share Capital
3.2.1 Issued Share Capital
As of 31 December 2022, the Company’s issued share capital amounted to € 788,205,008, consisting of 788,205,008 fully paid-up 
shares of a nominal value of € 1 each.
3.2.2 Authorised Share Capital
As of 31 December 2022, the Company’s authorised share capital amounted to € 3 billion, consisting of 3 billion shares of € 1 each.
3.2.3 Modification of Share Capital or Rights Attached to the Shares
The shareholders’ meeting has the power to authorise the 
issuance of shares. The shareholders’ meeting may also 
authorise the Board of Directors, for a period of no more than five 
years, to issue shares and to determine the terms and conditions 
of share issuances.
Holders of shares have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for any 
newly issued shares in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
value of shares held by them, except for (i) shares issued for 
consideration other than cash, (ii) shares issued to employees 
of Airbus and (iii) shares issued pursuant to a previously granted 
right to subscribe for those shares. For the contractual position 
as to pre-emption rights, see “– 3.3.2 Relationships with Principal 
Shareholders”.
The shareholders’ meeting also has the power to limit or to 
exclude pre-emption rights in connection with new issuances of 
shares, and may authorise the Board of Directors for a period of 
no more than five years, to limit or to exclude pre-emption rights. 
All resolutions in this context must be approved by a two-thirds 
majority of the votes cast during the shareholders’ meeting in 
the case where less than half of the capital issued is present or 
represented at said meeting.
However, the Articles of Association provide that the shareholders’ 
meeting is not authorised to pass any shareholders’ resolution 
to issue shares or to grant rights to subscribe for shares if the 
aggregate issue price is in excess of € 500 million per share 
issuance, and no preferential subscription rights exist in respect 
thereof (by virtue of Dutch law, or because they have been 
excluded by the competent corporate body). The same limitation 
applies if the shareholders’ meeting wishes to designate the 
Board of Directors to have the authority to resolve on such share 
issuance or granting of rights. These limitations in the Articles of 
Association can only be changed by the shareholders’ meeting 
with a 75% voting majority.
Pursuant to the shareholders’ resolutions adopted at the AGM 
held on 12 April 2022, the powers to issue shares and to grant 
rights to subscribe for shares and to limit or exclude preferential 
subscription rights for existing shareholders have been delegated 
to the Board of Directors for the purpose of:
1.  Employee Share Ownership Plans and share-related Long-Term 
Incentive Plans, provided that such powers shall be limited to 
0.14% of the Company’s authorised share capital; and
2.  funding the Company and any of its subsidiaries, provided 
that such powers shall be limited to 0.3% of the Company’s 
authorised share capital.
Such powers have been granted for a period expiring at the AGM 
to be held in 2023, and shall not extend to issuing shares or 
granting rights to subscribe for shares if (i) there is no preferential 
subscription right (by virtue of Dutch law, or because it has been 
excluded by means of a resolution of the competent corporate 
body) and (ii) it concerns an aggregate issue price in excess of 
€ 500 million per share issuance.
At the AGM held on 12 April 2022, the Board of Directors was 
authorised, for a period of 18 months from the date of such AGM, 
to repurchase shares of the Company, by any means, including 
derivative products, on any stock exchange or otherwise, as long 
as, upon such repurchase, the Company would not hold more 
than 10% of the Company’s issued share capital, and at a price 
per share not less than the nominal value and not more than the 
higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest 
current independent bid on the trading venues of the regulated 
market of the country in which the purchase is carried out.
The shareholders’ meeting may reduce the issued share capital 
by cancellation of shares, or by reducing the nominal value of the 
shares by means of an amendment to the Articles of Association. 
The cancellation of shares requires the approval of a two-thirds 
majority of the votes cast during the shareholders’ meeting in 
the case where less than half of the capital issued is present or 
represented at said meeting; the reduction of nominal value by 
means of an amendment to the Articles of Association requires 
the approval of a two-thirds majority of the votes cast during the 
shareholders’ meeting (unless the amendment to the Articles 
of Association also concerns an amendment which under the 
Articles of Association requires a 75% voting majority).
At the AGM held on 12 April 2022, the Board of Directors and 
the Chief Executive Officer were authorised, with powers of 
substitution, to implement a cancellation of shares held or 
repurchased by the Company, including the authorisation 
to establish the exact number of the relevant shares thus 
repurchased to be cancelled.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 190:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.2 General Description of the Share Capital
190 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.2.4 Securities Granting Access to the Company’s Share Capital
There are no securities that give access, immediately or over time, to the share capital of Airbus SE ( please refer to “Notes to the 
IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 37 .3: Financing Liabilities”).
3.2.5 Changes in the Issued Share Capital
Date Nature of Transaction
Nominal 
value 
per 
share
Number 
of shares 
issued / 
cancelled Premium(1)
Total number 
of issued 
shares after 
transaction
Total issued 
capital after 
transaction
20 June 2013
Cancellation of shares upon authorisation 
granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting 
held on 27 March 2013 € 1 47,648,691 - 779,719,254 € 779,719,254
29 July 2013
Issue of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 2,113,245 € 57,580,650 781,832,499 € 781,832,499
27 September 2013
Cancellation of shares upon authorisation 
granted by the Extraordinary General 
Meeting held on 27 March 2013 € 1 3,099,657 - 778,732,842 € 778,732,842
27 September 2013
Cancellation of shares upon authorisation 
granted by the Annual Shareholders’ 
Meeting held on 29 May 2013 € 1 2,448,884 - 776,283,958 € 776,283,958
In 2013
Issue of shares following exercise of options 
granted to employees(2) € 1 6,873,677 € 176,017,918 78 3,157,6 35 € 78 3,157,6 35
In 2014
Issue of shares following exercise of options 
granted to employees(2) € 1 1,871,419 € 50,619,684 784,780,585 € 784,780,585
In 2015
Cancellation of shares upon authorisation 
granted by the Annual Shareholders’ 
Meeting held on 27 May 2015€ 1 2,885,243 - 785,333,784 € 785,333,784
In 2015
Issue of shares following exercise of options 
granted to employees(2) € 1 1,910,428 - 785,344,784 € 785,344,784
In 2016 Cancellation of treasury shares € 1 14,131,131 - 771,213,653 € 771,213,653
In 2016
Issues of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 1,474,716 - 772,688,369 € 772,688,369
In 2016
Issue of shares following exercise of options 
granted to employees(2) € 1 224,500 - 772,912,869 € 772,912,869
In 2017
Issues of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 1,643,193 - 774,556,062 € 774,556,062
In 2017
Issues of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 1,643,193 - 774,556,062 € 774,556,062
In 2018
Issues of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 1,811,819 - 776,367,881 € 776,367,881
In 2019
Issues of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 1,784,292 - 778,152,173 € 778,152,173
In 2019 Issue of shares under the convertible bond € 1 5,020,942 - 783,173,115 € 783,173,115
In 2020
Issue of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 976,155 - 784,149,270 € 784,149,270
In 2021
Issue of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 1,934,420 - 786,083,690 € 786,083,690
In 2022
Issue of shares for the purpose  
of an employee offering € 1 2,121,318 - 788,205,008 € 788,205,008
(1) The costs (net of taxes) related to the initial public offering of the shares of the Company in July 2000 have been offset against share premium for an amount of € 55,849,772.
(2) For information on Stock Option Plans under which these options were granted to the Company’s employees, see “– Corporate Governance – 4.3.3 Long-Term Incentive Plans”.
In the course of 2022, a total number of 2,121,318 new shares were issued, all of which were issued in the framework of the ESOP 
and its sub-plan SIP .
During 2022 (i) Airbus SE repurchased 325,953 shares and (ii) none of the treasury shares were cancelled. As of 31 December 
2022, Airbus SE held 647,500 treasury shares.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 191:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
191Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
3.3.1 Shareholding Structure at the End of 2022
As of 31 December 2022, the French State held 10.89% of the 
outstanding Company shares through Sogepa, the German 
State held 10.87% through GZBV, a subsidiary of Kreditanstalt für 
Wiederaufbau (“KfW”), a public law institution serving domestic 
and international policy objectives of the Government of the 
Federal Republic of Germany, and the Spanish State held 4.10% 
through SEPI. The public (including the Company’s employees) 
and the Company held, respectively, 74.06% and 0.08% of the 
Company’s share capital.
The diagram below shows the ownership structure of the Company as of 31 December 2022 (% of capital and of voting rights (in 
parentheses)). See “– Corporate Governance – 4.3.3 Long-Term Incentive Plans”.
Ownership Structure of Airbus SE as of 31 December 2022
84.31%15.69%
FRENCH
STATE
AIRBUS SE
GZBV(2)
OTHER GERMAN
PUBLIC ENTITIES
SPANISH 
STATE
GERMAN
STATE
Share subject to Shareholders’ Agreement
PUBLIC
SOGEPA SEPI
4.10%
(4.10%)
10.89%
(10.89%)
10.87%
(10.88%)
KfW
74.06%(1)
(74.05%)
(1) Including shares held by the Company itself (0.08%).
(2) KfW & other German public entities.
According to the AFM register on substantial holdings, the below 
listed entities have notified the AFM of their substantial interest 
in the Company as per 31 March 2023:
 – BlackRock, Inc. (3.60% of the share capital and 4.43% of the 
voting rights);
 – Capital Research and Management Company (9.90% of the 
voting rights);
 – EuroPacific Growth Fund (2.96% of the share capital and 
2.97% of the voting rights);
 – the Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (2.29% of the share capital 
and 2.29% of the voting rights);
 – TCI Fund Management Ltd. (3.02% of the share capital and 
3.02% of the voting rights).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 192:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
192 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.3.2 Relationships with Principal Shareholders
In 2013, GZBV, Sogepa and SEPI entered into a shareholders’ 
agreement (the “Shareholders’ Agreement”). The Shareholders’ 
Agreement, further details of which are set out below, does not 
give the parties to it any rights to designate Members of the 
Board of Directors or management team or to participate in the 
governance of the Company. The Company has also entered 
into state security agreements with each of the French State and 
German State, which are also described in more detail below.
3.3.2.1 Corporate Governance 
Arrangements
Corporate governance arrangements of the Company were 
substantially changed in 2013, resulting in changes in the 
composition of the Board of Directors and its internal rules, 
as well as amendments to the Articles of Association of the 
Company. These changes were intended to further normalise 
and simplify the Company’s corporate governance, reflecting 
an emphasis on best corporate governance practices and the 
absence of a controlling shareholder group. Changes to the 
Company’s corporate governance arrangements in the Articles 
of Association, included (i) disclosure obligations for shareholders 
that apply when their interests in the Company reach or cross 
certain thresholds and (ii) ownership restrictions prohibiting any 
shareholder from holding an interest of more than 15% of the 
share capital or voting rights of the Company, acting alone or 
in concert with others. See “– 3.1.11 Disclosure of Holdings” 
and “– 3.1.12 Mandatory Disposal” above and “– Corporate 
Governance – 4”  below.
3.3.2.2 Shareholder Arrangements
Grandfathering Agreement
At the Consummation, the French State, Sogepa, the German 
State, KfW and GZBV (all parties together the “Parties ” and 
each, individually, as a “ Party”) entered into an agreement with 
respect to certain grandfathering rights under the Articles of 
Association. Below is a summary of such agreement.
Individual Grandfathering Rights
A Party that is individually grandfathered pursuant to Article 16.1.b 
of the Articles of Association (such Party holding “Individual 
Grandfathering Rights”) shall remain individually grandfathered 
in accordance with the Articles of Association if the new concert 
with respect to the Company (the “Concert ”) is subsequently 
terminated (for instance by terminating the Shareholders’ 
Agreement) or if it exits the Concert.
Loss of Individual Grandfathering Rights
A Party holding Individual Grandfathering Rights as well as any 
of its affiliates who are grandfathered pursuant to Article 16.1.b in 
conjunction with Article 16.3 of the Articles of Association (such 
affiliates holding “Derived Grandfathering Rights ”, and the 
Individual Grandfathering Rights and the Derived Grandfathering 
Rights, together, the “Grandfathering Rights ”) shall all no 
longer be entitled to exercise their Grandfathering Rights in 
the event:
 – the Concert is terminated as a result of it or any of its affiliates 
having actually or constructively terminated such Concert; or
 – it or its relevant affiliate(s) exit(s) the Concert; and
 – such termination or exit is not for good cause and is not based on 
material and ongoing violations of the Concert arrangements, 
including, without limitation, of the Shareholders’ Agreement, 
by the other principal Member of the Concert.
In the event that in the future the voting rights in the Company of 
the other principal Member of the Concert together with those 
of its affiliates would for an uninterrupted period of three months 
represent less than 3% of the outstanding aggregate voting 
rights of the Company, the Grandfathering Rights of the Party 
including its affiliates which were no longer entitled to use their 
Grandfathering Rights shall from then on revive and Sogepa and 
GZBV shall jointly notify the Company to that effect.
Notification to the Company
The Company will not be required to take any of the actions 
provided for in Article 15 of the Articles of Association pursuant 
to the post-concert Grandfathering Agreement unless and until 
it receives (i) a joint written instruction from Sogepa and GZBV 
with respect to the taking of any of the actions provided for in 
Article 15 of the Articles of Association pursuant to the post-
concert Grandfathering Agreement, or (ii) a copy of a binding 
advice rendered by three independent, impartial and neutral 
Expert Adjudicators in order to settle any dispute between the 
Parties arising out of or in connection with the post-concert 
Grandfathering Agreement.
Actual interests may differ as the holder of a substantial interest 
is only obliged to notify the AFM of any change in the percentage 
of share capital and/or voting rights if such holder, directly or 
indirectly, reaches, exceeds or falls below any of the following 
thresholds: 3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 
60%, 75% and 95%.
Except as described above, the Company is not aware of any 
other person or legal entity that, as of the date of this Universal 
Registration Document, has a capital or voting interest in the 
Company of 3% or more. For further details, please refer to the 
website of the AFM at: www.afm.nl
As of 31 December 2022, the Company held, directly or indirectly 
through another company in which the Company holds directly or 
indirectly more than 50% of the share capital, 647,500 of its own 
shares, equal to 0.08% of the issued share capital. The treasury 
shares owned by the Company do not carry voting rights.
For the number of shares and voting rights held by Members 
of the Board of  Directors and Executive Committee, see 
“– Corporate Governance – 4.2.1 Remuneration Policy”.
As of 31 December 2022, 2.13% of the share capital (and voting 
rights) was held by the Company’s employees (active or inactive 
who participated at least once to an Airbus shares based plan) 
vs 2.21% as of 31 December 2021.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 193:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
193Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The Company will not incur any liability to any of the Parties by 
taking such actions following receipt of any such joint instruction 
or binding advice and the Company will not be required to 
interpret the post-concert Grandfathering Agreement or any 
such joint instruction or binding advice.
Notwithstanding the description under “Various provisions 
– Jurisdiction” below, the courts of the Netherlands will have 
exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any dispute, controversy or claim 
affecting the rights or obligations of the Company under the 
post-concert Grandfathering Agreement.
Various Provisions
Termination.  The post-concert Grandfathering Agreement 
terminates only if either the French State and its affiliates or 
the German State and its affiliates no longer hold shares in the 
Company.
Governing law. Laws of the Netherlands.
Jurisdiction.  The courts of the Netherlands shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction. This is binding advice for any dispute, controversy 
or claim arising out of or in connection with the post-concert 
Grandfathering Agreement in accordance with the procedure set 
forth in the post-concert Grandfathering Agreement; provided, 
however, that application to the courts is permitted to resolve 
any such dispute controversy or claim.
Shareholders’ Agreement
Below is a further description of the Shareholders’ Agreement, 
based solely on a written summary of the main provisions of 
the Shareholders’ Agreement that has been provided to the 
Company by Sogepa, GZBV and SEPI (all parties together the 
“Shareholders ”).
Governance of the Company
Appointment of the Directors. The shareholders shall vote 
in favour of any draft resolution relating to the appointment of 
Directors submitted to the shareholders’ meeting of the Company 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the German State 
Security Agreement and the French State Security Agreement 
(as described below). If, for whatever reason, any person to be 
appointed as a Director pursuant to the German State Security 
Agreement or the French State Security Agreement is not 
nominated, the shareholders shall use their best endeavours 
so that such person is appointed as a Director.
Sogepa and GZBV shall support the appointment of one 
Spanish national that SEPI may present to them as Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Company, provided such person 
qualifies as an Independent Director pursuant to the conditions 
set forth in the Board Rules, and shall vote as shareholders in 
any shareholders’ meeting in favour of such appointment and 
against the appointment of any other person for such position.
If, for whatever reason, the French State Security Agreement 
and/or the German State Security Agreement has / have been 
terminated, KfW or Sogepa, as the case might be, shall propose 
two persons, and the shareholders shall exercise their best 
endeavours so that these persons are appointed as Directors. 
Directors can be dismissed by the General Meeting at all times.
Modification of the Articles of Association.  Sogepa and 
GZBV shall consult each other on any draft resolution intending 
to modify the Board Rules and/or the Articles of Association. 
Unless Sogepa and GZBV agree to vote in favour together of 
such draft resolution, the shareholders shall vote against such 
draft resolution. If Sogepa and GZBV reach a mutual agreement 
on such draft resolution, the shareholders shall vote in favour of 
such draft resolution.
Reserved Matters.  With respect to the matters requiring the 
approval of a Qualified Majority at the Board level (“ Reserved 
Matters”), all the Directors shall be free to express their own 
views. If the implementation of a Reserved Matter would require 
a decision of the shareholders’ meeting of the Company, Sogepa 
and GZBV shall consult each other with a view to reaching a 
common position. Should Sogepa and GZBV fail to reach 
a common position, Sogepa and GZBV shall remain free to 
exercise on a discretionary basis their votes.
Prior consultation. Sogepa and GZBV shall consult each other 
on any draft resolution submitted to the shareholders’ meeting 
other than related to Reserved Matters and the Board Rules.
Balance of Interests
The shareholders agree their common objective to seek a 
balance between themselves of their respective interest in the 
Company as follows:
 – to hold as closely as reasonably possible to 12% of the voting 
rights for Sogepa, together with any voting rights attributable 
to Sogepa and/or to the French State, pursuant to Dutch 
takeover rules except for voting rights attributable due to acting 
in concert with the other parties;
 – to hold as closely as reasonably possible to 12% of the voting 
rights for GZBV, together with any voting rights attributable to 
GZBV and/or to the German State, pursuant to Dutch takeover 
rules except for voting rights attributable due to acting in 
concert with the other parties;
 – to hold as closely as reasonably possible to 4% of the voting 
rights for SEPI, together with any voting rights attributable 
to SEPI and/or to the Spanish State, pursuant to Dutch 
takeover rules except for voting rights attributable due to acting 
in concert with the other parties.
Mandatory Takeover Threshold
The total aggregate voting rights of the shareholders shall always 
represent less than 30% of the voting rights of the Company, 
or less than any other threshold the crossing of which would 
trigger for any shareholder a mandatory takeover obligation 
(the “MTO Threshold ”). In the event that the total aggregate 
voting rights of the shareholders exceed the MTO Threshold, 
the shareholders shall take all appropriate actions as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but in any event within 30 days, to fall 
below the MTO Threshold.
Transfer of Securities
Permitted transfer.  Transfer of securities by any shareholder 
to one of its affiliates.
Pre-emption right.  Pro rata  pre-emption rights of the 
shareholders in the event any shareholder intends to transfer 
any of its securities to a third party directly or on the market.
Call-option right.  Call option right for the benefit of the 
shareholders in the event that the share capital or the voting 
rights of any shareholders cease to be majority owned directly or 
indirectly by the French State, the German State or the Spanish 
State as applicable.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 194:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
194 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Tag-along right.  Tag-along right for the benefit of SEPI in the 
event that Sogepa, the French State or any of their affiliates and 
any French public entity and GZBV, the German State or any of 
their affiliates and any public entity propose together to transfer 
all of their entire voting rights interests.
Various Provisions
Termination.  The Shareholders’ Agreement may cease to 
apply in respect of one or more Shareholders and/or their 
affiliates, subject to the occurrence of certain changes in its 
or their shareholding interest in the Company or in its or their 
shareholders.
Governing law. Laws of the Netherlands.
Jurisdiction.  Arbitration in accordance with the Rules of 
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce, with the 
seat of arbitration in The Hague (the Netherlands).
3.3.2.3 Undertakings with Respect 
to Certain Interests of Certain 
Stakeholders
The Company has made certain undertakings and entered into 
certain agreements in connection with certain interests of its 
former core shareholders and the German State.
State Security Agreements and Related 
Undertakings and Negotiations
The Company and the French State have entered into an 
amendment to the existing convention between them relating 
to the Company’s ballistic missiles business (as so amended, 
the “French State Security Agreement ”). Under the French 
State Security Agreement, certain sensitive French military 
assets are held by a Company subsidiary (the “French Defence 
Holding Company”). The French State has the right to approve 
or disapprove of – but not to propose or appoint – three outside 
Directors to the Board of Directors of the French Defence Holding 
Company (the “French Defence Outside Directors ”), at least 
two of whom must qualify as Independent Directors under the 
Board Rules if they were Members of the Board of Directors. 
Two of the French Defence Outside Directors are required also 
to be Members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
French Defence Outside Directors may neither (i) be employees, 
managers or corporate officers of a company belonging to 
the Company (although they may be Members of the Board 
of Directors of the Company) nor (ii) have material ongoing 
professional relationships with Airbus SE.
The Company and the German State have entered into an 
agreement relating to the protection of essential interests to 
the German State’s security (the “German State Security 
Agreement ”). Under the German State Security Agreement, 
certain sensitive German military activities are pursued directly 
or indirectly by a Company subsidiary (the “German Defence 
Holding Company”). The German State has the right to approve 
or disapprove of – but not to propose or appoint – three outside 
Directors to the Supervisory Board of the German Defence 
Holding Company (the “German Defence Outside Directors”), 
at least two of whom must qualify as Independent Directors under 
the Board Rules if they were Members of the Board of Directors. 
Two of the German Defence Outside Directors are required to 
also be Members of the Board of Directors. The qualifications to 
serve as a German Defence Outside Director are comparable to 
those to serve as a French Defence Outside Director.
In February 2021, the Company and the Spanish State entered 
into an agreement relating to the protection of essential security 
interests to the Spanish State (the “Spanish State Security 
Agreement ”). Under the Spanish State Security Agreement, 
certain sensitive Spanish military assets are held by a Company’s 
subsidiary (the “Spanish Defence Holding Company ”). 
Pursuant to the Spanish State Security Agreement, the Company 
granted the Spanish State a pre-emption right to acquire the 
sensitive assets as defined under the Spanish State Security 
Agreement. The pre-emption right applies in case the Spanish 
Defence Holding Company wishes to sell the sensitive assets to 
an entity outside Airbus or outside Spain’s territory. In such case, 
the Spanish State has the right to acquire the sensitive assets.
Dassault Aviation
The Company entered into an agreement with the French State 
pursuant to which the Company:
 – grants the French State a right of first offer in case of the sale 
of all or part of its shareholding in Dassault Aviation; and
 – commits to consult with the French State prior to making any 
decision at any shareholders’ meeting of Dassault Aviation.
The Company holds 9.90% of Dassault Aviation’s share capital.
For more information about Dassault Aviation, see “– Information 
on the Company’s Activities – 1.1.5 Investments”.
Stock Exchange Listings
The Company has undertaken to the parties to the Shareholders’ 
Agreement that for the duration of the Shareholders’ Agreement 
the Company’s shares will remain listed exclusively in France, 
Germany and Spain.
Specific Rights
French State: Pursuant to the “French State Security 
Agreement”, the Company has granted to the French State: 
(a) a veto right, and subsequently, a call option on the shares of 
the Company performing the ballistic missiles activity exercisable 
under certain circumstances, including if (i) a third party acquires, 
directly or indirectly, either alone or in concert, more than 15% 
or any multiple thereof of the share capital or voting rights of 
the Company, or (ii) the sale of the shares of such companies 
carrying out such activity is considered, and (b) a right to oppose 
the transfer of any such shares.
German State:  Pursuant to the “German State Security 
Agreement”, the Company and the German Defence Holding 
Company have granted to the German State a pre-emption right 
to acquire the sensitive activities, as defined under the German 
State Security Agreement. The pre-emption right applies in 
case the German Defence Holding Company wishes to sell the 
sensitive activities to an entity outside the Company, or outside 
the German territory, or the shares of a controlled entity which 
hosts sensitive activities. In such a case, the German State may 
acquire the shares of such a controlled entity. Furthermore, the 
German State has the right to acquire the sensitive activities in 
case the Company intends to allocate the sensitive activities 
outside Germany or to give-up the sensitive activities.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 195:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
195Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.3.3 Form of Shares
The shares of the Company are in registered form. The Board of Directors may decide with respect to all or certain shares, on 
shares in bearer form.
Shares shall be registered in the shareholders’ register without the issue of a share certificate or should the Board of Directors so 
decide, with respect to all or certain shares, with the issue of a certificate. Share certificates shall be issued in such form as the 
Board of Directors may determine. Registered shares shall be numbered in the manner to be determined by the Board of Directors.
3.3.4 Changes in the Shareholding of the Company
The evolution in ownership of the share capital and voting rights of the Company over the past three years is set forth in the table 
below:
Shareholders
Position as of  
31 December 2022
Position as of  
31 December 2021
Position as of  
31 December 2020
% of 
capital
% of 
voting 
rights
Number  
of shares
% of 
capital
% of 
voting 
rights
Number  
of shares
% of 
capital
% of 
voting 
rights
Number  
of shares
SOGEPA 10.89% 10.89% 85,835,477 10.92% 10.92% 85,835,477 10.95% 10.95% 85,835,477
GZBV (1) 10.87% 10.88% 85,709,822 10.90% 10.91% 85,709,822 10.93% 10.94% 85,709,822
SEPI 4.10% 4.10% 32,330,381 4.11% 4.11% 32,330,381 4.12% 4.13% 32,330,381
Sub-total New 
Shareholder Agt. 25.86% 25.87% 203,875,680 25.93% 25.94% 203,875,680 26.00% 26.01% 203,875,680
Public (2) 74.06% 74.05% 583,681,825 74.01% 74.05% 581,973,275 73.94% 73.99% 579,840,715
Own share buyback (3) 0.08% - 6 47,50 0 0.03% - 234,735 0.06% - 432,875
Total 100% 100% 788,205,008 100% 100% 786,083,690 100% 100% 784,149,270
(1) KfW & other German public entities.
(2) Including Company employees.
(3) The shares owned by the Company do not carry voting rights.
To the knowledge of the Company, there are no pledges over 
the shares of the Company.
The shareholding structure of the Company as of 31 December 
2022 is as shown in the diagram in “– 3.3.1 Shareholding 
Structure at the end of 2022”.
3.3.5 Persons Exercising Control over the Company
See “– 3.3.1 Shareholding Structure at the end of 2022” and “– 3.3.2 Relationships with Principal Shareholders”.
3.3.6 Simplified Group Structure Chart
The following chart illustrates the simplified organisational structure of Airbus as of 31 December 2022, comprising the Divisions 
and the main Business Units. See “– Information on the Company’s Activities – 1.1.1 Overview – Organisation of the Company’s 
Businesses”. For ease of presentation, certain intermediate holding companies have been omitted.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 196:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
196 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
AIRBUS SE
(The Netherlands)
Airbus Defence 
and Space GmbH
(Germany)
Elbe
Flugzeugwerke
GmbH
(Germany)
Airbus Defence
and Space 
Limited
(UK)
Airbus Operations
SAS
(France)
Airbus Operations
 Limited 
(UK)
Premium Aerotec
GmbH 
(Germany)
Airbus
Aerostructures 
GmbH 
(Germany)
Airbus Operations 
GmbH 
(Germany)
Airbus 
Operations, S.L.
(Spain)
Airbus Helicopters
(France)
Airbus Defence 
and Space, S.A.  
(Spain)
Computadoras, 
Redes
e Ingenieria, S.A.  
(Spain)
Airbus Helicopters
España, S.A. 
(Spain)
Airbus Helicopters
UK Limited 
(UK)
Airbus Helicopters
Deutschland 
GmbH 
(Germany)
94.73%
94.67%5.33 %
75%*50%*
45%
88.71%
11.29%
4.04%
5.27%
Airbus Americas,
Inc.
(USA)
Airbus Group
Inc.
(USA)
Airbus SAS 
(France)
Airbus Atlantic
(France)
Airbus Canada
Limited 
Partnership
(Canada)  
ATR GIE
(France)
Airbus DS Holding 
SAS
(France)
MBDA
(France)
Airbus Defence 
and Space SAS 
(France)
Airbus Defence 
and Space Holding
France SAS 
(France)
Ariane Group
50%*
99.99%
37.5%*
Airbus Defence and Space 
Airbus Helicopters
Ariane Group 
MBDA Group
Subsidiaries held with no indication of ownership percentage are 100% owned.
* Indirectly
Legal forms are indicated for information purposes and are not always part of the legal name.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 197:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
197Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.3.7 Purchase by the Company of its Own Shares
3.3.7.1 Dutch Law and Information on 
Share Repurchase Programmes
Under Dutch civil law, the Company may acquire its own shares, 
subject to certain provisions of the law of the Netherlands and 
the Articles of Association, if (i) the shareholders’ equity less the 
payment required to make the acquisition does not fall below 
the sum of paid-up and called portion of the share capital and 
any reserves required by the law of the Netherlands and (ii) the 
Company and its subsidiaries would not thereafter hold or hold 
in pledge shares with an aggregate nominal value exceeding 
one-half (50%) of the Company’s issued share capital. Share 
acquisitions may be effected by the Board of Directors only if 
the shareholders’ meeting has authorised the Board of Directors 
to effect such repurchases. Such authorisation may apply for a 
maximum period of 18 months.
For the authorisations granted to the Board of Directors at 
the AGM of Shareholders held on 12 April 2022, see “– 3.2.3 
Modification of Share Capital or Rights Attached to the Shares”.
3.3.7.2 European Regulation
Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation and EU Delegated 
Regulation no. 2016/1052, the Company is subject to conditions 
for share repurchase programmes and disclosure relating 
thereto. In particular, prior to implementing the share repurchase 
programme, the Company must ensure adequate disclosure of 
the following information: the purpose of the programme, the 
maximum pecuniary amount allocated to the programme, the 
maximum number of shares to be acquired, and the duration 
of the programme.
In addition, the Company must report to the competent authority 
of each trading venue on which the shares are admitted to trading 
or are traded no later than by the end of the seventh daily market 
session following the date of execution of the transaction, all the 
transactions relating to the buy-back programme and ensure 
adequate disclosure of that certain information relating thereto 
within the same time frame. These transactions must be posted 
on the Company’s website and be made available to the public 
for at least a five-year period from the date of adequate public 
disclosure.
3.3.7.3 French Regulations
As a result of its listing on a regulated market in France, the 
Company is subject to the European regulations summarised 
above in 3.3.7.2 (European Regulation ).
In addition, the Autorité des marchés financiers  (“ AMF”) 
General Regulations and AMF guidelines n°2017-04 define the 
conditions for a company’s trading in its own shares to be valid in 
accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation and EU Delegated 
Regulation no. 2016/1052.
Moreover, the Company must report to the AMF, on at least 
a monthly basis, all the specified information regarding such 
purchases previously published on its website and information 
concerning the cancellation of such repurchased shares.
3.3.7.4 German Regulations
As a foreign issuer, the Company is subject to German rules 
on repurchasing its own shares only to a limited extent, since 
German rules refer to the law of the Member State in which the 
Company is domiciled. In addition, general principles of German 
law on equal treatment of shareholders are applicable.
The European regulations summarised above in 3.3.7.2 
( European Regulation) also applies to the Company in Germany.
3.3.7.5 Spanish Regulations
As a foreign issuer, the Company is not subject to Spanish 
rules on trading in its own shares, which only apply to Spanish 
issuers. The European regulations summarised above in 3.3.7.2 
(European Regulation ) also applies to the Company in Spain.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 198:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.3 Shareholdings and Voting Rights
198 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.3.7.6 Description of the Share 
Repurchase Programme to Be 
Authorised by the Annual General 
Meeting of Shareholders to Be 
Held on 19 April 2023
Pursuant to Articles 241-2-I and 241-3 of the French AMF General 
Regulations, below is a description of the share repurchase 
programme (descriptif du programme ) to be implemented by 
the Company:
 – date of the shareholders’ meeting to authorise the share 
repurchase programme: 19 April 2023;
 – intended use of the Airbus SE shares held by the Company 
as of the date of this document: the owning of shares for the 
performance of obligations related to employee share option 
programmes or other allocations of shares to employees of 
Airbus and Airbus’ companies;
 – purposes of the share repurchase programme to be 
implemented by the Company (by order of decreasing 
priority, without any effect on the actual order of use of 
the repurchase authorisation, which will be determined 
on a case-by-case basis by the Board of Directors based 
on need):
 – the reduction of share capital by cancellation of all or part 
of the repurchased shares, it being understood that the 
repurchased shares shall not carry any voting or dividend 
rights,
 – the owning of shares for the performance of obligations 
related to (i) debt financial instruments convertible into 
Airbus SE shares, or (ii) employee share option programmes 
or other allocations of shares to employees of Airbus and 
Airbus’ companies,
 – the purchase of shares for retention and subsequent use for 
exchange or payment in the framework of potential external 
growth transactions, and
 – the liquidity or dynamism of the secondary market of the 
Airbus SE shares carried out pursuant to a liquidity agreement 
to be entered into with an independent investment services 
provider in compliance with the decision of the AMF dated 
1 October 2008 (as amended) related to approval of liquidity 
agreements recognised as market practices by the AMF;
 – procedure:
 – maximum portion of the issued share capital that may be 
repurchased by the Company: 10%,
 – maximum number of shares that may be repurchased by 
the Company: 78,820,500 shares, based on an issued share 
capital of 788,205,008 shares as of 16 February 2023,
 – the amounts to be paid in consideration for the purchase of 
the treasury shares must be, in accordance with applicable 
Dutch law, a price per share not less than the nominal 
value and not more than the higher of the price of the last 
independent trade and the highest current independent bid 
on the trading venues of the regulated market of the country 
in which the purchase is carried out;
 – the Company undertakes to maintain at any time a sufficient 
number of shares in public hands to meet the thresholds of 
Euronext, shares may be bought or sold at any time (including 
during a public offering) to the extent authorised by the stock 
exchange regulations and by any means, including, without 
limitation, by means of block trades and including the use of 
options, combinations of derivative financial instruments or 
the issue of securities giving rights in any way to Airbus SE 
shares within the limits set out in this document;
 – the portion of shares repurchased through the use of block 
trades may amount to all the shares to be repurchased 
in the context of this programme. In addition, in the event 
that derivative financial instruments are used, the Company 
will ensure that it does not use mechanisms which would 
significantly increase the volatility of the shares in particular 
in the context of call options, characteristics of the shares 
to be repurchased by the Company: shares of Airbus SE, a 
company listed on Euronext Paris, on the regulierter Markt 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and on the Madrid, Bilbao, 
Barcelona and Valencia Stock Exchanges;
 – maximum purchase price per share : not less than the 
nominal value and not more than the higher of the price of the 
last independent trade and the highest current independent 
bid on the trading venues of the regulated market of the 
country in which the purchase is carried out;
 – term of the share repurchase programme and other 
characteristics: this share repurchase programme shall be 
valid until 19 October 2024 inclusive, i.e.  the date of expiry of 
the authorisation requested from the AGM of Shareholders 
to be held on 19 April 2023.
As of the date of this document, the Company has not entered into 
any liquidity agreement with an independent investment services 
provider in the context of the share repurchase programme.
Share Repurchase Programme 202 2
In February 2022, the Company started implementing a share 
buyback programme that was conferred by Board of Directors 
on 12 April 2022 following the authorisation by the Company’s 
Annual General Meeting of shareholders on 12 April 2022. This 
share buyback programme is reported in accordance with the 
Market Abuse Regulation.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 199:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.4 Dividends
199Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
3.4  Dividends
3.4.1 Dividends and Cash Distributions Paid
Cash distributions paid to the shareholders are set forth in the table below:
Financial year Date of the cash distribution payment Gross amount per share(1)
2016 20 April 2017 € 1.35
2017 18 April 2018 € 1.50
2018 17 April 2019 € 1.65
2019 N/A € 0
2020 N/A € 0
2021 21 April 2022 € 1.50
(1)  Note: figures take into account the number of shares outstanding at the date of payment.
3.4.2 Dividend Policy of the Company
In December  2013, Airbus formalised a dividend policy 
demonstrating a strong commitment to shareholder returns. 
This policy targets sustainable growth in the dividend within a 
pay-out ratio of 30%-40%.
The Board of Directors will propose to the Annual General 
Meeting the payment to shareholders on 27 April 2023 of a 
dividend of € 1.80 per share (FY 2021: € 1.50).
The solid 2022 financial performance and our confidence in the 
future underpin the dividend proposal.
The proposed dividend increases the pay-out ratio from 28% 
for 2021 to 33% for 2022 and demonstrates our commitment to 
sustained dividend growth. The record date should be 26 April 
2023.
3.4.3 Unclaimed Dividends
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the claim for payment of 
a dividend or other distribution approved by the shareholders’ 
meeting shall lapse five years after the day on which such claim 
becomes due and payable. The claim for payment of interim 
dividends shall lapse five years after the day on which the claim 
for payment of the dividend against which the interim dividend 
could be distributed becomes due and payable.
3.4.4 Taxation
The statements below represent a broad analysis of the current 
tax laws of the Netherlands. The description is limited to the 
material tax implications for a holder of the Company’s shares 
(the “Shares”) who is not and is not deemed to be resident in 
the Netherlands for any Dutch tax purposes (a “ Non-Resident 
Holder”). Certain categories of holders of the Company’s shares 
may be subject to special rules which are not addressed below 
and which may be substantially different from the general rules 
described below. Investors who are in doubt as to their tax 
position in the Netherlands and in their state of residence should 
consult their professional advisors. Where the summary refers 
to “the Netherlands” or “Netherlands” or “Dutch”, it refers only 
to the European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 200:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  / 
3.4 Dividends
200 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Withholding Tax on Dividends
In general, a dividend distributed by the Company in respect of 
Shares will be subject to Dutch withholding tax at a statutory 
rate of 15%. Dividends include inter alia dividends in cash or in 
kind, deemed and constructive dividends, (partial) repayments 
of paid-in capital not recognised as capital for Dutch dividend 
withholding tax purposes, and liquidation proceeds in excess 
of the average paid-in capital recognised as capital for Dutch 
dividend withholding tax purposes. Stock dividends paid out of 
the Company’s paid-in-share premium, recognised as capital 
for Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes, will not be subject 
to this withholding tax.
A Non-Resident Holder of Shares can be eligible for a partial or 
complete exemption or refund of all or a portion of the above 
withholding tax pursuant to domestic rules or under a tax 
convention that is in effect between the Netherlands and the 
Non-Resident Holder’s country of residence for tax purposes. 
The Netherlands has concluded such conventions with the 
US, Canada, Switzerland, Japan, almost all European Union 
Member States and other countries.
Conditional Withholding Tax  
on Dividends per 2024
As of 1 January 2024, a conditional withholding tax may 
apply against the highest corporate tax rate (i.e. 25.8% in 
2023) on dividends distributed by the Company to an affiliated 
(gelieerde) entity of it if such entity (i) is considered to be resident 
( gevestigd ) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated 
Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten 
en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), 
or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction 
to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the 
interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main 
purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of 
residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) 
entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is 
not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or 
(vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a 
participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang ) 
in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent 
and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or 
more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to 
the participant directly, all within the meaning of the Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting  2021).
If the dividend withholding tax and the conditional dividend 
withholding tax as per 2024 will cumulate, the conditional 
dividend withholding tax will be reduced by the actual dividend 
withholding tax levied resulting in that the aggregate tax rate 
on dividends may rise from 15% to the highest corporate tax 
rate (i.e. 25.8% in 2023).
Withholding Tax on Sale or 
Other Dispositions of Shares
Payments on the sale or other dispositions of Shares will not 
be subject to Dutch withholding tax, unless the sale or other 
disposition is, or is deemed to be, made to the Company or 
a direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company. In principle, 
a redemption or sale to the Company or a direct or indirect 
subsidiary of the Company will be deemed to be a dividend 
and will be subject to the rules set forth in “Withholding Tax on 
Dividends” above.
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains
A Non-Resident Holder who receives dividends distributed by 
the Company on Shares or who realises a capital gain derived 
from Shares, will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or 
a capital gain unless:
 – the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise 
or part thereof which is either effectively managed in the 
Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment 
(vaste inrichting ) or permanent representative ( vaste 
vertegenwoordiger ) taxable in the Netherlands and the holder 
of Shares derives profits from such enterprise (other than by 
way of the holding of securities); or
 – the Non-Resident Holder is an entity and has, directly or 
indirectly, a substantial interest ( aanmerkelijk belang ) or 
a deemed substantial interest in the Company and such 
interest is held by the Non-Resident Holder with the main 
purpose of or one of the main purposes of avoiding personal 
income tax for another person; or
 – the Non-Resident Holder is an individual and such holder or 
a connected person to such holder (verbonden persoon) has, 
directly or indirectly, a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) 
or a deemed substantial interest in the Company which is not 
attributable to an enterprise; or
 – the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden ) in the Netherlands as defined in the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001 ( Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including 
without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active portfolio 
management (normaal actief vermogensbeheer ).
Generally, a Non-Resident Holder of Shares will not have a 
substantial interest in the Company’s share capital, unless the 
Non-Resident Holder, alone or together with certain related 
persons holds, jointly or severally directly or indirectly, Shares 
in the Company, or a right to acquire Shares in the Company 
representing 5% or more of the Company’s total issued and 
outstanding share capital or any class thereof. Generally, a 
deemed substantial interest exists if all or part of a substantial 
interest has been or is deemed to have been disposed of with 
application of a roll-over relief.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 201:
3. General Description of the Company and its Share Capital  /
0303
3.4 Dividends
201Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Gift or Inheritance Taxes
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion 
of the transfer of Shares by way of gift by, or on the death of, 
a Non-Resident Holder, unless the transfer is construed as an 
inheritance or gift made by or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant provisions.
Value Added Tax
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Shares 
in respect of dividends on the Shares or on the transfer of the 
Shares.
Other Taxes and Duties
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar 
tax or duty other than court fees payable in the Netherlands by a 
holder of Shares in respect of or in connection with the execution, 
delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any 
foreign judgement in the courts of the Netherlands) with respect 
to the dividends on the Shares or on the transfer of the Shares.
Residence
A Non-Resident Holder will not become resident, or be deemed 
to be resident, in the Netherlands solely as a result of holding 
a Share or of the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of rights in respect of the Shares.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 202:
Chapter 
202 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2021

Page 203:
203 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2021
04
Corporate  
Governance
4.1 Management and Control 204
4.1.1 Corporate Governance Arrangements 204
4.1.2 Dutch Corporate Governance Code, “Comply or Explain” 228
4.1.3 Enterprise Risk Management System 229
4.1.4 Internal Audit 231
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers 232
4.2.1 Remuneration Policy 232
4.2.2 Long-Term Incentives Granted to the Chief Executive Officer 247
4.2.3 Related Party Transactions 247
4.3 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Plans 248
4.3.1 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Agreements 248
4.3.2 Employee Share Ownership Plans 248
4.3.3 Long-Term Incentive Plans 249

Page 204:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
204 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
4.1 Management and Control
The corporate governance arrangements of the Company were 
substantially changed pursuant to the Multiparty Agreement, 
including changes in the composition of the Board of Directors 
and the rules governing its internal affairs (the “Board Rules”). 
These changes are intended to further normalise and simplify 
the Company’s corporate governance, reflecting an emphasis 
on best corporate governance practices and the absence of a 
controlling shareholder group. Below is a summary description 
of such changes.
4.1.1 Corporate Governance Arrangements
4.1.1.1 Board of Directors
a) Composition, Powers and Rules
Under the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors consists 
of at most 12 Directors. Under the Board Rules, each Board 
Director shall retire at the close of the AGM held three years 
following his or her appointment, unless the said mandate is 
renewed. Under the Board Rules, at least a majority of the 
Members of the Board of Directors (i.e. 7/12) must be European 
Union nationals (“EU”; any reference in the Board Rules to the EU 
includes the UK and its constituent countries, notwithstanding 
the withdrawal of the UK from the EU) (including the Chairman 
of the Board of Directors) and a majority of such majority ( i.e. 
4/7) must be both EU nationals and residents. No Director 
may be an active civil servant. The Board of Directors has one 
Executive Director and 11 Non-Executive Directors. While the 
Board of Directors appoints the Chief Executive Officer of the 
Company (the “CEO”), the CEO is required to be an Executive 
Director and must be an EU national and resident; therefore it 
is anticipated that the Board of Directors will appoint as CEO 
the person appointed by the shareholders as an Executive 
Director. At least nine of the Non-Executive Directors must be 
“Independent Directors” (including the Chairman of the Board 
of Directors).
Under the Board Rules, an “Independent Director” is a Non-
Executive Director who is independent within the meaning of 
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the “Dutch Code”) and 
meets additional independence standards. Specifically, where 
the Dutch Code would determine non-independence, in part, 
by reference to a Director’s relationships with shareholders who 
own at least 10% of the Company, the Board Rules determine 
such Director’s non-independence, in relevant part, by reference 
to such Director’s relationships with shareholders who own at 
least 5% of the Company. According to the criteria of the Dutch 
Code and the Board Rules, all Non-Executive Directors (including 
the Chairman) presently qualify as an “Independent Director”.
The Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee of the 
Board of Directors (the “ RNGC”) is charged with recommending 
to the Board of Directors the names of candidates to succeed 
Board Members after consultation with the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors and the CEO.
The Board of Directors, deciding by simple majority of the 
votes cast (a “ Simple Majority ”), proposes individuals to the 
shareholders’ meeting of the Company for appointment as 
Directors by the shareholders’ meeting. No shareholder or group 
of shareholders, or any other entity, has the right to propose, 
nominate or appoint any Directors other than the rights available 
to all shareholders under Dutch law.
In addition to the membership and composition rules described 
above, the RNGC, in recommending candidates for the Board 
of  Directors, and the Board of  Directors in its resolutions 
proposed to the shareholders’ meeting regarding the renewal 
or appointment of Directors, are both required to apply the 
following principles:
 – the preference for the best candidate for the position;
 – the preference for gender diversity between equal profiles;
 – the maintenance of appropriate skills mix and geographical 
experience;
 – the maintenance, in respect of the number of Members of 
the Board of Directors, of the observed balance among the 
nationalities of the candidates in respect of the location of the 
main industrial centres of the Company (in particular among the 
nationals of France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom, 
where these main industrial centres are located); and
 – at least a majority of the Members of the Board of Directors 
(i.e. 7/12) shall be EU nationals (including the Chairman), and 
a majority of such majority ( i.e. 4/7) shall be both EU nationals 
and residents (including the UK and its constituent countries, 
notwithstanding a withdrawal of the UK from the EU).
In accordance with these principles the Board of Directors shall 
continue to seek greater diversity with respect to gender, age, 
geography, education, profession and background.
In 2022, Mrs Rummelhoff and Mr Wood joined the Board of 
Directors as non-Executive Directors replacing, respectively, 
Mr Tavares and Lord Drayson. Irene Rummelhoff has substantial 
experience in the energy sector, notably in the field of energy 
transition and renewables. Antony Wood notably brings a 
comprehensive experience of the aerospace industry and 
defence sector. Both have the right competencies and personal 
skills to fulfil their position in line with the Board of Directors’ 
expectations and the evolution of the Company’s business.
At the end of 2022, the average age of the members of the Board 
of Directors was 60. The proportion of female representation 
on the Board of Directors is one third. The Board of Directors 
composition shows a balanced mix of experience with, for 
example, seven members having aerospace industry skills, 
five having manufacturing and production skills, five having 
sustainability skills, five having geopolitical skills, nine having 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 205:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
205Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
finance skills and four having information or data management 
skills. More details about the diversity of the members of the 
Board of Directors are available in the table (Airbus SE Board of 
Directors until AGM 2023).
The Board of Directors is required to take into account, in the 
resolutions proposed in respect of the renewal or nomination 
of Directors presented to the shareholders’ meeting, the 
undertakings of the Company to the French State, pursuant to 
the amendment to the French State Security Agreement, and 
to the German State, pursuant to the German State Security 
Agreement, in each case as described more fully above. In 
practice, this means that at all times the Board of Directors 
needs to have: (i) two Directors who should also be French 
Defence Outside Directors (as defined above) of the French 
Defence Holding Company (as defined above) who have been 
proposed by the Company and consented to by the French 
State and (ii) two Directors who should also be German Defence 
Outside Directors (as defined above) of the German Defence 
Holding Company (as defined above) who have been proposed 
by the Company and consented to by the German State.
The RNGC endeavours to avoid a complete replacement of 
outgoing Directors by new candidates, and draws up an 
appointment and reappointment schedule for the Directors after 
consultation with the Chairman and the CEO. In drawing up such 
a schedule, the RNGC considers the continuity of company-
specific knowledge and experience within the Board of Directors, 
also taking into account that a Director should at the time of his/
her appointment or re-appointment not be older than 75 years 
and ensuring that at least one third of Directors’ positions are 
either renewed or replaced every year for a term of three years. 
This is to avoid large block replacements of Directors at one 
single AGM, with the corresponding loss of experience and 
integration challenges, provided that exceptions to these rules 
may be agreed by the Board of Directors if specific circumstances 
provide an appropriate justification for such exceptions.
b) Role of the Board of Directors
Most Board of Directors’ decisions can be made by a Simple 
Majority, but certain decisions must be made by a two-thirds 
majority (i.e. eight favourable votes) of votes cast by the Directors 
regardless of whether they are present or represented in 
respect of the decision (a “Qualified Majority ”). In addition, 
amendments to certain provisions of the Board Rules require 
the unanimous approval of the Board of Directors, with no more 
than one Director not being present or represented (including 
provisions relating to nationality and residence requirements with 
respect to Members of the Board of Directors and the Executive 
Committee). However, no individual Director or class of Directors 
has a veto right with respect to any Board of Directors’ decisions.
The Board Rules specify that in addition to the Board of 
Directors’ responsibilities under applicable law and the Articles 
of Association, the Board of Directors is responsible for certain 
enumerated categories of decisions. Under the Articles of 
Association, the Board of Directors is responsible for the 
management of the Company. Under the Board Rules, the Board 
of Directors delegates the execution of the strategy as approved 
by the Board of Directors and the day-to-day management of 
the Company to the CEO, who, supported by the Executive 
Committee and its executive leadership team, makes decisions 
with respect to the management of the Company. However, 
the CEO should not enter transactions that form part of the 
key responsibilities of the Board of Directors, unless these 
transactions have been approved by the Board of Directors.
Matters that require Board of Directors’ approval include among 
others, the following items (by Simple Majority unless otherwise 
noted):
 – approving any change in the nature and scope of the business 
of the Company;
 – debating and approving the overall strategy and the strategic 
plan of the Company;
 – approving the operational business plan of the Company 
(the “Business Plan”) and the yearly budget of the Company 
(the “ Yearly Budget ”), including the plans for investment, 
R&D, Employment, Finance and, as far as applicable, major 
programmes;
 – nominating, suspending or revoking the Chairman of the Board 
of Directors and the CEO (Qualified Majority);
 – approving of all the members of the Executive Committee as 
proposed by the CEO and their service contracts and other 
contractual matters in relation to the Executive Committee and 
deciding upon the appointment and removal of the Secretary 
to the Board of Directors on the basis of the recommendation 
of the RNGC;
 – approving the relocation of the headquarters of the 
principal companies of the Company and of the operational 
headquarters of the Company (Qualified Majority);
 – approving decisions in connection with the location of new 
industrial sites material to the Company or the change of the 
location of existing activities that are material to the Company;
 – approving decisions to invest and initiate programmes financed 
by the Company, acquisition, divestment or sale decisions, in 
each case for an amount in excess of € 300 million;
 – approving decisions to invest and initiate programmes financed 
by the Company, acquisition, divestment or sale decisions, in 
each case for an amount in excess of € 800 million (Qualified 
Majority);
 – approving decisions to enter into and terminate strategic 
alliances at the level of the Company or at the level of one of 
its principal subsidiaries (Qualified Majority);
 – approving matters of shareholder policy, major actions or 
major announcements to the capital markets; and
 – approving decisions in respect of other measures and business 
of fundamental significance for the Company or which involves 
an abnormal level of risk.
The Board of Directors must have a certain number of Directors 
present or represented at a meeting to take action. This quorum 
requirement depends on the action to be taken. For the Board 
of Directors to make a decision on a Simple Majority matter, 
a majority of the Directors must be present or represented. 
For the Board of Directors to make a decision on a Qualified 
Majority matter, at least ten of the Directors must be present or 
represented. If the Board of Directors cannot act on a Qualified 
Majority Matter because this quorum is not satisfied, the quorum 
would decrease to eight of the Directors at a new duly called 
meeting.
In addition, the Board Rules detail the rights and duties of the 
members of the Board of Directors and set out the core principles 
which each member of the Board of Directors shall comply 
with and shall be bound. These principles include acting in the 
best interests of the Company and its stakeholders, devoting 
necessary time and attention to the carrying out of their duties 
and avoiding any and all conflicts of interest.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 206:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
206 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
c) The Board of Directors
(i) Airbus SE Board of Directors until Annual General Meeting 2023
Board member Status Since Term Primary occupation Director expertise Board Committee attendance (4)
Age (1), Gender, Nationality expires & Other mandates attendance Audit RNGC ECSC
René  
OBERMANN
59, M, German
Independent
2018, 
previous 
re-election 
in 2021
2024
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Airbus SE and 
Managing Director of Warburg 
Pincus Deutschland GmbH
 
13/13
Guillaume  
FAURY
54, M, French
Executive
2019, 
previous 
re-election 
in 2022
2025
Chief Executive Officer  
of Airbus SE, Member  
of the Board of Directors 
of AXA SA
 13/13
Victor 
CHU
65, M, Chinese / 
British
Independent
2018, 
previous 
re-election 
in 2021
2024
Chairman and CEO of First 
Eastern Investment Group 
and Member of the Board 
of Nomura Holdings Inc.
10/13 5/5
Jean-Pierre 
CLAMADIEU
64, M, French
Independent
2018, 
previous 
re-election 
in 2021
2024
Chairman of the Board  
of Engie and Member 
of the Board of AXA SA
13/13 5/5  
4/4
Ralph D.  
CROSBY, Jr.
75, M, American
Independent
2013, 
previous 
re-election 
in 2020
2023(2)
Member of the Board 
of Directors of Excelitas 
Holdings, LP
13/13 4/4
Mark 
DUNKERLEY
59, M, British /
American
Independent 2020 2023(2)
Member of the Board 
of Directors of Spirit 
Airlines Inc. and Volotea 
Airlines
13/13 5/5
4/4 
(post 
AGM)
Stephan 
GEMKOW
63, M, German
Independent 2020 2023(2)
Member of the Board 
of Directors of Amadeus 
IT Group and Flughafen 
Zürich AG
13/13 5/5
Catherine 
GUILLOUARD
58, F, French
Independent
2016, 
previous 
re-election 
in 2022
2025
Member of the 
Supervisory Board of KPN 
and Chairwoman of 
the Supervisory Board 
of Ingenico
  13/13
5/5
4/4
Amparo  
MORALEDA
58, F, Spanish
Independent
2015, 
previous 
re-election 
in 2021
2024
Member of the Board 
of Directors of A.P. Moller - 
Maersk A/S, CaixaBank SA 
and Vodafone PLC
 13/13
5/5
3/4
Claudia  
NEMAT
54, F, German
Independent
2016, 
previous 
re-election 
in 2022
2025
Member of the Board 
of Management of Deutsche 
Telekom AG
12/13 4/5
Irene 
RUMMELHOFF
56, F, Norwegian
Independent 2022 2025
EVP of Marketing, Midstream 
and Processing and Member 
of the Corporate Executive 
Committee of Equinor ASA
10/10  
(post  
AGM)
3/3 
(post 
AGM)
Tony 
WOOD(3)
56, M, British
Independent 2022 2026
Member of the Board 
of Directors  
of National Grid PLC
1/1  
(from Dec 
BoD)
Board and Committee meetings in 2022 13 5 5 4
Average attendance rate in 2022 96% 100% 95% 95%
Chair Global  
Business
Engineering  
& Technology
Manufacturing 
& Production
Aerospace  
Industry
Finance  
& Audit
Geopolitical 
Economics
Defence  
Industry
Information & Data 
Management
Asia Sustainability
(1) As of 15 February 2023.  
(2) Proposed for re-election in 2023.
(3) Appointed at December 2022 Board of Directors’ (BoD) meeting, subject to appointment by 2023 AGM.
(4) Two Ad Hoc Committee meetings were held in 2022 to address some specific strategic topics (as per 4.1.3 Board Committees section).  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 207:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
207Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
(ii) Curriculum Vitae  and Other Mandates and Duties Performed in any Company by the Members 
of the Board of Directors in 2022
The Company has not appointed observers to the Board of Directors. Pursuant to applicable Dutch law, the employees are not 
entitled to elect a Director. There is no minimum number of shares that must be held by a Director.
René OBERMANN
CURRICULUM VITAE
René Obermann is Co-Head of Europe and Managing Director of Warburg Pincus Deutschland GmbH, 
a leading global private equity firm that he joined in 2015. In addition, he is Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board at IONOS Group SE, a leading European web hosting and cloud company, and a 
Member of the Board of Directors at ISAT Connect Bidco Limited (the holding company for the Inmarsat 
group), a satellite network provider. René Obermann previously served as a member of the Board of various 
companies including Allianz Deutschland AG, Spotify and Telenor.
René worked as CEO of Ziggo BV in The Netherlands in 2014 until the merger with LibertyGlobal’s 
UPC in November 2020. Prior to Ziggo, René worked at Deutsche Telekom Group (DT) from 1998 until 
2013. After running DT’s mobile Division (T-Mobile International), he was appointed as CEO of Deutsche 
Telekom AG in November 2006, where he remained until December 2013.
René began his career with a business traineeship at BMW AG in Munich. Next, he founded his own 
business in 1986: ABC Telekom, a company distributing telecommunication equipment and providing 
technical services. After the acquisition of ABC Telekom by Hutchison Whampoa in 1991, René became 
Managing Partner of the resulting company: Hutchison Mobilfunk GmbH. Between 1993 and 1998, he was 
CEO of that company.
From 2007-2013, René also served as Vice-President of the German Association for Information Technology, 
Telecommunications and New Media (BITKOM).
59 years old
Director since 2018, 
Re-elected in 2021
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Managing Director of Warburg Pincus 
Deutschland GmbH;
 - Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
IONOS Group SE;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of ISAT 
Connect Bidco Limited (the holding company for 
the Inmarsat Group).
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 1&1 
IONOS SE (until September 2021);
 - Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz 
Deutschland AG (until March 2020);
 - Member of the Supervisory Board of Inexio 
Informationstechnologie und Telekommunikation 
KGaA (until September 2019);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Telenor ASA 
(until August 2019);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of 
ThyssenKrupp AG (until August 2018);
 - Managing Director of Warburg Pincus LLC, 
London (until July 2018).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 208:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
208 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Guillaume Faury
CURRICULUM VITAE
Guillaume Faury was appointed Airbus Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in April 2019 and was reappointed 
in 2022. Guillaume leads the Company’s Executive Committee. He was previously President of Airbus’ 
commercial aircraft business, a role he had held since February 2018.
Additionally, since April 2021, Guillaume is a member of the Board of Directors of AXA SA and since July 2021 
he is the President of the Groupement des Industries Françaises de l’Aéronautique et du Spatial (GIFAS), 
the French aerospace industries association.
Prior to this, Guillaume was Chief Executive Officer of Airbus Helicopters (2013-2018), where his achievements 
included restructuring its manufacturing system and introducing new technologies. Before that, he enjoyed 
a four-year spell in the car industry at Peugeot (2009-2013), the French automotive manufacturer, rising 
to become the Executive Vice-President for research and development and a member of the company’s 
management board. He presided over significant advances in Peugeot’s lower-emissions hybrid-engine 
technology and the overhaul of the company’s product range, among other accomplishments.
Between 1998 and 2008, he held various leadership positions in engineering, programmes and flight testing 
in Airbus’ helicopter business, which at the time operated under the name of Eurocopter. He became 
Executive Vice-President for Programmes and a member of the Eurocopter Executive Committee, before 
being appointed as Executive Director for research and development.
Guillaume began his career in 1992 as a flight-test engineer for the Eurocopter Tiger helicopter in the 
Direction Générale de l’Armement  (DGA), the French government agency responsible for the development 
and purchase of defence systems for the French armed forces.
He graduated from the École polytechnique in Paris in 1990 and, subsequently, from the École nationale 
supérieure de l’aéronautique et de l’espace in Toulouse.
Guillaume’s love of flying and aviation dates back to his childhood. He is a qualified light-aircraft pilot and 
helicopter flight-test engineer with 1,300 hours of flying experience. He was born in 1968 in Cherbourg, 
Normandy, and is married with three children.
55 years old
Director since 2019
Re-elected in 2022
Executive
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board 
of Directors and of the Executive Committee 
of Airbus SE;
 - President of Airbus SAS;
 - Member of the Advisory Board of AIRBUS 
GROUP VENTURES FUND II, LP;
 - Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association  
of Europe (until June 2023);
 - President of Groupement des Industries 
Françaises Aéronautiques et Spatiales (GIFAS) 
(until July 2023);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of AXA SA.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Canada Managing GP Inc. (until December 2021);
 - Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airbus US 
A220, Inc. (until December 2021);
 - Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Airbus 
Operations GmbH (until June 2020);
 - Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Corporate Foundation (until April 2020);
 - Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
(China) Enterprise Management and Services Co. 
Limited (until November 2019);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus Africa 
and Middle East FZE (until November 2019);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Americas, Inc. (until October 2019);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Tallano 
Technologies SAS (until September 2019);
 - Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Helicopters España, SA (until July 2018);
 - Member of the Supervisory Board of Airbus 
Helicopters Deutschland GmbH (until May 2018);
 - Managing Director ( Directeur Généra l) 
of Airbus SAS (until April 2018);
 - President of Airbus Helicopters (SAS) 
(until April 2018);
 - President of Airbus Helicopters Holding (SAS) 
(until April 2018);
 - Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Helicopters, Inc. (until April 2018).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 209:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
209Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Victor Chu
CURRICULUM VITAE
Victor Chu graduated as a lawyer in London. He was admitted to practice law in England and Hong Kong. 
After completing his training with Herbert Smith, the City law firm, Victor moved back to Hong Kong in 1982 
with Herbert Smith. He has since handled a wide array of mandates in the field of corporate, commercial 
and securities law, with special emphasis on China and regional investment transactions. In late 1985, 
he founded Victor Chu & Co., which has become one of the leading law firms in Hong Kong.
In 1988, Victor Chu created the First Eastern Investment Group, a Hong Kong based international investment 
firm which he has lead since then as Chairman and CEO. First Eastern specialises in private equity 
investments, venture capital investments and investments in the expansion stage of business development. 
Victor Chu was part of the first wave of specialists in the Chinese market. He penetrated China early and 
built a lot of relationships at the highest level in the country. Victor Chu also currently serves as a Member 
of the Board of Nomura Holdings Inc.
Victor Chu has been instrumental in gaining the confidence of major international investors and institutions 
ready to co-invest with First Eastern Investment Group. Key projects have included toll roads, water treatment 
operations, property and manufacturing industries and FinTech, as well as the launch of Japanese budget 
airline Peach Aviation.
Victor Chu is an extremely respected business figure in Hong Kong and Asia. In addition to his business 
activities, he has been very active with several international institutions such as The World Economic 
Forum and The Royal Institute of International Affairs. He is also a generous philanthropist in the field 
of environmental protection (having served on Global Ocean Commission and WWF) and education 
(currently Chair of Council at University College London).
65 years old
Director since 2018, 
Re-elected in 2021
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Chairman and CEO of First Eastern Investment 
Group;
 - Member of the Board of Grand Harbour 
Marina PLC;
 - Member of the Board of Camper & Nicholsons 
Marina Investments;
 - Member of the Board of FE Securities;
 - Member of the Board of Peach Aviation;
 - Member of the Board of Evolution Securities Asia;
 - Member of the Board of Sustainable 
Development Capital;
 - Co-Chair of the International Business Council 
(by World Economic Forum);
 - Senior Partner of Victor Chu & Co;
 - Member of the Board of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Alternate Member of the Board of China 
Merchants China Direct (until September 2021);
 - Member of the Board of China Merchants China 
Direct (until April 2020).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 210:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
210 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Jean-Pierre Clamadieu
CURRICULUM VITAE
Jean-Pierre Clamadieu graduated from École Nationale Supérieure des Mines de Paris before becoming 
Chief Engineer of the Corps of Mines. Between 1981 and 1993, he worked mainly for the French Ministry 
of lndustry and as Technical Advisor to the Minister of Labor.
In 1993, Jean-Pierre Clamadieu joined RhônePoulenc to develop new activities in the field of automobile 
pollution control. ln the following years, he held several executive positions in the Rhodia group, as President 
of Rhodia’s Chemicals in Latin America, President of Rhodia Eco Services, Senior Vice-President for Rhodia 
Corporate Purchasing, President of Rhodia Organic Fine Chemicals Division and President of Rhodia 
Pharmaceuticals & Agrochemicals Division.
In October 2003, Mr Clamadieu was appointed CEO of Rhodia, and became its Chairman & CEO in 
March 2008. Following a merger between Rhodia and the Belgian chemical group Solvay in 2011, 
Mr Clamadieu was appointed CEO of the new Solvay group. Since his appointment, Jean-Pierre Clamadieu 
led the integration of the new group and its transformation into a major player in the field of specialty 
chemicals and advanced materials, which combines industrial competitiveness with the quest for sustainable 
solutions for its clients. His mandate at Solvay SA ended in March 2019.
Since May 2018, Mr Clamadieu serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of ENGIE, a French energy 
company. He also serves as a Member of the Board of Directors at AXA SA.
Jean-Pierre Clamadieu also promotes an ambitious and coordinated European energy policy.
64 years old
Director since 2018, 
Re-elected in 2021
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Chairman of the Board of ENGIE;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of AXA SA 
(until April 2023);
 - Chairman of the Board of Opéra National 
de Paris.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Chairman of the Executive Committee and CEO 
of Solvay SA (until March 2019);
 - Member of the Board of Solvay Specialty 
Chemicals Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd (Singapore) 
(until March 2019);
 - Director of Cytec Industries Inc. 
(until March 2019);
 - Director Cytec UK Holding Inc. (until March 2019);
 - Member of the Board of Solvay Finances SA 
(Luxembourg) (until March 2018);
 - Member of the Board of Faurecia SA (France) 
(until February 2018).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 211:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
211Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Ralph Dozier Crosby, Jr.
CURRICULUM VITAE
Ralph Crosby is a Member of the Board of Directors of Excelitas Holdings, LP, headquartered in Boston. 
Previously, he served until May 2021 as an Independent Director of American Electric Power headquartered 
in Columbus, Ohio, where he chaired the Human Resources Committee. He was Member of the Executive 
Committee of EADS from 2002 -2012 as well as Chairman and CEO of EADS North America from 2002 
– 2009. Prior to joining EADS, Mr Crosby was an Executive within Northrop Grumman Corporation, where 
he had served as a Member of the Corporate Policy Council with positions including President of the 
Integrated Systems Sector, Corporate Vice-President and General Manager of the company’s Commercial 
Aircraft Division and of the B-2 Division. Prior to his industry career, Mr Crosby served as an officer in the 
US Army, where his last military assignment was as military staff assistant to the Vice-President of the 
United States. Mr Crosby is a graduate of the US Military Academy at West Point, and holds Master’s 
degrees from Harvard University, and the University of Geneva, Switzerland. He is the recipient of the 
James Forrestal Award from the National Defense Industrial Association and has been awarded Chevalier 
of the Légion d’Honneur of France.
75 years old
Director since 2013, 
Re-elected in 2020
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Excelitas 
Holdings, LP .
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Member of the Board of Directors of American 
Electric Power Corporation (until May 2021);
 - Member of the Board of Directors and 
of the Executive Committee of the Atlantic 
Council of the United States (until August 2018).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 212:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
212 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Mark DUNKERLEY
CURRICULUM VITAE
Mark Dunkerley received his BS in Economics from The London School of Economics and Political Science 
and his MS in Air Transport Management from Cranfield University in the UK.
Between 1989-1999, he held various senior positions at British Airways Plc. in a corporate strategy capacity 
as well as in regional roles in Europe and the USA encompassing notably the management of sales, 
marketing, customer services, operations, finance, industrial relations, human resources and alliances.
Thereafter, Mr Dunkerley successively served as President and COO of Worldwide Flight Services, a leading 
multinational ground handling business, as Executive Vice-President at the San Francisco-based aviation 
consultancy firm, Roberts Roach & Associates and as COO at Sabena Airlines Group.
In 2002, Mark Dunkerley joined Hawaiian Airlines, first as President and COO and from 2005 as President 
and CEO (including of the parent company, Hawaiian Holdings, Inc.) where he led the transformation of the 
company from bankruptcy into one of the world’s most successful airlines from which he retired in 2018.
Mr Dunkerley currently serves as Non-Executive Director of Spirit Airlines Inc., a NASDAQ listed US airline 
and of Volotea Airlines, a privately-owned low-cost airline operating in Europe.
59 years old
Director since 2020
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Spirit 
Airlines Inc.;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Volotea 
Airlines;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of the 
Smithsonian Air & Space Museum.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - President, CEO and Board Member of 
the Board of Directors of Hawaiian Airlines Inc. 
(until March 2018);
 - President, CEO and Board Member of the 
Board of Directors of Hawaiian Holdings Inc. 
(until March 2018);
 - Member of the Board of Governors of IATA (until 
March 2018);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airlines 
of America (until March 2018);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Hawaii 
Chamber of Commerce and Business 
Roundtable (until March 2018).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 213:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
213Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Stephan GEMKOW
CURRICULUM VITAE
Stephan Gemkow studied business administration at the University of Paderborn, Germany, and at St. Olaf 
College in Minnesota, USA.
From 1988 to 1990 he worked as a management consultant at BDO Deutsche Warentreuhand AG in 
Hamburg.
Between 1990 and 2012, he held various management positions at Deutsche Lufthansa AG in Frankfurt and 
Washington, such as Sales Manager, Head of Investors Relations, Head of Corporate Finance and Human 
Resources for the Cargo Division which he accompanied through a major reorganisation. From 2006 to 
2012, Mr Gemkow served as Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Management Board of Deutsche 
Lufthansa AG which he successfully lead through growth, global expansion as well as the financial crisis.
In 2012, he took the position of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Franz 
Haniel & Cie, one of the largest family-owned investment holdings, based in Germany, where he drove the 
company through important restructuring and investment phases in a complex stakeholder management 
context and where he remained until June 2019.
Mr Gemkow furthermore served as Chairman on the Supervisory Boards of TAKKT AG and Celesio AG 
(now known as McKesson Europe AG), and as member of the Supervisory Board of Evonik Industries AG.
Stephan Gemkow currently holds positions as non-executive member in the Board of Directors of Amadeus 
IT Group, Flughafen Zürich AG and CD Waelzholz GmbH & Co. KG.
Stephan Gemkow currently serves as senior advisor to BNP Paribas Group Germany since May 2021.
63 years old
Director since 2020
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Defence and Space GmbH;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Amadeus IT 
Group SA;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Flughafen 
Zürich AG;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of CD 
Waelholz GmbH & Co. KG.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Member of the Board of Directors of JetBlue 
Airways Corporation (until March 2020);
 - CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
of Franz Haniel & Cie. GmbH (until June 2019);
 - Chairman of the Supervisory Board of TAKKT AG 
(until May 2019).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 214:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
214 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Catherine Guillouard
CURRICULUM VITAE
Catherine Guillouard began her career in 1993 at the Ministry of Economy in the French Treasury working 
for the department in charge of the Africa – CFA zone and later in the Banking Affairs Department. 
She joined Air France in 1997 as IPO Senior Project Manager. She was subsequently appointed Deputy 
Vice-President Finance Controlling in 1999, Senior Vice-President of Flight Operations in 2001, Senior 
Vice-President of Human Resources and Change Management in 2003 and Senior Vice-President of 
Finance in 2005. In September 2007, she joined Eutelsat as Chief Financial Officer and member of the 
Group Executive Committee.
Ms Guillouard joined Rexel in April 2013 as Chief Financial Officer and Group Senior Vice-President. 
Between May 2014 and February 2017 she was Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Rexel. From August 2017 
to September 2022, Ms Guillouard served as Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of RATP Group, the 
third largest urban transportation operator in the world with nearly 16 million daily passengers in 12 countries 
and 4 continents. In April 2020, Ms Guillouard became a member of the Supervisory Board of KPN, one 
of the leading telecommunications and IT providers, market leader in the Netherlands. Ms Guillouard was 
appointed Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of Ingenico, the global leader in payments acceptance 
solutions and services in 37 countries, on 30 September 2022. Ms Guillouard is also a member of the 
Board of Directors of Lottomatica, an Italy based gaming and betting company.
Catherine Guillouard, born in 1965, is a graduate of the Institute of Political Studies of Paris and the École 
Nationale d’Administration  and she has a PhD of European laws ( Panthéon-Sorbonne ).
58 years old
Director since 2016, 
Re-elected in 2022
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Member of the Supervisory Board of KPN;
 - Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of 
Ingenico;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Lottomatica.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of RATP 
Group (until September 2022);
 - Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of RATP 
DEV (until September 2022);
 - Member of the Supervisory Board of Systra (until 
July 2021);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of ENGIE 
(until May 2019).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 215:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
215Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
María Amparo Moraleda Martínez
CURRICULUM VITAE
Amparo Moraleda graduated as an industrial engineer from the ICAI (Escuela Técnica Superior de Ingeniería 
Industrial) Madrid and holds a PDG from IESE Business School in Madrid. Between January 2009 and 
February 2012, she was Chief Operating Officer of Iberdrola SA’s International Division with responsibility 
for the United Kingdom and the United States. She also headed Iberdrola Engineering and Construction 
from January 2009 to January 2011. Previously, she served as General Manager of IBM Spain and Portugal 
(2001-2009). In 2005 her area of responsibility was extended to encompass Greece, Israel and Turkey as 
well. Between 2000 and 2001, she was executive assistant to the Chairman and CEO of IBM Corporation. 
From 1998 to 2000, Ms Moraleda was General Manager of INSA (a subsidiary of IBM Global Services). 
From 1995 to 1997, she was HR Director for EMEA at IBM Global Services and from 1988 to 1995 held 
various professional and management positions at IBM España.
Ms Moraleda is also a member of various boards and trusts of different institutions and bodies. She is 
member of the academy of “ Ciencias Sociales y del Medio Ambiente ” of Andalucía (Spain), member of 
the Board of Trustees of MD Anderson Cancer Centre in Madrid and member of the Board of the global 
alumni association of IESE Business School. In May 2017 she was inducted as a member of the Spanish 
Royal Academy of Economic and Financial Sciences.
58 years old
Director since 2015, 
Re-elected in 2021
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Vodafone 
plc;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of 
Caixabank SA;
 - Member of the Advisory Board of SAP Spain;
 - Member of the Advisory Board of Spencer Stuart 
Spain;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Foundation;
 - Member of the Board of Trustees of Vodafone 
Foundation;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of AP Møller-
Mærsk A/S;
 - Member of the Global Advisory Board of Kearney.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Member of the Supervisory Board of CSIC 
(Consejo Superior d’Investigaciones Cientificas) 
(until December 2022);
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Solvay SA 
(until May 2021).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 216:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
216 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Claudia Nemat
CURRICULUM VITAE
Claudia Nemat has been a member of Deutsche Telekom’s Board of Management since 2011. She was 
responsible for the Board area Europe and Technology until the end of 2016 and has been responsible for 
Technology and Innovation since January 2017.
Before joining Deutsche Telekom AG, Claudia Nemat spent 17 years working McKinsey&Company where 
she was elected Partner in 2000, and Senior Partner in 2006. She co-led McKinsey’s global Technology 
Sector and had a number of interim management roles with global IT clients, ensuring disaster recovery 
of large IT projects, and acting as interim CEO.
She focuses on digital transformation, the impact of new technologies like artificial intelligence on business 
models, our work and lives, technology and product innovation, as well as IT transformation, security and 
crisis management.
She has worked in different European countries as well as the United States and was a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Lanxess for several years. Since 2016, she has been a member of the Board of 
Airbus, as well as the Supervisory Board of Airbus Defence.
Claudia Nemat studied physics at the University of Cologne and taught at the Institute of Mathematics 
and Theoretical Physics.
54 years old
Director since 2016, 
Re-elected in 2022
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Defence and Space GmbH;
 - Member of the Management Board of Deutsche 
Telekom AG;
 - Chairperson of the Supervisory Board 
of Deutsche Telekom IT GmbH;
 - Member of the University Council of University 
of Cologne;
 - Member of the Executive Committee of Deutsche 
Gesellschaft für Auswärtige Politik e.V.;
 - Member of the Supervisory Board of T-Systems 
International GmbH;
 - Vice-Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of 
Deutsche Telekom Security GmbH.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 217:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
217Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Irene Rummelhoff
CURRICULUM VITAE
Irene Rummelhoff has since 2018 served as Executive Vice-President of Marketing, Midstream and 
Processing (MMP) at Equinor ASA (international energy company based in Norway) and been a member 
of the company’s Corporate Executive Committee since 2015. With more than 3600 MMP-employees 
worldwide, she has the responsibility for flow assurance, processing and marketing of all of Equinor’s 
products, including marketing of the Norwegian State’s natural gas and crude on the Norwegian continental 
shelf. This responsibility includes development of the company’s hydrogen and carbon capture and storage 
(CCS) value chains.
Between 2015 and 2018 she served as the Executive Vice-President for Equinor’s New Energy Solutions 
division, reporting to the CEO. In that context she was instrumental in Equinor’s market-leading transition 
into the renewable energy field, ahead of all other oil majors. She was tasked with forming a new division and 
driving the development of the Equinor’s strategy in renewable and alternative energy solutions, whereby 
she pushed for offshore wind and low carbon solutions such as carbon capture and storage and other 
related technologies, including hydrogen development.
Throughout her career, Ms. Rummelhoff has held a number of management positions in Equinor (previously 
Statoil), with the majority having an international focus.
In 2014, Ms. Rummelhoff became an appointed member of the Board of Directors of Norsk Hydro (aluminum 
and renewable energy producer) and was later promoted to Deputy Chair in 2016, a position she held until 
the expiry of her term in 2022.
56 years old
Director since 2022
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Executive Vice-President of Marketing, 
Midstream and Processing (MMP) and member 
of the Corporate Executive Committee of Equinor 
ASA.
FORMER MANDATES  
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - Member of the Board of Directors and Deputy 
Chair of Norsk Hydro ASA (until May 2022)
 - Executive Vice-President, New Energy Solutions 
division of Equinor ASA (until August 2018).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 218:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
218 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
CHANGES IN THE BOARD COMMITTEE IN THE COURSE OF 2022
Antony Wood
CURRICULUM VITAE
Tony Wood was Chief Executive of Meggitt plc from 2018 to 2022 having joined the company in 2016. 
He is also a Member of the Board of Directors of National Grid plc, one of the world’s largest publicly 
listed utilities focused on transmission and distribution of electricity and gas, and a Director of ADS Group 
Limited, the trade association for the Aerospace, Defence, Security and Space sectors in the UK having 
served as its President from 2020 to 2022.
Prior to joining Meggitt, Mr Wood spent 15 years at Rolls-Royce plc where he was a member of the Executive 
Committee from 2009 – 2016, latterly serving as President of Aerospace from 2013 – 2016. He began his 
career as a sponsored undergraduate trainee with the Dowty Group in 1984 (now part of Safran SA) where 
he held a variety of management roles.
Mr Wood has lived and worked in the UK, France and Canada. He holds a degree in Engineering from the 
Open University in the UK and a Master of Business Administration from INSEAD in France. He is a Fellow 
of the Royal Aeronautical Society; a Fellow of the Association for Project Management and was awarded 
an honorary Doctorate of Science from Cranfield University in 2015.
56 years old
Director since 
2022 (appointed 
at December 2022 
Board of Directors’ 
meeting, subject to 
appointment by 2023 
AGM)
Independent
CURRENT MANDATES
 - Member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of National 
Grid plc;
 - Member of the Board of Directors of ADS Group 
Limited;
 - Contractor of ATL Partners.
FORMER MANDATES 
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS
 - CEO of Meggitt plc (until September 2022);
 - President of ADS Group Limited (until 
January 2022).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 219:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
219Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Independent Directors
The Independent Directors appointed pursuant to the criteria 
of independence set out above are René Obermann, Ralph 
Crosby Jr., Catherine Guillouard, Victor Chu, Maria Amparo 
Moraleda Martinez, Claudia Nemat, Jean-Pierre Clamadieu, 
Mark Dunkerley, Stephan Gemkow, Irene Rummelhoff and 
Antony Wood.
Prior Offences and Family Ties
To the Company’s knowledge, none of the Directors (in either their 
individual capacity or as Director or senior manager of any of the 
entities listed above) has been convicted in relation to fraudulent 
offences, been the subject of any bankruptcy, receivership or 
liquidation, or companies put into administration nor been the 
subject of any official public incrimination and/or sanction by a 
statutory or regulatory authority, nor been disqualified by a court 
from acting as a Member of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies of any issuer or conduct of affairs of any 
company, during at least the last five years. As of the date of this 
document, there are no family ties among any of the Directors.
(iii) Operation of the Board of Directors in 2022
Board of Directors Meetings
Thirteen Board of Directors (the “ Board”) meetings (including 
ad hoc calls) were held in 2022. The average attendance rate at 
these meetings was 96%. In addition, as it is the case every year, 
the Board was informed in due time of any relevant developments 
through reports from the CEO in between meetings of the Board. 
Regular non-executive sessions took place at the end of the 
meetings of the Board.
Throughout the year, the Board discussed all matters of 
importance for the Company’s activities and there was a 
continual focus on geopolitical issues, including Russia’s 
invasion  of Ukraine and its impact on the Company’s operating 
environment, as well as the situation in China and the US. 
Convened on an ad hoc basis early in April 2022, the Board 
dedicated a session to perform a comprehensive review of the 
potential impacts of Russia’s invasion  of Ukraine on Company 
business and, more generally, on the aerospace industry. 
Regular updates on relevant developments in that regard were 
provided to the Board during the year. The Board continued 
to review and discuss the operational and commercial status 
of programmes, as well as the overall financial situation of the 
Company in a context where the COVID-19 situation significantly 
improved but was followed by international sanctions and the 
energy crisis that aggravated already existing tensions on 
logistics, materials, components and skilled workforce.
During the year, the Board reviewed the Company’s financial 
results and forecasts. After two consecutive years without 
dividend payment, the Board decided to submit a dividend 
proposal to the 2022 AGM. The Board maintained an emphasis 
on both Corporate Audit and ERM and reinforced its emphasis 
on internal controls.
With regard to the commercial aircraft business, in May 2022 
the Board reviewed and supported the evolution of the single 
aisle industrial footprint to a rate of 75, including the creation 
of a new single aisle final assembly line in Mobile, Alabama (the 
US), and an A321 capability upgrade in Toulouse (France). The 
Board received regular updates on the status of the production 
ramp-up of the different aircraft families and on supply chain 
issues, as well as on their impact on the number of deliveries. 
In that context, the Board notably discussed and supported the 
revision of the Company’s 2022 target for commercial aircraft 
deliveries in July and the decision to no longer maintain that 
target in December 2022 as recommended by management. 
In addition, in-depth analyses on commercial aircraft sales 
contracts, approval processes and relations with customers 
were presented to the Board and discussed.
Changes in the composition of the Board in the course of 2022
Until 2022 AGM From 2022 AGM
Name Age Status Name Age Status
Mr. Carlos TAVARES 63 Member Ms. Irene RUMMELHOFF 55 Member
Lord DRAYSON (Paul) 61 Member From December Board
Name Age Status
Mr. Tony WOOD 56 Member
Changes in the Board committees in the course of 2022
Until 2022 AGM From 2022 AGM
Committee Name Status Name Status
Remuneration, 
Nomination and 
Governance
Lord DRAYSON (Paul) Member Mr. Mark DUNKERLEY Member
Ethics, Compliance 
and Sustainability Lord DRAYSON (Paul) Member Ms. Irene RUMMELHOFF Member
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 220:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
220 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
In relation to Airbus Defence and Space, the Board regularly 
reviewed the financial status of the Division, and the status of 
the key programmes, including the progress of the FCAS. There 
were in-depth discussions about the Company’s strategy in 
Defence, Space Systems and Connected Intelligence, and on 
critical skills identification and management.
For Airbus Helicopters, the Board focused its review on the 
financial situation of the Division, competition, progress made 
on major projects, including military programmes and next-
generation rotorcraft.
The Board dedicated several sessions in 2022 to reviewing 
the strategic plan implementation status and key aspects 
of the Company’s strategy, including in Defence and Space 
as mentioned above. As it is the case every year, the Board 
had a strategy off-site meeting. In 2022, this meeting took 
place in Airbus UK’s Broughton premises where the Board 
met with the Company’s local teams and visited the industrial 
site. There was a focus on Airbus’ single aisle operations, 
with a presentation of the wing assembly industrial system. 
The Board also visited the Innovation Space facility where 
key initiatives on people and engagement were presented, 
as well as the single aisle pre-equipping flowline, where 
the progress of Airbus’ safety journey was addressed. The 
Board also discovered the Advanced Manufacturing Research 
Centre that is the home of Airbus’ flagship Wing of Tomorrow 
programme, a crucial part of Airbus’ R&T portfolio to develop 
the new technologies, materials and skills to enable the next 
generation of decarbonised aircraft.
In addition, the newly appointed Board Members (Irene 
Rummelhoff and Antony Wood), joined by other members of 
the Board of Directors (in particular René Obermann, Stephan 
Gemkow and Mark Dunkerley), followed the Airbus induction 
programme aiming at providing relevant information to support 
them in their non-Executive Director roles. Three meetings 
were organised in 2022 as part of this induction programme: 
in Manching (Germany) at Airbus Defence and Space, in 
Marignane (France) at Airbus Helicopters and in Blagnac 
(France) at Airbus Commercial Aircraft. During those meetings, 
presentations on business strategy and upcoming challenges 
were made by top Company executives. They were also an 
opportunity for Board Members to interact with talents (from 
top and middle management) and learn more about Company 
activities such as:
 – Eurofighter Final Assembly Line (FAL), the FCAS lab, the 
Eurodrone plateau and the Intelligence activities (OneAtlas 
and Pléiades  Neo programme) for Airbus Defence and Space;
 – the Racer, Disruptive lab and Flight lab, the 
H160 / H225 / H125 / H130 FALs for Airbus Helicopters; and
 – flight test operations activities and aircrafts and the Airspace 
customer showroom for Airbus Commercial Aircraft.
Eager to engage with Airbus’ teams globally, in 2022 René 
Obermann also visited the sites of Getafe (Spain) and Hamburg 
(Germany).
Throughout 2022, the Board of Directors frequently addressed 
and discussed the Company’ strategy in relation to its employees. 
This included critical skills and competences identification and 
management, remuneration and retention schemes, employer 
attractiveness as well as inclusion and diversity (including 
gender diversity). In parallel, the Board performed regular talent 
reviews, including in-person meetings with a number of talents 
identified as part of the top management succession planning.
On the recommendation of the RNGC, the Board selected two 
new Board Members who joined in 2022 (Irene Rummelhoff 
and Antony Wood) and continued to keep an active pipeline 
of talent for future changes within the Board, with a focus on 
continuing improving (gender) diversity.
On the recommendation of the RNGC, the Board approved the 
increase in the CEO remuneration implemented in 2022 in the 
context of his renewal and that of the non-Executive Directors 
for implementation in 2023.
The Board also discussed several sustainability matters of major 
importance to the Company such as:
 – safety: the Board performed a bi-annual review of product 
safety related issues, received regular updates at quarterly 
meetings of the Board of Directors and ad hoc updates on 
relevant developments in between meetings of the Board of 
Directors. In addition, the Board visited the newly created 
Airbus safety promotion centre in Blagnac (France);
 – climate: the Board also approved the Company’s engagement 
with the SBTi for the assessment of its GHG targets, including 
the establishment of a science-based target for its scope 3.
In addition, an update on Airbus cybersecurity matters, including 
the cybersecurity governance model, was presented to the 
Board and discussed.
Following the settlements reached with the French, UK and 
US authorities in January 2020 in relation to the Serious 
Fraud Office / Parquet National Financier / US Department 
of Justice / US Department of State investigations, the Board 
of Directors and its Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability 
Committee remained fully committed and provided full support 
throughout the year to the post-settlement activities. The 
Board continued (and will continue) to pay close attention to the 
Company’s active engagement with its shareholders, so that 
Airbus’ approach to governance, compliance and sustainability 
is well understood and reflects shareholders’ expectations to 
the extent possible. In 2022, in addition to the formal general 
meeting, the Chairman and the lead Independent Director, 
together with the Airbus team, sought regular engagements 
with major shareholders in order to understand their views 
in particular on governance, remuneration, key sustainability 
matters and performance against the Company’s strategy.
Board Evaluation 2022
The Board of Directors implemented a continuous evaluation 
process based on a three-year cycle. As part of this process, 
every three years, a formal evaluation of the functioning of 
the Board of Directors and its Committees is conducted with 
the assistance of a third-party expert. In the year succeeding 
such an outside evaluation, the Board of Directors performs 
a self-evaluation and focuses on the implementation of 
the improvement action plan resulting from the third-party 
assessment. In the intervening second year, the General 
Counsel, being also the Secretary of the Board, issues a 
questionnaire and consults with Board Members to establish 
an internal evaluation which is then discussed with them.2022 
was the second year of the three-year cycle that started in 
2021. In November 2022, the Board of Directors, therefore, 
carried out an internal evaluation based on a questionnaire 
issued by the General Counsel and circulated to each Board 
Member. The questionnaire covered: Board composition, the 
functioning and contribution of the Board and its Committees, 
the topics covered at Board level, the dynamic between the 
Board and management and further among Board Members, 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 221:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
221Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Board decision-making processes, Board and management 
succession planning, Board priorities and Board Secretary 
support.
In this internal evaluation, the Board confirmed its overall 
satisfaction with the progress made in the implementation of 
the “Improvement Action Plan” that resulted from the formal 
evaluation conducted by a third-party expert, Korn Ferry, in 
2021.
The Board Members expressed their overall satisfaction 
regarding the Board dynamic and efficiency. The Directors, 
notably, valued the diversity of expertise, the high level of 
engagement of fellow members, as well as the constructive 
and open debates under the Chairman’s leadership. They 
welcomed the organisation of awareness sessions on specific 
topics and, for those interested, the quality of the induction 
programme. They highlighted the necessity to continue further 
improving gender diversity and reinforcing the Board’s defence 
and technological expertise.
Following the last review, the Board has dedicated more time to 
in-depth strategic debates and sustainability issues. Discussions 
on other key topics such as supply chain management, 
innovation, climate change and capital allocation will be further 
enhanced.
Finally, the outcome of the questionnaire notably emphasised the 
trustful and supportive equilibrium of power between the Board 
and management. The Board highlighted that participation 
of management in meetings of the Board of Directors has 
increased. The Directors emphasised that relationships with 
the management team beyond the Executive Committee should 
be reinforced, notably to support the Board and RNGC’s 
continuous work on the succession plan.
4.1.1.2 Board Committees
a) The Audit Committee
The Audit Committee has four (4) Members and is chaired by 
an Independent Director who is not the Chair of the Board 
of Directors or a current or former Executive Director of the 
Company. The Chair of the Audit Committee shall be, and 
the other members of the Audit Committee may be, financial 
experts with relevant knowledge and experience of financial 
administration and accounting for listed companies or other 
large legal entities.
Pursuant to the Board Rules, the Audit Committee, which 
is required to meet at least four times a year, makes 
recommendations to the Board of Directors on the approval 
of the Annual Financial Statements and the interim accounts 
(Q1, H1, Q3), as well as the appointment of external auditors 
and their remuneration. Moreover, the Audit Committee has 
responsibility for verifying and making recommendations to 
the effect that the internal and external audit activities are 
correctly directed, that internal controls are duly exercised and 
that these matters are given due importance at meetings of the 
Board of Directors. Thus, it discusses with the auditors their 
audit programme and the results of the audit of the Financial 
Statements, and it monitors the adequacy of the Company’s 
internal controls, accounting policies and financial reporting. It 
also oversees the operation of the Company’s ERM system and 
keeps a strong link to the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability 
Committee. For further details in this regard, see “– 4.1.3: 
Enterprise Risk Management System”. Please refer to Annex E 
of the Board Rules for a complete list of responsibilities of the 
Audit Committee.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the CEO are invited 
to the Audit Committee meetings. The CFO and the Head of 
Accounting Record to Report are requested to attend meetings 
to present management proposals and to answer questions. 
Furthermore, the Head of Corporate Audit & Forensic and the 
Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer are requested to report to 
the Audit Committee on a regular basis.
In 2022, this Committee met five times with an average attendance 
rate of 100%. It fully performed all its duties and discussed all 
the items described above. In particular, it performed reviews of 
internal controls, corporate audit (including major findings and 
audit plan for 2022), accounts (i.e. 2021 full year accounts, 2022 
Q1, H1 and Q3 accounts, specific provisions and accounting 
items, operative planning and forecasts) tax related issues and 
independence of external auditors. In addition, the Committee 
reviewed Airbus Bank activities and regular ERM, legal and 
compliance updates were presented and discussed in meetings.
b) The Ethics, Compliance  
and Sustainability Committee
To reinforce the role and involvement of the Board of Directors 
on sustainability-related topics, the remit of the former Ethics 
& Compliance Committee established in 2017 was extended to 
sustainability matters in July 2020. The Committee was renamed 
the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee (“ECSC”) 
and the Board Rules have been amended accordingly. Pursuant 
to the Board Rules, ECSC which is required to meet at least 
four times a year, the main mission of the ECSC is to assist the 
Board of Directors in overseeing the Company’s culture and 
commitment to ethical business, integrity and sustainability. 
The ECSC is empowered to monitor the Company’s Ethics & 
Compliance programme, organisation and framework to make 
sure that the Company’s Ethics & Compliance governance is 
effective (including all associated internal policies, procedures 
and controls). This includes the areas of money laundering and 
terrorist financing, fraud, bribery and corruption, trade sanctions 
and export control, data privacy, procurement and supply chain 
compliance and anti-competitive practices. The ECSC is also 
empowered to oversee the Company’s sustainability strategy 
and effective governance and ensure that sustainability related 
topics are taken into account in the Company’s objectives and 
strategy.
The ECSC makes recommendations to the Board of Directors 
and its Committees on all Ethics, Compliance or Sustainability-
related matters, including on climate-related disclosures, and is 
responsible for providing to the Audit Committee any necessary 
disclosures on issues or alleged ethical and compliance 
breaches that are financial and accounting-related. The ECSC 
maintains a reporting line with the Chief Ethics & Compliance 
Officer, who attends every ECSC meeting and is requested to 
provide periodic reports on its activities.
The Chairman of the Audit Committee and the Chairman of the 
RNGC are members of the ECSC. Unless otherwise decided 
by the ECSC, the CEO and the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors are invited to attend the meetings. From time to time, 
independent external experts are also invited to attend ECSC 
meetings.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 222:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
222 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
In 2022, the ECSC met four times with an average attendance 
rate of 95%. All of the above described items were discussed 
during the meetings and the ECSC fully performed all its duties. 
Following the settlements reached with the French, UK and US 
authorities in January 2020 in relation to the SFO / PNF / US 
DoJ / US DoS investigations, the ECSC maintained a sharp 
focus on post-settlement activities (including compliance and 
export control reviews). The ECSC was notably provided with 
regular updates on the status of the monitoring of the AFA 
and on the activities of the ITAR Special Compliance Officer, 
appointed under the Consent Agreement with the US State 
Department. Airbus’ competition law practice was presented 
to the ECSC and discussed.
Half of the ECSC work was dedicated to Sustainability topics. 
In particular, the ECSC discussed the Company’s scope 1 
& 2 decarbonisation target acceleration (from a well below 
2°C trajectory to a 1.5°C one by 2030). It also discussed the 
establishment of science-based target for the Company’s 
scope  3, and its consistency compared to the ATAG (an 
international sectoral body) and (later in 2022) ICAO’s long-term 
aspirational goal of the aviation sector achieving net-zero carbon 
emissions by 2050; it discussed the Company’s engagement 
with the SBTi for the assessment of these scope 1, 2 & 3 targets; 
and the Airbus’ human rights policy. The ECSC reviewed the 
sustainability roadmaps (including towards a sustainable supply 
chain), 2022 key priorities, dashboard and key performance 
indicators. In addition, the ECSC reviewed stakeholders’ 
expectations on sustainability issues including in relation to how 
environmental, social and governance matters affect defence.
c) The Remuneration, Nomination 
and Governance Committee
Pursuant to the Board rules, besides its role described in 
section 4.1.1 above, the RNGC consults with the Chairman 
and the CEO with respect to proposals for the appointment 
of the members of the Executive Committee, and makes 
recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the 
appointment of the Secretary to the Board of Directors. The 
RNGC also makes recommendations to the Board of Directors 
regarding succession planning (at Board of Directors, Executive 
Committee and Senior Management levels), remuneration 
strategies and long-term remuneration plans. Furthermore, the 
RNGC oversees contractual matters in relation to the members 
of the Board and the Executive Committee, including the terms 
and conditions of the relevant contracts, and the preparation 
of the remuneration policy for approval by the Board. The rules 
and responsibilities of the RNGC have been set out in the Board 
rules.
In addition, the RNGC reviews the Company’s top talent, 
discusses measures to improve engagement and to promote 
diversity, as well as reviewing the remuneration of the Executive 
Committee members, the Long-Term Incentive Plans (“LTIP”), 
and the variable pay for the previous year.
Finally, the RNGC performs regular evaluations of the Company’s 
corporate governance and makes proposals for changes to the 
Board Rules or the Articles of Association.
Unless otherwise decided, the Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and the CEO are invited to attend meetings of the RNGC. The 
Chief Human Resources Officer (“CHRO”) is requested to attend 
meetings to present management proposals and to answer 
questions. The CEO leaves the meetings when the RNGC 
discusses his/her remuneration or personal situation.
Pursuant to the Board Rules, the Chair of the RNGC automatically 
fulfils the function of “ Lead Independent Director ”. In this 
role, the Chair of the RNGC is responsible for (i) replacing the 
Chairman if unable to attend meetings of the Board of Directors, 
(ii) organising the annual appraisal of the Chairman’s performance 
by the Board of Directors and (iii) acting as an intermediary for, 
and between, the other Directors when necessary.
The RNGC is required to meet at least four times a year. In 2022, 
it met five times with an attendance rate of 95%. It discussed all 
of the above-described items during the meetings and it fully 
performed all its duties. In particular, the RNGC worked on the 
Board of Directors’ succession plan, with a strong focus on 
diversity (including gender diversity and skills mix). The RNGC’s 
work notably led to the appointment of two new Board Members 
in 2022, including one female. The Company constituted an 
active pipeline of talent for future changes within the Board.
The RNGC work also included reviewing the membership of the 
Board Committees. Changes to the composition of the ECSC 
and RNGC were implemented in 2022.
Assisted by a specialised firm, the Committee carried out the 
search process for a successor for the position of Chief Financial 
Officer following the announcement of Dominik Asam’s decision 
to resign, evaluating both internal and external candidates. The 
RNGC also held regular discussions on the Executive Committee 
succession roadmap, on talent management (development, 
engagement and retention) and diversity at top management 
levels. In light of benchmarks performed by third-party experts, 
the RNGC further discussed the structure and level of the CEO 
remuneration in the context of his renewal in 2022, and reviewed 
the remuneration of the non-Executive Directors.
4.1.1.3 The Executive Committee
a) Nomination and Composition
The Executive Committee of Airbus (the “ Executive Committee”) 
is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and its members are 
appointed on the basis of their performance of their individual 
responsibilities as well as their respective contribution to the 
overall interest of Airbus.
The CEO proposes all the members of the Executive Committee 
for approval by the Board of Directors, after consultation with 
(i) the Chairman of the RNGC and (ii) the Chairman of the Board 
of Directors, applying the following principles:
 – the preference for the best candidate for the position;
 – the maintenance, in respect of the number of Members of 
the Executive Committee, of the observed balance among 
the nationalities of the candidates in respect of the location 
of the main industrial centres of the Company (in particular 
among the nationals of France, Germany, Spain and the 
United Kingdom, where these main industrial centres are 
located); and
 – at least two-thirds of the members of the Executive Committee, 
including the CEO and the CFO, being EU nationals and 
residents.
The Board of Directors determines, by simple majority vote, 
whether to approve all of the Members of the Executive 
Committee as proposed by the CEO.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 223:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
223Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
b) Role of the CEO and Executive Committee
The CEO is responsible for executing the strategy, as approved 
by the Board of Directors, and for managing the day-to-day 
operations of the Company’s business with the support of the 
Executive Committee (“EC”) and its executive leadership team 
through Executive Leadership Meetings (“ ELM”) in which the 
EC members participate. The CEO shall be accountable for the 
proper execution of the day-to-day operations of the Company’s 
business.
ELMs are held on a regular basis and aim at advising the CEO on 
his day-to-day role, as well as ensuring that EC members report 
back on business progress, updates and concerns, addressing 
Company-wide topics including corporate matters, approving 
all vacancies and promotions above certain levels including 
with a focus on diversity.
The EC further supports the CEO in performing these tasks. Under 
the leadership of the CEO, the EC is responsible for business 
strategy as well as organisational matters and management 
of the business, monitoring key projects / products and major 
investments, overseeing performance targets, whether it be 
financial, individual, programmes or support functions, outlining 
policies to motivate, recruit and retain employees. It is also 
accountable for regulatory and statutory obligations, policy 
matters, communications and market disclosures. It is also the 
forum where the information or requests for approval destined 
for the Board of Directors are discussed and approved. The EC 
members shall jointly contribute to the overall interests of the 
Company, in addition to each member’s individual operational 
or functional responsibility within the Company.
The EC comprises the heads of the Divisions and key functions 
of the Company.
The CEO is the only Executive Director within the Board of 
Directors and represents the Company on the Board of Directors. 
Depending on the topic, he usually asks the responsible EC 
member to join him at Board meetings to present the financials 
(CFO), programme / product topics (Division heads), HR matters 
(CHRO) or any other topic where a specialist is needed. This 
approach allows the Board Members to get to know the EC 
members and equips them to make judgements when it comes 
to decisions about key positions.
c) The Executive Committee in 2022
The EC comprises the heads of the Divisions and key functions 
of the Company.
The EC  met four times during 2022.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 224:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
224 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
COMPOSITION OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE AND TOP MANAGEMENT AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2022
Name Start of term Principal Occupation
Guillaume Faury 2018 Chief Executive Officer Airbus
Dominik Asam 2019 Chief Financial Officer (until March 2023)
Thierry Baril 2012 Chief Human Resources Officer
Bruno Even 2018 Chief Executive Officer Airbus Helicopters
Alberto Gutiérrez 2021 Chief Operating Officer
John Harrison 2015 General Counsel
Catherine Jestin 2021 Executive Vice-President Digital and Information Management
Julie Kitcher 2019 Executive Vice-President Communications and Corporate Affairs
Sabine Klauke 2021 Chief Technical Officer
Philippe Mhun 2019 Executive Vice-President Programmes and Services
Christian Scherer 2019 Chief Commercial Officer and Head of Airbus International
Michael Schöllhorn 2019 Chief Executive Officer Airbus Defence and Space
Antoine Bouvier (1) 2019 Head of Strategy, Mergers & Acquisitions and Public Affairs
C. Jeffrey Knittel (1) 2021 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Airbus Americas
George Xu (1) 2018 Chief Executive Officer Airbus China
Note:  Status as per 31 December 202 2 . The professional address of all Members of the Executive Committee for any matter relating to Airbus is Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, 
The Netherlands.
(1) Members of the Company’s top management regularly invited to attend Executive Committee meetings.
Guillaume Faury – Chief Executive Officer Airbus
(see above under “– 4.1.1.1 Board of Directors”).
Dominik Asam – Chief Financial Officer (until 
March 2023)
Until his decision to leave the Company on 3 March 2023, 
Dominik Asam was Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Airbus and 
a Member of the Executive Committee.
Dominik Asam joined Airbus in April 2019 from Munich-based 
Infineon Technologies AG, where he had been CFO since 2011. 
During eight years he was responsible for functions including 
Group Controlling, IT, Treasury, Investor Relations, Compliance 
& Risk Management, Export Control and Sustainability and 
Business Continuity.
Previously, Dominik Asam was Head of Group Controlling at 
RWE AG in 2010.
Between 2005 and 2010 he held various positions at Siemens AG 
such as CEO of Siemens Financial Services and Corporate Vice-
President and Treasurer.
From 2003 to 2005, Asam headed Investor Relations, Mergers & 
Acquisitions and Strategy at Infineon Technologies.
Dominik Asam began his professional career in 1996 in the 
Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs  Inc. with 
postings in Frankfurt, London and New York.
A graduate in Mechanical Engineering from the Technical 
University of Munich and the École Centrale Paris, Dominik 
Asam holds a Master’s in Business Administration from INSEAD 
(European Institute of Business Administration).
Thierry Baril – Chief Human Resources Officer
Thierry Baril was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer of 
Airbus on 1 June 2012.
Thierry Baril joined Airbus Commercial Aircraft in 2007 as 
Executive Vice-President, Human Resources, and Member 
of the Airbus Commercial Aircraft Executive Committee, with 
responsibility for defining and implementing a company-wide 
Human Resources strategy, enhancing integration and employee 
engagement. He oversaw the development of key skills and 
competences to support business growth and greater internal 
mobility. One of his main achievements was the transformation 
of the Company in the areas of leadership culture and diversity, 
having played a key role in the implementation of “Power8” and 
Airbus’ internationalisation strategy.
Prior to this, Thierry Baril was Executive Vice-President Human 
Resources at Eurocopter – now Airbus Helicopters – and member 
of the Eurocopter Executive Committee from January 2003. 
In this position, Thierry Baril managed the Company’s Human 
Resources activities globally, including the implementation of 
Human Resources policies across Eurocopter’s European sites 
and its 15 subsidiaries worldwide. He was instrumental in the 
implementation of “Vital”, a programme which transformed 
Eurocopter as a business.
Thierry Baril started his career in 1988 as Deputy Human 
Resources Director at Boccard SA, and transferred to Laborde 
& Kupfer-Repelec, a subsidiary of GEC ALSTHOM, as Human 
Resources Manager in 1991.
From 1995, Thierry Baril held roles as Human Resources Director 
of the Alstom Energy Belfort site and Vice-President of Human 
Resources of the Alstom Energy Group.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 225:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
225Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Following on from his experience at Alstom Energy, in 1998 
Thierry Baril became Managing Director of Human Resources 
for Europe for GE (General Electric) at their Belfort Headquarters, 
followed by Vice-President of Human Resources at Alcatel 
Space’s Headquarters in Toulouse from 2000.
Thierry Baril holds a University Degree in Personnel Management 
(Diplôme Universitaire de Technologie en Gestion des Entreprises 
et des Administrations), as well as a Business Page 2 of 2 Degree 
in Human Resources Management and Development from the 
Institut de Gestion Sociale (IGS) in Paris.
Thierry Baril was born in February 1965 in Suresnes, France. In 
2007, he was appointed as a Chevalier de l’Ordre National du 
Mérite and was further commended as a Chevalier de l’Ordre 
National de la Légion d’Honneur in 2012. In 2013, he was named 
HR Director of the year by Hudson, Le Figaro Economie and 
Cadremploi Group.
Bruno Even – Chief Executive Officer – 
Airbus Helicopters
Bruno Even was appointed Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of 
Airbus Helicopters as of 1 April 2018. He is a Member of the 
Airbus Executive Committee.
He joined the Company from Safran, where he held various 
management positions at the Helicopter Engines and Electronic 
& Defence businesses. Since 2015, he served as Chief Executive 
Officer of Safran Helicopter Engines (ex-Turbomeca). Prior to 
that position, he was CEO of Safran Electronics & Defence (ex-
Sagem).
Bruno Even graduated from the École Polytechnique and began 
his professional career in 1992 at the French Ministry of Defence, 
where he was in charge of developing the space component for 
the Helios II satellite.
In 1997, he transferred to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to 
become technical advisor for the Director of Strategic Affairs, 
Security and Disarmament. He moved to the private sector and 
joined Safran in 1999.
Alberto Gutiérrez – Chief Operating Officer
Alberto Gutiérrez has been Chief Operating Officer (COO) of 
Airbus since 1 July 2021 and is a member of the Company’s 
Executive Committee.
He leads the production, quality and procurement organisations. 
His overriding goal is to ensure the speed, efficiency and quality 
of aircraft production at Airbus.
As the Company embarks on an era of digital and series 
manufacturing, Alberto’s role is to implement continuous 
operational excellence and to develop the production system 
of the future. In addition, he is Head of Airbus Spain, in charge 
of overseeing the Company’s overall business activities in the 
country.
He was previously Head of Military Aircraft within Airbus Defence 
and Space and a member of the Division’s Executive Committee 
since 1 January 2019, after having led Operations for Airbus 
Military Aircraft since July 2017, and Combat Air Systems since 
January 2016.
He was CEO for Eurofighter GmbH from 2013 to 2015, and Chief 
Operating Officer (COO) for Airbus Military from 2007 to 2013. 
In this role he was responsible for the worldwide operations 
of the military aircraft business, including manufacturing and 
production in all the different sites of the company, setting up the 
A400M Final Assembly Line in Seville, the A330 Tanker Conversion 
Centres in Madrid, Brisbane (Australia) and Bournemouth (UK), 
the revitalisation of the Indonesian Aerospace Industry and the 
restructuring of the company’s Polish subsidiary in Warsaw 
PZL as well as the defence business in Portugal through the 
Portuguese Company OGMA.
Alberto Gutiérrez´s career started in 1985 as a young engineer 
in the former CASA in Getafe, working and gaining experience in 
different positions in Manufacturing and Production, IT, Planning 
and Programmes.
Alberto Gutiérrez has a Telecommunications Engineering degree 
from the Universidad Politécnica of Madrid and holds a master 
in Information System Management.
John Harrison – General Counsel
John Harrison has been General Counsel since June 2015 and 
he is a member of the Airbus Executive Committee.
Solicitor of the Supreme Court of England & Wales, John 
Harrison completed his academic studies at the University of 
McGill, Montréal, Canada. He holds a Bachelor LLB (Hons) and 
Masters LLM of Laws degree.
John Harrison began his career in 1991 at the international law 
firm Clifford Chance, working consecutively in their London, New 
York and Paris offices.
He joined Airbus then Technip SA where he served as Group 
General Counsel and Member of the Executive Committee from 
2007 to 2015.
Prior to joining Technip, Mr Harrison fulfilled various senior legal 
positions in Airbus companies over a ten year period culminating 
his tenure from 2003 to 2007 as General Counsel of the EADS 
Defence Division.
John Harrison was born on 12 July 1967 in the United Kingdom.
Catherine Jestin – Executive Vice-President 
Digital and Information Management
Catherine Jestin has been Executive Vice-President Digital and 
Information Management at Airbus since 1 July 2021 and is a 
member of the Company’s Executive Committee.
The main focus of Catherine’s organisation is to foster digital 
innovation across Airbus’ industrial ecosystem and its products 
and services portfolio, accelerating data analytics, artificial 
intelligence, automation and services for customers as well as 
digital security for the Company.
Catherine works to reinforce the transversal cooperation 
across Airbus functions company-wide in order to continue the 
successful deployment of the DDMS programme, established to 
enable co-design capabilities and digital continuity system-wide.
Catherine had previously held the position of Chief Information 
Officer (CIO) at Airbus since March 2020. In this role, she was 
responsible for driving state-of-the-art Information Technology 
systems and solutions in support of Airbus employees, customers 
and suppliers.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 226:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
226 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Prior to this position, Catherine was Chief Information Officer 
at Airbus Helicopters, a role that she held from July 2013 to 
February 2020.
Before joining Airbus, Catherine held a variety of positions, 
between 2007 and 2013, at Rio Tinto in Montreal, Canada within 
the field of Information Systems & Technology (IS&T). Catherine 
also spent 17 years at Accenture and was nominated Partner 
in 2002, a position that she held for five years
Julie Kitcher – Executive Vice-President 
Communications and Corporate Affairs
Julie Kitcher is EVP Communications and Corporate Affairs of 
Airbus and a member of the Executive Committee, reporting 
to the CEO. Julie also serves as the Chief of Staff to the CEO.
Julie heads Communications. In addition, she drives Airbus 
ambition and contribution to sustainable aerospace. Her role 
also oversees and coordinates the transformation agenda of 
Airbus, Performance Management, Corporate Audit and Internal 
Controls.
Julie has over 20 years of experience at Airbus. She has held a 
number of roles in Finance including Financial Analyst, Corporate 
Planning and Business Controlling.
Most recently and prior to her current position, Julie was the 
Head of Investor Relations and Financial Communication. Under 
Julie’s leadership, Airbus was awarded the “Most Honoured 
Company” status in the Institutional Investor All Europe 
Executive Team survey four years in a row -2015 to 2018. As 
part of this recognition, Julie was named “Best Investor Relations 
Professional” in the Aerospace & Defence sector for the same 
period.
She also previously held a role in GE Capital Equipment Finance 
in the UK. Julie is a Chartered Management Accountant (CIMA) 
with an MSc from ESC Skema (Lille).
Sabine Klauke – Chief Technical Officer
Sabine Klauke has been Chief Technical Officer at Airbus since 
1 July 2021 and is a member of the Company’s Executive 
Committee.
In this role, Sabine drives the Company’s ambition behind 
delivering bold and breakthrough technologies to build the 
future of aerospace. She also leads a team of more than 11,000 
Airbus engineers across the globe who design, develop, certify 
and ensure continuing airworthiness of all Commercial Aircraft 
products and services.
Previously, Sabine was Head of Engineering within Airbus 
Defence and Space and a member of the Division’s Executive 
Committee. In this capacity, she was responsible for all 
engineering activities within the Defence and Space division and 
in charge of its product and services portfolio. By managing the 
technology, development and innovation roadmap, she played 
a key role in preparing the future of Airbus Defence and Space.
Prior to this position, she served as Head of Programmes 
Customer Services: a responsibility she held for the A330/
A340 programmes since 2015. Sabine joined Airbus in 2002, 
where she has held positions of increasing responsibility within 
manufacturing engineering, production, product development 
programmes, development processes and change and 
innovation projects within the Airbus Commercial Aircraft division.
From 1998 to 2002 Sabine worked at DELMIA, a brand of 
Dassault Systèmes, where she carried out the deployment of 
digital manufacturing software and supported the development 
of the consulting and services department with customers in the 
automotive and the aerospace industries.
Sabine has a PhD in Mechanical Engineering from the University 
of Technology (TU) in Dresden and is a graduate of the INSA 
Hauts de France (formerly known as École Nationale Supérieure 
d’Ingénieurs en Mécanique Énergétique in Valenciennes 
(ENSIMEV)).
Philippe Mhun – Executive Vice-President 
Programmes and Services
Philippe Mhun was appointed as Chief Programmes & Services 
Officer for Airbus Commercial Aircraft, effective 1 January 2019, 
and a Member of the Company’s Executive Committee.
In his previous role as Head of Customer Services since 
October 2016, Philippe Mhun was responsible for all Airbus 
support and services activities for airline customers, lessors, 
MROs and operators, ranging from maintenance and engineering 
to training, upgrades and flight operations but also material 
management and logistical support. This included the supervision 
of the Services Business Unit and affiliated subsidiaries, such as 
Satair, Navblue, Airbus Interiors Services and Sepang. For the 
past two years, Philippe has initiated and implemented a major 
transformation programme focusing on Customer Satisfaction, 
Services development and digital enablers such as Skywise 
applications.
Prior to this assignment, Philippe was Senior Vice-President 
Procurement for Equipment, Systems and support, a position 
he held since 2013.
Philippe joined Airbus in November 2004 as Vice-President A380 
Programme within Customer Services to prepare and support 
the A380 entry-into-service. He then became Vice-President 
Programmes in Airbus Customer Services leading Single Aisle, 
Long Range, Widebody, A380 and A350 Programmes together 
with e-operations and supplier support activities.
Before joining Airbus, Philippe held various positions within UTA 
and following the merger in 1993, within Air France, starting 
as a Structure Engineer for Boeing 747 at UTA all the way up 
to becoming the Head of Long-Haul Fleet Engineering and 
Maintenance in Air France. From 1986 to 2004, Philippe was 
involved in new programmes’ entry-into-service, engineering 
and maintenance at all levels of the Company.
Philippe Mhun holds a degree from the Applied Sciences National 
Institute (INSA Lyon) as a mechanical engineer.
Christian Scherer – Chief Commercial Officer 
and Head of Airbus International
Christian Scherer was appointed Airbus Chief Commercial 
Officer in September 2018 and is a Member of the Company’s 
Executive Committee. He is also heading Airbus International.
He was previously Chief Executive Officer of ATR, a position he 
held since November 2016.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 227:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
227Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Prior to this, Christian was Executive Vice-President and Head 
of Airbus Group International, responsible for driving the overall 
Airbus Group internationalisation strategy.
Christian started his professional career in 1984 when he joined 
Airbus Industrie as a Commercial Contracts Manager. He was 
seconded to the US between 1987 and 1994 as Vice-President 
Contracts of Airbus North America, responsible for pricing, 
financial performance, negotiation and implementation of all 
sales transactions in North America.
On his return to headquarters, as Vice-President Leasing 
Markets, he developed and managed an integrated sales 
division covering all commercial activities dealing with operating 
leasing companies and other financial institutions worldwide.
In 1999, he was appointed Vice-President Contracts and Pricing 
worldwide while retaining leadership of the Leasing Markets 
Division and in 2003 he also became the Deputy Head of 
Commercial.
Following his time in Commercial, he became Head of Strategy 
and Future Programs at Airbus, responsible for defining Airbus’ 
long-term strategic objectives and for driving the genesis of 
future aircraft product offerings and programmes, such as the 
A320neo, as well as Airbus’ international development in terms 
of the US final assembly lines.
In 2012, he was appointed Head of Sales & International 
Operations at Cassidian in Munich, Germany, responsible 
for Sales, Marketing, Strategy and Cassidian’s International 
Subsidiaries including Brazil, India, KSA, UAE, UK and US.
Upon integration of Airbus’ Defence, Space and Military aircraft 
businesses, he became the Head of Marketing & Sales of 
Airbus Defence and Space and Managing Director of Airbus 
Defence and Space GmbH. In that role, he held the overall 
responsibility for all Sales & Marketing activities. He also chaired 
BDLI’s defence and security forum whilst being a member of 
the BDLI presidium.
Born in 1962 in Duisburg, Germany, and raised in Toulouse, 
France, Christian Scherer holds an MBA from the University of 
Ottawa and graduated from the Paris Business School (ESCP) 
in 1984.
Michael Schöllhorn – Chief Executive Officer 
Airbus Defence and Space
Michael Schoellhorn has been Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of 
Airbus Defence and Space since 1 July 2021 and is a member of 
Airbus’ Executive Committee, responsible for Airbus’s defence, 
space, unmanned air services and connected intelligence 
activities.
Previously, he was Airbus Chief Operating Officer (COO) and 
a member of the Company’s Executive Committee. In this 
position, he led the production, quality, procurement and 
information management organisations, transforming and 
building the production system of the future.
Michael joined Airbus in February  2019 from BSH Home 
Appliances GmbH in Munich, where he was COO and a member 
of the BSH Management Board from 2015.
Michael began his career in 1984 in the German armed forces, 
where he served as an officer and a helicopter pilot until 1994, 
with assignments in Germany and the US. Michael worked 
in academia as a research assistant at the Helmut Schmidt 
University (University of the German armed forces) in Hamburg 
(1994-1999). He started out his career with Bosch in 1999 and 
held various senior management positions in the automotive 
sector in the US, the Czech Republic and Germany before being 
appointed EVP for Manufacturing and Quality in 2012.
Michael is President of BDLI, the association of the German 
aviation industry as well as a presidium member of BDI, the 
association of the German Industry.
He is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Airbus 
Operations GmbH, Managing Director of Airbus Defence and 
Space GmbH, member of the Board of Directors of Airbus 
Defence and Space Inc. US and member of the Board of 
Directors of Stratasys Ltd (NASDAQ: SSYS).
Michael Schöllhorn holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering 
and a PhD in Control Engineering from the Helmut Schmidt 
University.
Antoine Bouvier – Head of Strategy,  
Mergers & Acquisitions and Public Affairs
Antoine Bouvier has been appointed Head of Strategy, Mergers 
& Acquisitions and Public Affairs Airbus, effective 1 June 2019.
Antoine Bouvier joins Airbus from MBDA where he had been 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) since June 2007.
From January 2002 to June 2007, he was CEO of Astrium 
Satellites (now part of Airbus Defence and Space).
Previously, he was Executive Vice-President in charge of the 
Commercial Helicopter Division of Eurocopter (now Airbus 
Helicopters).
In 1990, Antoine Bouvier joined Aérospatiale as Assistant to 
the Director of the company’s Civil Aircraft Division. In 1991, 
he became Director of the Division’s Department of Strategic 
Analysis.
From 1992 until 1994, he was Secretary General and Industrial 
Director of ATR GIE. From 1994 until 1998, he was Vice-President 
Operations of ATR, going on to become President of ATR GIE 
between 1998 and 2001.
Antoine Bouvier started his career as an auditor at the Cour des 
Comptes. He graduated from the École Polytechnique (1981-
1984) and of the École Nationale d’Administration (1984 -1986).
C. Jeffrey Knittel – Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer Airbus Americas
C. Jeffrey (Jeff) Knittel is the Chairman and CEO of Airbus 
Americas, Inc. In addition, he is the Head of Region for the 
Americas and as such reports directly to the Airbus CEO. 
He is responsible for Airbus’ commercial aircraft business 
throughout the Americas, as well as for providing leadership 
for the company’s market leading helicopter business and its 
space and defence unit in North America.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 228:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
228 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
In accordance with Dutch law and with the provisions of the 
Dutch Code, which includes a number of non-mandatory 
recommendations, the Company either applies the provisions 
of the Dutch Code or, if applicable, explains and gives sound 
reasons for why they have not been applied.
On 20 December 2022, the Dutch Code was revised: its updated 
recommendations apply to financial years starting on or after 
1 January 2023. The Company welcomed the updates to 
the Dutch Code and continues supporting its emphasis on 
topics, such as sustainable long-term value creation and the 
importance of culture (in particular, diversity and inclusion).
While the Company, in its continuous efforts to adhere to the 
highest standards, applies nearly all the current recommendations 
of the Dutch Code, it must, in accordance with the “comply or 
explain” principle, provide the explanations below.
For the full text of the Dutch Code, please refer to:  
https://www.mccg.nl/ .
For the financial year 2022, and in respect of compliance with 
the Dutch Code, the Company states the following:
1.  Securities in the Company as Long-Term 
Investment
Provision 3.3.3 of the Dutch Code recommends that non-
Executive Directors who hold securities in the Company should 
keep them as a long-term investment.
In the absence of legal requirement it is at the discretion of the 
non-Executive Directors to own shares. The Company does not 
require the non-Executive Directors who hold shares to keep 
them as a long-term investment.
Provision 3.1.2 vi of the Dutch Code recommends that the 
shares awarded to the CEO are held for at least five years after 
they are awarded. The rules applicable within the Company 
(as described in section 4.2.1.1 e)  below) do not impose a 
4.1.2 Dutch Corporate Governance Code, “Comply or Explain”
Additionally, Knittel chairs A3 by Airbus, the company’s Silicon 
Valley-based innovation arm; is a Board Member of Airbus 
Ventures, which scouts and invests in early stage technologies 
across the globe; and a member of the Airbus Canada Limited 
Partnership Board – a multibillion dollar joint venture of Airbus, 
Bombardier, and the Province of Quebec to procure parts, 
assemble, and market the world’s most modern commercial 
aircraft, the A220.
With more than 5,000  employees, Airbus Americas 
encompasses the regional corporate offices, engineering and 
innovation centers, training facilities, MROs and spare parts 
distribution centers, imagery and drone services, as well as large 
scale manufacturing facilities producing commercial aircraft, 
helicopters, and satellites.
Knittel has more than 35 years of experience in aerospace 
and transportation finance. Before joining Airbus, Knittel was 
Chief Executive Officer of C2 Aviation Capital (C2), a global 
leasing company focused on acquiring, leasing and managing 
commercial aircraft. Prior to leading C2 Aviation Capital, 
Mr. Knittel served since 1986 in a series of senior leadership 
positions at CIT Group Inc. – most recently as President of CIT 
Transportation Finance, a $21 billion diversified organisation that 
provided leasing and financing solutions for the aerospace, rail 
and maritime industries, including commercial airlines, business 
aircraft operators, railroads and shippers.
Knittel is currently a member of the Board of the National Air and 
Space Museum, the Board and Chair of the Finance Committee 
of the USO of Metropolitan New York, the Board of Trustees of 
the National World War II Museum, and a member of the Board 
and Executive Committee of the Atlantic Council. He is a former 
President and an emeritus member of the Board of Governors of 
the Wings Club. He is a former Chairman of the Board of Just One 
Break, a not-for-profit institution founded by Eleanor Roosevelt 
for the disabled and later merged with The Viscardi Center.
Mr. Knittel holds a bachelor’s degree in aviation management 
from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. In addition, he 
graduated from the Advanced Management Program at the 
University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business.
George Xu – Chief Executive Officer Airbus China
George Xu has been appointed CEO of Airbus China effective 
8  January 2018. As country head of Airbus China, he is 
responsible for all Airbus Commercial Aircraft business activities 
and providing leadership to the company’s Helicopters and 
Defence and Space businesses in China.
In 1995, George Xu worked for the Tianjin Economic and 
Technology Development Area Administrative Committee. He 
was nominated Deputy Director of the Investment Promotion 
Bureau of Tianjin Free Trade Zone in 2003 and was promoted 
as its Director in 2005, when he started to actively participate 
in the Airbus A320 Family Final Assembly Line project including 
site selection, and negotiation and set-up of the joint venture.
From 2008 to 2011, George Xu was Deputy GM of Airbus 
Tianjin A320 Family Final Assembly Line and in parallel Director 
of the Investment Promotion Bureau of Tianjin Free Trade Zone 
Administrative Committee and Deputy Chairman of Avicopter.
In 2011, he was appointed Chairman of Board of Airbus Tianjin 
Final Assembly Line and Vice-President of Tianjin Free Trade 
Zone Administrative Committee.
In 2014, George Xu was nominated and worked full time as 
Party Secretary of Tianjin Youth League until 2017. George Xu 
was a member of the Standing Committee of Tianjin Municipal 
People’s Congress from 2015 to 2017 .
George Xu was born in 1972 in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province. 
George Xu received a Bachelor of Engineering degree in 
Information Management System from Tianjin University and 
Master of Business Administration from Roosevelt University 
of Chicago. He also received a Doctorate degree in Economics 
from Nankai University.
George Xu is married and in his spare time, he likes football, 
hiking and reading.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 229:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
229Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
4.1.3 Enterprise Risk Management System
The long-term development and production cycles of the 
Company’s wide range of products and services in a globalised 
supply chain and highly regulated environment make enterprise 
risk management (“ERM”) a crucial mechanism both to mitigate 
risks faced by the Company and to identify and enhance potential 
opportunities.
Applied across the Company and its main subsidiaries, ERM is a 
permanent top-down and bottom-up process, which is executed 
across the Divisions at each level of the organisation. It is 
designed to identify and manage relevant risks and opportunities. 
A sharp focus is put on the operational dimension due to the 
importance of programmes and operations for the Company. 
External factors are also considered in our approach in order to 
strengthen company resilience.
ERM is an operational process embedded into the day-to-
day management activities of programmes, operations and 
functions. The top risks and their mitigations are reported to the 
Board of Directors through a reporting synthesis, consolidated 
on a quarterly basis.
The ERM system relies on five pillars:
 – anticipation: early risk reduction and attention to emerging 
risks;
 – speak-up & early warnings;
 – robust risk mitigations;
 – opportunities; and
 – strong governance.
4.1.3.1 ERM Process
The objectives and principles of the ERM system, as endorsed by 
the Board of Directors, are set forth in the Company’s ERM Policy 
and communicated throughout the Company. The Company’s 
ERM Policy is supplemented by directives, manuals, guidelines, 
handbooks, and other supporting documents. External 
standards which contribute to the Company’s ERM system 
include the ISO 31000 defined by the International Organization 
for Standardization (“ ISO”).
The ERM process consists of three elements:
 – a strong operational dimension – derived from ISO 31000 – 
to enhance operational risk and opportunity management, 
identifying and mitigating threats and vulnerabilities, including 
single points of failure;
 – a reporting dimension (bottom up and top down), which 
contains procedures for the status reporting of the ERM 
system and the risk/opportunity situation; and
 – an ERM confirmation dimension, which comprises procedures 
to assess the effectiveness of the ERM system.
minimum five year holding period for awarded shares; however, 
the Company believes that potential deviations from this 
recommendation are significantly limited by the share ownership 
guideline (set forth in section 4.2.1.1 f ), under which the CEO is 
expected to hold throughout his/her tenure Airbus SE shares 
with a value equal to 200% of his/her base salary.
2.  Dealings with Analysts
Best practice provision 4.2.3 of the Dutch Code recommends 
meetings with analysts, presentations to analysts, presentations 
to investors and institutional investors and press conferences 
shall be announced in advance on the Company’s website and 
by means of press releases. In addition, it recommends that 
provisions shall be made for all shareholders to follow these 
meetings and presentations in real time, and that after the 
meetings the presentations shall be posted on the Company’s 
website.
For practical reasons, the Company does not always allow 
shareholders to follow meetings with analysts in real time. 
However, the Company ensures that all shareholders and other 
parties in the financial markets are provided with equal and 
simultaneous information about matters that may influence the 
share price.
3.  Diversity and Inclusion
Best practice provision 2.1.6 of the Dutch Code recommends that 
the corporate governance statement explain the diversity and 
inclusion policy of the Company and the way it is implemented. 
In accordance with Dutch law (article 2:166 of the Dutch Civil 
code) the Company provides such information in “– Information 
on the Company’s Activities – 1.2.11 Inclusion & diversity” below.
For information on the operation of the Shareholders’ Meeting, 
its key powers, the shareholders’ rights and how such powers 
and rights can be exercised, see “– Shareholdings and Voting 
Rights – 3.1.10.2 Shareholdings and Voting Rights”.
For information on the composition and operation of the Board 
of Directors and its respective committees, see “– 4.1.1.1a: 
Board of Directors composition, power and rules”; “– 4.1.1.1c(iii): 
Operation of the Board of Directors in 2022”; and “– 4.1.1.2: 
Board Committees”.
For information on (i) significant direct and indirect shareholdings, 
(ii) holders of shares with special control rights, (iii) rules governing 
appointment and dismissal of Directors, (iv) amendments to the 
Articles of Association, and (v) the delegation to the Board of 
Directors of the power to issue or buy back shares, see “– 3.3.1: 
Shareholding and voting rights – Shareholding structure at the 
end of 2022”; “– 3.3.2: Relationships with principal shareholders”; 
“– 4.1.1.1.a: Board of Directors composition, powers and rules”; 
and “– 3.2.3: Shareholding and voting rights – Modification of 
share capital or rights attached to shares”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 230:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
230 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The ERM process applies to all relevant sources of risks and 
opportunities that potentially affect the Company’s activities, 
its businesses and its organisation in the short-, mid- and long-
term. The ERM process is part of the management process and 
inter-related with the other processes.
All Airbus organisations, including the Divisions, subsidiaries 
and controlled participations, commit to and confirm the 
effective implementation of the ERM system. The annual ERM 
Confirmation Letter issued by each organisation is the formal 
acknowledgement about the effectiveness of the ERM system.
For a discussion of the main risks to which the Company is 
exposed, see “– Risk Factors”.
4.1.3.2 ERM Governance 
and Responsibility
The governance structure and related responsibilities for the 
ERM system are as follows:
 – the Board of Directors with support of the Audit Committee 
supervises the strategy and business risks and opportunities, 
as well as design and effectiveness of the ERM system;
 – the CEO authorises the reports escalated to the Board of 
Directors. The CFO is accountable for an effective ERM system 
and supervises the Head of ERM, and the ERM system design 
and process implementation;
 – the Head of ERM has primary responsibility for the ERM 
strategy, priorities, system design, culture development and 
reporting tool. He supervises the operation of the ERM system 
and is backed by a dedicated risk management organisation 
in the Company, focusing on the operational dimension, early 
warning and anticipation culture development, while actively 
seeking to reduce overall risk criticality by challenging the 
business. The risk management organisation is structured as 
a cross-divisional Centre of Competence (“CoC”) and pushes 
for a proactive risk management; and
 – the management at executive levels has responsibility 
for the operation and monitoring of the ERM system in its 
respective areas of responsibility, and for the implementation 
of appropriate response activities to reduce risks and seize 
opportunities, also considering the recommendations of the 
internal and external auditors.
4.1.3.3 ERM Effectiveness
The ERM effectiveness is analysed by:
 – ERM CoC, based on ERM reports, confirmation letters, in situ  
sessions ( e.g. risk reviews), participation to key controls ( e.g. 
major programme maturity gate reviews);
 – ERM KPIs measuring maturity and effectiveness of the ERM 
process in the programmes and functions;
 – Risk & opportunity in-depth analyses proposed by the ERM 
CoC and performed by the functions with the involvement 
and support of the ERM CoC; and
 – Corporate Audit, based on internal Corporate Audit reports 
and on an annual survey of heads of programmes and 
functions regarding the ERM network.
The combination of the following controls is designed to achieve reasonable assurance about ERM effectiveness:
Organisation Explanations
Board of Directors / 
Audit Committee
Regular monitoring
The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee review, monitor and supervise the ERM system. Any material 
failings in, material changes to, and/or material improvements of the ERM system which are observed, made 
and/or planned are discussed with the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee.
Top Management
ERM as part of the regular divisional business reviews
Results of the operational risk and opportunity management process, self-assessments and confirmation 
procedures are presented by the Divisions or other Airbus’ organisations to top management.
ERM working sessions at an executive leadership meeting twice a year.
Management
ERM confirmation letter procedure
Entities and department heads that participate in the annual ERM compliance procedures must sign ERM 
confirmation letters.
ERM CoC
ERM effectiveness measurement
Assess ERM effectiveness by consideration of ERM performance KPI, ERM reports, ERM confirmations, in situ 
sessions (risk reviews etc.), participation to key controls (e.g. , major Programme maturity gate reviews).
Corporate Audit Audits on ERM
Provide independent assurance to the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the ERM system; annual survey.
Ethics & Compliance
Alert system
Detects deficiencies regarding conformity with applicable laws and regulations, as well as with ethical business 
principles.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 231:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.1 Management and Control
231Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
4.1.3.4 Board Declaration
Based on the Company’s current state of affairs, the reports 
made directly available to the Board of Directors coming from 
different processes, audits and controls and the information it 
received from management, the Board of Directors believes to 
the best of its knowledge that:
 – the internal risk management and control systems provide 
reasonable assurance that the financial reporting does not 
contain any material inaccuracies;
 – this report provides sufficient insight into any material failings in 
the effectiveness of the internal risk management and control 
systems;
 – it is justified that the Financial Statements have been prepared 
on a going concern basis; and
 – this report states the material risks and uncertainties that 
are relevant to the Company’s continuity for the period of 
12 months after the preparation of the report.
It should be noted that no matter how well designed, the internal 
risk management and control system has inherent limitations, 
such as vulnerability to circumvention or overrides of the 
controls in place. Consequently, no assurance can be given 
that the Company’s internal risk management and system and 
procedures are or will be, despite all care and effort, entirely 
effective.
4.1.4 Internal Audit
In accordance with Principle 1.3 of the Dutch Code, Airbus 
Corporate Audit & Forensic engages in the independent and 
objective corporate assurance activities of internal auditing, 
consulting activities, and forensic investigations. It supports 
the Company in improving its operations and accomplishing its 
objectives by bringing a systematic and disciplined approach 
to evaluate and improve the design and effectiveness of the 
organisation’s governance, risk management, and internal 
controls. Its mandate is set out in the Airbus Corporate Audit and 
Forensic Charter. The department’s independence is established 
by direct reporting to the Audit Committee and by access to 
the CEO.
Corporate Audit activities are independently assessed by 
Institut Français de l’Audit et du Contrôle Internes (“IFACI”). 
IFACI certifies that Corporate Audit adheres to and fulfils the 
requirements of the IFACI Internal Audit Professional Framework 
2020 and the International Professional Practices Framework 
of the Global Institute of Internal Auditors. The Certification was 
renewed on the 29 November 2021 for a period of three years.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 232:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
232 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal 
Executive Officers
4.2.1 Remuneration Policy
The Remuneration Policy covers all members of the Board of 
Directors: the CEO (who is the only Executive Director) and the 
other members of the Board of Directors (who are the Non-
Executive Directors).
Pursuant to a resolution to that effect, the general meeting 
may (re)adopt, amend or supplement the Remuneration Policy 
on the basis of a proposal by the Board of Directors at the 
recommendation of the RNGC.
The Board of Directors, at the recommendation of the RNGC, 
may decide to deviate (with either an upward or downward 
effect on the remuneration levels) temporarily (and ultimately 
until the General Meeting adopts an amended version of the 
Remuneration Policy following the occurrence of such deviation) 
from any element of the Remuneration Policy as outlined below, if 
this is necessary to serve the long-term interests and sustainability 
of the Company or to assure its viability. Any deviation will be 
made public and duly justified.
The Remuneration Policy in the form set out below in this 
section 4.2.1 has been adopted by the AGM held in 2020 with 
effect as of 1 January 2020.
The RNGC did not propose any specific changes to the current 
Remuneration Policy in 2022 . The Remuneration Policy shall be 
posted on the Company’s website as part of the Company’s 
annual report of the Board of Directors.
4.2.1.1 Executive Remuneration – 
Applicable to the CEO
a) Remuneration Philosophy
The Company’s remuneration philosophy aims to provide 
remuneration that will attract, retain and motivate high-calibre 
executives, whose contribution will ensure that the Company 
achieves its strategic and operational objectives, thereby 
delivering long-term sustainable returns for all shareholders and 
other stakeholders in a manner consistent with the Company’s 
identity, mission and corporate values.
The Board of Directors and the RNGC are committed to making 
sure that the executive remuneration structure (i) is transparent 
and comprehensive for all stakeholders; (ii) is consistent and 
aligned with the interests of long-term shareholders, also taking 
into consideration the employment conditions of the Company’s 
employees; and (iii) incentivises further the Company’s corporate 
values by basing variable remuneration components also on 
the achievement of non-financial targets and metrics using 
environmental, social or governance criteria via the sustainability 
performance measure.
Before setting the targets to be proposed for adoption by the 
Board of Directors, the RNGC considers the financial outcome 
scenarios of meeting performance targets, including achieving 
maximum performance thresholds, and how these may affect 
the level and structure of the executive remuneration, as well as 
potential risks for the Company’s business which may result from 
variable compensation. The Board of Directors shall also consider 
these aspects, based on the RNGC’s recommendations.
Also, before making a recommendation relating to the 
remuneration of the CEO, the RNGC and the Board of Directors 
shall take note of the views of the CEO with regard to the amount, 
level and structure of his or her remuneration.
b) Total Direct Compensation and Peer Group
The CEO’s total direct compensation (“ Total Direct 
Compensation ”) comprises a base remuneration (“ Base 
Salary”), an annual variable short-term remuneration (“ Annual 
Variable Remuneration ” or “VR”) and an award under the 
long term incentive plan (“ LTIP”). The three elements of the 
Total Direct Compensation are each intended to comprise one 
third of the total, assuming the achievement of performance 
conditions is 100% of the applicable targets. The level of the 
Total Direct Compensation for the CEO (Base Salary, VR and 
LTIP) is set by reference to the median of an extensive peer 
group (as described in paragraph 4.4.3 item a) below) and takes 
into account the scope of the role of the CEO, and the level 
and structure of executive rewards within the Company. The 
benchmark is regularly reviewed by the RNGC, with the support 
of an independent consultant, and is based on a peer group 
which comprises:
 – global companies in the Company’s main markets (France, 
Germany, UK, Spain and US), excluding financial institutions; 
and
 – companies operating in the same industries as the Company 
worldwide.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 233:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
233Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
The elements of the Total Direct Compensation are described below:
Remuneration Element Main Drivers Performance Measures Target and Maximum
Base Salary  
(in €)
Reflects market value  
of position. Not applicable
1/3 of Total Direct Compensation  
(when performance achievement  
is 100% of target).
Variable 
Remuneration  
(in €)
Rewards annual 
performance based 
on achievement of 
Company performance 
measures and individual 
objectives.
Collective (50% of VR): divided 
between EBIT (1)  (40%);
Free Cash Flow (2)  (40%)  
and Sustainability (20%).
The VR is targeted at 100%  
of Base Salary for the CEO and  
depending on the performance assessment, 
ranges from 0% to 200% of target.
The VR is capped at 200% of Base Salary.
Individual (50% of VR):  
Achievement of annual individual 
objectives, divided between 
Outcomes and Behaviour.
LTIP 
(in Units and/or Shares)
Rewards long-term 
commitment and 
Company performance, 
and engagement based 
on financial targets 
aligned with long-term 
objectives subject to 
cumulative performance 
over a three-year period.
Vesting, subject to performance 
over a three-year period.  
In principle, no vesting  
if cumulative EBIT is negative.  
If cumulative EBIT is positive, 
vesting from 50% to 150%  
of grant based on EPS (75%)  
and Free Cash Flow (25%).
The original allocation to the CEO  
is capped at 100% of Base Salary  
at the time of grant. Vesting capped at 150% 
of initial grant (in number of Perform ance 
Shares and/or Units).
In addition, for the vesting  
of Performance Units:
 - overall pay-out is capped at 250% of the 
original value at the date of grant;
 - the value that could result from share 
price increases is capped at 200% of the 
reference share price at the date of grant.
(1) The Company continues to use the term EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes). It is identical to Profit before finance cost and income taxes as defined by IFRS Rules.
(2) Airbus defines the alternative performance measure FCF as the sum of (i) cash provided by operating activities and (ii) cash used for investing activities, less (iii) change of 
securities, (iv) contribution to plan assets for pension schemes, (v) realised treasury swaps and (vi) bank activities. It is a key indicator which allows the Company to measure the 
amount of Cash Flow generated from operations after cash used in investing activities.
The following graphic depicts three relevant scenarios for the outcome of the Total Direct Compensation:
Below Threshold
Target
Maximum
Base Salary Variable Remuneration (VR) LTI paid in cash and/or shares
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
 
Indications assume a Base Salary of EUR 1.485 million.
“Below Threshold” includes annual Base Salary; VR at 0%; LTIP not vesting.
“Target” includes Base Salary, VR at target and LTIP grant face value in cash and/or in shares.
“Maximum” includes Base Salary; maximum VR value (200% of VR at target); maximum LTIP cash grant projected at vesting date (250% 
of grant value); maximum performance applicable to the number of shares granted (150%). The final value of Performance Shares 
depends on the share price development which is not capped. Illustrative table for a theoretical grant of 50% Shares / 50% Units.
c) Base Salary
The CEO’s Base Salary is determined by the Board of Directors, taking into account the peer group analysis mentioned above.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 234:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
234 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
d) Annual Variable Remuneration
The Variable Remuneration is a cash payment that is paid following the end of each financial year, depending on the achievement 
of specific and challenging performance targets as determined at the beginning of each financial year. The level of the CEO’s 
variable remuneration is targeted at 100% of the Base Salary; it is capped at a maximum level of 200% of the Base Salary. The 
entire Variable Remuneration is at-risk, and therefore if performance targets are not achieved as per the defined objectives agreed 
by the Board of Directors, it may mean that no variable remuneration is paid at all.
The performance measures that are considered when awarding the variable remuneration to the CEO are split between common 
collective performance measures and individual performance measures.
Common Collective Component
The common collective component is based on earnings before interest and taxes (“ EBIT”) (40%), Free Cash Flow (40%) and 
sustainability (20%) objectives (the “ Common Collective Component ”). At the beginning of each year, the Board of Directors sets 
the targets for these key value drivers at Company and Division levels. The common collective targets relate closely to internal 
planning and to guidance given to the capital markets (although there may be variations from these). The key value drivers that 
form the sustainability component will be determined by the Board of Directors and disclosed in the implementation section of 
the Company’s remuneration report for the relevant financial year. They can be related to matters such as health & safety, climate 
and/or people.
To calculate the common collective annual achievement levels, actual EBIT, Free Cash Flow and sustainability performance are 
compared against the targets that were set for the year. This comparison forms the basis for computing achievement levels, 
noting that the actual EBIT, Free Cash Flow levels are occasionally normalised for a limited number of factors which are outside 
management’s control (such as certain foreign exchange impacts or unplanned merger and acquisition activities). The RNGC’s 
intention is to ensure ambitious financial and sustainability targets, and to incentivise the CEO’s commitment to meeting these targets.
The graphic below illustrates the Common Collective Component, how it is measured and what the key value drivers are:
Airbus
Executives
common
collective
ﬁnancial
targets
FCF (Free Cash Flow)
Annual, M€ (40%)
  Measure s cash gen eration
  Driven by cash provided by/used for operating
  and investment activities
EBIT (Earnings before Interest & Tax)
Annual, M€ (40%)
  Measures operational proﬁtability
  Driven by revenues and operating
   expenses
  Criteria giving effect to the Sustainability 
component could be related to health & safety, 
climate and/or people  
Sustainability
Annual, % (20%)
Individual Component
The individual element (“ Individual Component ”) focuses on outcomes and behaviour (as defined below). Individual performance 
is assessed in these two important dimensions, which both contribute to the Company’s remuneration philosophy. Among other 
matters, corporate social responsibility and the Company’s corporate values are considered as part of this assessment:
 – Outcomes encompass various aspects of what the CEO can do to contribute to the success of the business: specific business 
results he achieves, projects he drives and processes he improves. The individual targets of the CEO are comprehensive and 
shared with all employees via the Top Company Objectives.
 – Behaviour refers to the way results have been achieved, which is also critical for long-term success: how the CEO and the 
Board of Directors work as a team, how the CEO leads the Executive Committee, quality of communication, encouragement of 
innovation, etc. A specific part of the behaviour assessment relates to ethics, compliance, quality and other sustainability matters.
The performance of the Individual Component is measured by the RNGC for the CEO and for all the other members of the Executive 
Committee.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 235:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
235Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
The RNGC discusses the level of achievement of every single target and derives a combined target achievement level for the 
outcomes. The behavioural part of the Individual Component is also discussed by the RNGC and constitutes an adjustment 
factor for the target achievement of the outcomes. Finally, the RNGC proposes to the Board of Directors the compound Individual 
Component of the CEO target achievement made up from the outcomes and behavioural achievements.
e) Long-Term Incentive Plan
The CEO participates in the Company’s LTIP in order to increase the alignment with shareholders’ interests. The LTIP allows the 
award of Performance Units (“Performance Units ” or “Units”) and/or Performance Shares (“ Performance Shares ” or “Shares”).
The value of the CEO’s LTIP allocation is capped at 100% of the Base Salary at the date of grant and subject to performance 
conditions. The achievement of the performance criteria is assessed by the RNGC after a three-year period, based on relevant 
financial criteria during this period of three years with stringent targets set in advance and agreed by the Board of Directors at the 
recommendation of the RNGC.
At the end of this three-year period, the grant is subject to a performance calculation to determine whether and to what extent 
it should vest. Depending on this calculation (i) Performance Units will vest in two tranches, the payment of which takes place 
approximately six and 18 months following the end of the performance period and (ii) Performance Shares will vest in one tranche, 
approximately six months following the end of the performance period. This is depicted in the graphic below:
Performance period 3 years
Y Y+1 Y+2 Y+3 Y+4
X X
X
Y+5
GRANT DATE
Face value at grant date
Allocation policy
Performance calculation
determines the number of Units
and Shares that may vest
Vesting  in SHARES
Vesting in CASH
The level of vesting of Performance Shares and Units is subject to the following performance measures:
 – 0-50% of the allocation: In principle, this element of the Performance Unit / Share award will not vest if the Company reports 
negative cumulated EBIT results. Nonetheless, in case the Company’s EBIT results are impacted by exceptional and unpredictable 
circumstances, the Board of Directors, upon recommendation of the RNGC, may decide that a maximum portion of 50% of the 
allocation will vest;
 – 50-150% of the allocation: This element of the Performance Unit / Shares vests based on the two following performance criteria: 
average earnings per share (75%) (“Earnings per Share ” or “EPS”) and cumulative Free Cash Flow (25%).
  Measures proﬁtability
  
Driven by net income and number of shares
Earnings per Share (75%)
Average over 3 years, €
  Measures cash generation
  
Driven by cash provided by/used 
for operating and investment activities
Free Cash Flow (25%)
Cumulated over 3 years, M€
The vesting of Performance Units and Shares is subject to the following maximum cap:
 – the maximum level of vesting is 150% of the number of Units/Shares granted.
The vesting of Performance Units is subject to the following maximum caps:
 – the value that could result from share price increases is capped at 200% of the reference share price at the date of grant; and
 – the overall pay-out is capped at 250% of the value at the date of grant.
Performance Units and Performance Shares that vest in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to them are settled 
without further action being required by the beneficiary.
For each payment in cash, one Unit is equal to the value of one Airbus SE share at the time of vesting. The Airbus SE share value 
is the average of the opening share price, on the Paris Stock Exchange, during the 20 trading days preceding and including the 
respective vesting dates.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 236:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
236 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
f) Share Ownership Guideline
The Board of Directors has established a share ownership 
guideline pursuant to which the CEO is expected to acquire 
Airbus SE shares with a value equal to 200% of the Base Salary 
and to hold them throughout his or her tenure.
g) Benefits
The benefits offered to the CEO are similar to the benefits granted 
to other executives of the Company and comprise, among other 
matters, medical, death and disability coverage (both through 
a social security system or a company plan, depending on the 
contractual agreement with the CEO), a company car and usual 
facilities.
Unless the law provides otherwise, the costs and expenses of 
the CEO are covered, including reasonable costs of defending 
claims, under the conditions set forth in the insurance policy 
subscribed by the Company. Under circumstances excluded by 
the insurance policy, such as an act or failure to act by the CEO 
that can be characterised as intentional, intentionally reckless, or 
seriously culpable, there will be no entitlement to any coverage.
h) Retirement
The CEO is entitled to retirement benefits through mandatory 
applicable state and collective pension plans.
The CEO participates also in a Company pension contributions 
based plan. This plan consists of an annual pension contribution 
of 20% of the annual pensionable remuneration (as described 
in paragraph 4.2.1.3 item h) below) subject to applicable local 
practices (if any).
i) Clawback
In accordance with Dutch law, the Board of Directors may 
adjust a “bonus” (as defined under Dutch law, including short-
term remuneration and awards under the Long-Term Incentive 
Plan subject to performance criteria) awarded to the CEO to 
a suitable level, if payment or satisfaction of that bonus would 
be unacceptable under the standards of reasonableness and 
fairness. Also, the Company may reclaim a bonus already paid, 
in whole or in part subject to applicable local legal requirements, 
if any, to the extent that such payment was made on the basis of 
incorrect information regarding the achievement of the targets, 
objectives and/or conditions underlying the bonus or regarding 
the circumstances on which the bonus was dependent. The 
Non-Executive Directors, or a special representative designated 
by the general meeting, may demand such repayment on the 
Company’s behalf.
Any such adjustment or clawback will be reported in the notes 
of the relevant Financial Statements of the Company.
j) Loans
The Company does not provide loans or advances to the CEO.
k) Severance
In case of termination of the CEO’s duties at the initiative of the 
Board of Directors, the CEO shall be entitled to an indemnity 
equal to one (1) time the last Total Annual Remuneration 
(defined as Base Salary and VR most recently paid) subject 
to applicable local legal requirements if any, and provided that 
the performance conditions (as described in paragraph 4.4.3 
item k) below) assessed by the Board of Directors have been 
fulfilled. If the CEO’s appointment as member of the Board of 
Directors terminates within a period of 12 months or less prior to 
his retirement date, the termination indemnity will be limited by 
pro-rating its amount. This will not apply if the CEO’s mandate 
is terminated for cause (misconduct), in case of resignation or 
termination on or after his retirement date.
The CEO’s appointment terms and conditions include a non-
compete clause, which applies for a maximum of one year. The 
compensation under the non-compete clause is equal to 50% 
of the last total annual remuneration (defined as Base Salary 
and VR most recently paid), subject to applicable local legal 
requirements if any and paid in monthly instalments.
Past LTIP awards may be maintained, in such cases as retirement 
or if a mandate is not renewed by the Company for a reason other 
than cause (misconduct). The vesting of past LTIP awards follows 
the rules and regulations of the LTIP including performance 
conditions and is not accelerated in any case. LTIP awards are 
forfeited for executives who leave the Company at their own 
initiative, but this is subject to review by the Board of Directors.
The term of the CEO’s appointment is linked to his or her mandate 
as a member of the Board of Directors. The termination of the 
CEO’s appointment may be subject to a notice period of six 
months, except if the CEO’s appointment is terminated for cause 
(misconduct), in which case the CEO’s appointment may be 
terminated immediately, or in case of non-renewal of the CEO’s 
mandate by the general meeting.
4.2.1.2 Non-Executive Remuneration – 
Applicable to Non-Executive 
Directors
The Company’s Remuneration Policy with regard to Non-
Executive Directors aims at ensuring fair compensation 
and protecting the independence of the Board’s Members. 
Their remuneration should be commensurate to the time spent 
and the responsibilities of their role on the Board of Directors.
Fees and Entitlements
Non-Executive Directors are entitled to the following remuneration 
components:
 – a base fee for membership or chair of the Board of Directors;
 – a Committee fee for membership or chair on each of the 
Board’s Committees;
 – an attendance fee for the attendance of Board meetings 
(subject to such conditions as may be imposed by the Board 
of Directors at the recommendation of the RNGC); and
 – an attendance fee for the attendance of Committee meetings 
if and when such Committees would have more than four 
Committee meetings per year (whether these meetings are 
held physically or by phone).
Each of these fees is a fixed amount that is determined by the 
Board of Directors from time to time, at the recommendation 
of the RNGC.
Committee chairmanship and Committee membership fees are 
cumulative if the concerned Non-Executive Director belongs to 
two different Committees. Fees are paid twice a year at the end 
of each semester (as close as possible to the Board meeting 
dates).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 237:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
237Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Non-Executive Directors do not receive any performance or 
equity- related compensation, and do not accrue pension rights 
with the Company in the frame of their mandate, except what they 
would receive in the frame of a current or past executive mandate. 
These measures are designed to ensure the independence of 
Board Members and strengthen the overall effectiveness of the 
Company’s corporate governance.
The Company does not encourage Non-Executive Directors to 
purchase Airbus SE shares.
The Company does not provide loans or advances to the Non-
Executive Directors.
Unless the law provides otherwise, the Non-Executive Directors 
shall be reimbursed by the Company for various costs and 
expenses, including reasonable costs of defending claims. 
Under certain circumstances, such as an act or failure to act 
by a Member of the Board of Directors that can be characterised 
as intentional, intentionally reckless, or seriously culpable, there 
will be no entitlement to this reimbursement.
4.2.1.3 Implementation of the Remuneration Policy in 2022: CEO
This paragraph 4.2.1.3 describes how the Remuneration Policy was implemented in 2022 with respect to the CEO (Mr Guillaume 
Faury). As a reminder, the AGM held in 2020 approved the Remuneration Policy through resolution five with a very high level of support.
In line with the Remuneration Policy and the expectation of the RNGC and the Board of Directors, the philosophy of the remuneration 
policy aims to provide remuneration that will attract, retain and motivate high-calibre executive, while taking into account best 
practices as well as employee and shareholder considerations. It should help to ensure that the Company achieves its strategic 
and operational objectives, thereby delivering sustainable returns for all shareholders and other stakeholders in a manner consistent 
with the Company’s identity, mission and corporate values.
a) Benchmarking
The latest benchmark was performed in July 2021 at RNGC and Board of Directors request.
To consider the Company operations and employees’ breakdown by geographic areas, the relevant peer group from this last 
benchmark, based on Willis Towers Watson database, was composed of 55 companies (1)  selected from CAC40 in France, DAX 40 
(formerly DAX 30) in Germany, FTSE 100 in the UK, IBEX 35 in Spain and DJ 30 in the US having comparable economic indicators 
such as revenues, number of employees and market capitalisation and providing perspective on compensation practices from 
direct or indirect competitors.
In particular, US companies were included in this peer group since Airbus has direct competitors in this country and since Airbus 
has senior executives in the US where it competes to recruit talents. However, and considering the very unique US pay practices 
and as Airbus executives are mainly based in Europe, US companies were solely weighted at 10% over all countries. The data was 
compounded using the following weighting: France 30% Germany 30%, Spain 15%, the United Kingdom 15% and the USA 10%.
Financial institutions were excluded from the peer group.
Based on the benchmark run by this independent third party, the Board of Directors, upon recommendation of the RNGC decided 
to increase by 10% the Total Direct Compensation (TDC)  (Base Salary + Variable Remuneration + LTIP) of the CEO applicable from 
1 January 2022.
(1)  France: Total, Sanofi, Safran SA, Air Liquide, Stellantis, Danone, Schneider Electric, Saint-Gobain, Vinci, Engie, Thales, Dassault systèmes
 Germany:  Bayer, Volkswagen, Daimler, BASF, Deutsche Telekom, Siemens, BMW, Continental, E.ON, Henkel, Deutsche Post, SAP
 Spain: Iberdrola, Endesa, Siemens Gamesa, Santander, Telefónica, Naturgy, Repsol, Banco Bilbao, Inditex, Ferrovial SA
 UK: Shell, BP, BAT, GSK, Rio Tinto, Vodafone, Bae Systems, Rolls Royce, Diageo, Unilever, Tesco
 US: Boeing, Lockheed, Raytheon, General Dynamics, Northrop Grumman , GE, Caterpillar, 3M, IMB, Fedex
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 238:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
238 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
This decision has been taken after due consideration of the outcome of the benchmark and the successful leadership of the CEO 
during his fi rst term of office as CEO.
With this increase,
 – the Total Target Cash (TTC) (Base Salary + Variable Remuneration) of the CEO (€ 2,970,000) is closer to the median market range 
of the peer group ( i.e. € 3,000,000);
 – however his Total Direct Compensation (TDC) remains by around 28% below the median level of the peer group ( i.e. € 4,455,000 
for the CEO compared to € 6,200,000 for the peer group in 2022).
Total Target Cash
(TTC)
 Total Direct Compensation
(TDC)
€ 4,455,000
€ 6,200,000
€ 2,970,000
€ 3,000,000
€ 7,000,000
€ 6,000,000
€ 5,000,000
€ 4,000,000
€ 3,000,000
€ 2,000,000
€ 1,000,000
€ 0
Median market of the peer group 2022 CEO remuneration 
In addition to external benchmark, the RNGC also considers the remuneration of employees through the review of the evolution 
of the pay-ratio (see 4.2.1.3 item (j)).
b) Base Salary
The 202 2 CEO Base Salary level on a full year basis increased by 10% in the context of his renewal as per the Board of Directors’ 
decision, compared to 2021 and amounts to € 1,485,000 (still below the Base Salary of the former CEO: € 1,500,000 in 2019).
c) Annual Variable Remuneration
As stipulated in the Company’s Remuneration Policy, the CEO’s VR is targeted at 100% of the Base Salary and capped at 200% 
of the Base Salary. It is subject to the fulfilment of collective and individual performance targets.
For 2022, the VR of the CEO amounts to an aggregate of € 2,041,875 composed of € 1,113,750 (55%) for the Common Collective 
Component and €  928,125 (45%) for the Individual Component.
     
 
  Individual part:
€ 928,125
Achievement:
125%
 
 
Variable
Remuneration
of CEO in 2022:
€ 2,041,875
Common Collective
Component: 
€ 1,113,750
Achievement: 
150%
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 239:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
239Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Performance Achievement – Common Collective Component
According to the policy applicable for the financial year 2022, the Common Collective Component for the Company consolidated 
achievement have been assessed at 150% by the RNGC and the Board of Directors in February 2023 against the target letters 
validated at the beginning of 2022 and that include detailed vesting scales for each criteria(1 ) . It is based on an achievement of 121% 
of target EBIT, 161% of target Free Cash Flow, and 186% of target sustainability (which is based on achievement of 171% of target 
reduction of CO2  emissions and 200% of target reduction of FR1).
These criteria and their assessment apply to all executives having a Common Collective Component in their variable remuneration 
and since 2022 it has been extended to all Senior Managers. Therefore, circa 4,500 employees receive a collective bonus based 
on the achievements mentioned above.
Minimum
Achievement
0%
Maximum
Achievement
200%
Financial
80%
Sustainability
20%
 
161%
121%
CO2
10%
FR1
10% 200%
171%
EBIT
40%
FCF
40%
= 150%
High level of achievement for EBIT and Free Cash Flow was driven by Airbus Commercial and Airbus Helicopters partially offset by 
Airbus Defence & Space. Normalisations were made to exclude exceptional financial impacts such as currency exchange differences.
Sustainability targets are measured by two criteria: the rolling lost time injury frequency rate (“ FR1”) which is the monthly number of 
lost time injuries per million worked hours averaged over 12 months and the reduction in CO 2  emissions (“ CO2 e”), each weighted 
for 10% of the Common Collective Performance.
 – In 2022, the rolling FR1 decreased by more than 30% in Airbus Commercial and by more than 20% in both Airbus Helicopters 
and Airbus Defence and Space, leading to a consolidated achievement of 200%. For further details, see section 1.2.9 Health 
and Safety.
 – In 2022, the CO 2 e decreased by 8.5% (reduction of circa 63ktons), which is above the targeted reduction of 5%, leading to an 
achievement of 171%. For further details, “– Information on the Company’s Activities – 1.2.2 Climate Change”.
For 2023, the Board of Directors decided to maintain the sustainability component as follows: FR1 for 50% and CO 2  avoidance 
for 50%. The targets for 2023 are:
 – a reduction of the rolling FR1 by 15% in Airbus Commercial and Airbus Helicopters (the rolling FR1 in these two Divisions at the 
end of 2022 being still above 1) and by 10% in Airbus Defence and Space (the rolling FR1 for this Division at the end of 2022 
being below 1) versus the actual 2022 rolling FR1;
 – annual targets are set in line with the Company’s 2030 roadmap; they refer to a material sub-scope of its operations on which 
the Company can have a more direct control and influence. The CO2 e for 2023 was set in absolute value at 687ktons, which 
represents a reduction of -0.9% vs.  2022 for a scope extended to another four sites. For further details, “– Information on the 
Company’s Activities – 1.2.2 Climate Change” .
(1) While the Company is paying all due attention to investors’ feedback, for sensitivity reasons specific information on vesting scale (threshold, target, maximum) is not 
disclosed.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 240:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
240 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Performance Achievement – Individual Component
The Individual Component in 2022 results from an achievement level of 125%, assessed by the RNGC and approved by the Board 
of Directors in February 2023 on the basis of achievement demonstrated on different criteria defined at the beginning of 2022, as 
summarised in the table below:
OBJECTIVE TARGET Weight (%) Ach. (%)
I. Outcomes element
Top Company Objectives
 - Customer
 - Industrial performance
 - Financial performance
 - People
 - Sustainability
 - Enable the future
30% 90%
Individual ojectives  
(see next pages)
1 – Perform again
60%
10% 90%
2 – Commercial aviation market position consolidation 10% 180%
3 – Secure and deliver key defence programmes 10% 90%
4 –  Environment, Social and Governance, and Ethics and Compliance 20% 180%
5 – Deliver key 2022 strategic milestones 10% 130%
II. Behaviour element
Personal Focus Personal Development and Leadership Team Development 10% 130%
Performance achievement – Individual Component 125%
The Individual component has been assessed according to three sets of complementary objectives:
 – Top Company Objectives Assessment – accounting for 30% of the total Individual Component, shared with all company executives 
to promote collective alignment;
 – CEO Individual  Objectives – accounting for 60% of the total Individual Component;
 – CEO Behavioural Ojectives – accounting for 10% of the total Individual Component.
I. Outcomes element
A. 2022 Top Company Objectives
They have been defined and are structured around six clusters:
 – Customer;
 – Operational Performance;
 – Financial Performance;
 – People;
 – Sustainability;
 – Enable the Future.
A series of KPIs and associated targets have been set at the beginning of the year, for each of the clusters.
Each of the KPIs has been measured and compared to the relevant target, leading to a global measurement of the TCOs achievement 
at 90% of the targets, as per details shown in the table “summary CEO achievement – Individual Component” at the beginning of 
this chapter.
B. CEO Individual Objectives
In line with the TCOs, Individual Objectives have been set up specifically for the CEO.
They are structured around five priorities, detailed below.
Each of the priorities has been assessed by the RNGC, as per the details shown in the table “summary CEO achievement – Individual 
Component”.
The main and most noticeable factors for each of the five priorities determining the achievement level of CEO Individual Objectives 
include, but are not limited to:
1. Perform again
Despite a challenging supply chain context, with notable disruption on engines and electronic components, aircraft deliveries 
increased, reaching 661 at the end of 2022 compared to 611 in 2021. However, this falls short of the initial 2022 delivery guidance.
The industrial setup reshaping was pursued, with progress on the restructuring of the Aerostructures business (Airbus Atlantic, 
Airbus Aerostructures GmbH, Premium Aerotec Industries) as well as on making all Final Assembly Lines A321-capable (Tianjin 
and Toulouse in addition to Hamburg and Mobile).
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 241:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
241Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
2. Commercial aviation market position consolidation
Progress was made on all major aircraft developments, notably on A321XLR, which made its first test flight and achieved concrete 
steps towards certification and eventual entry into service. The development of the A350 Freighter also advanced, while also 
confirming its market potential through new orders.
A strong overall order intake was secured (more than 1000 commercial aircraft gross orders), further consolidating the company 
position as market leader for the fourth consecutive year. Good progress was also made on further developing customer relationships, 
paving the way for future landmark orders, such as the one recently concluded with Air India.
3. Secure and deliver key defence programmes
Important strategic European military programmes have been secured:
 – FCAS Phase 1B negotiation was successfully completed resulting in contract signature in December 2022.
 – EuroDrone, Tiger MkIII as well as HIL for the French Armed Forces have been secured in 2022.
However, the overall performance of the Defence and Space Division remained below expectations, notably impacted by inflation 
on long-term contracts such as the A400M programme.
4. Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) and Ethics & Compliance
ESG and Ethics & Compliance have been established as a strategic building block, actively engaging with the Company’s wide 
stakeholders base:
 – notable steps have been made on the ZEROe aircraft programme, which aims to develop the first zero emission commercial 
aircraft entering the market by 2035. In particular, the progress in terms of technology readiness level and industrial capabilities 
can be highlighted, such as through the development of the ZEROe Emissions Development facilities;
 – developments were driven on SAF with the notable example of the establishment of a joint fund with Qantas;
 – very good progress has also been made on employee diversity, notably in terms of executives’ gender diversity hiring and 
promotions;
 – progress has been made on integrating defence within the wider ESG framework. Positive feedback was received after the 2022 
Capital Market Day, and increased alignment with the wider private and public stakeholder base;
 – positive feedback was received from the AFA following the audits, and significant progress was made in anchoring Compliance 
as a key pillar of the Company’s culture. The Deferred Prosecution Agreements have now expired and formal closure by the 
authorities is pending in line with the procedural requirements of each country.
5. Deliver the key 2022 strategic milestones
DDMS programme and digital transformation have progressed as planned.
The Company has recently set its first near-term science-based targets to reduce emissions on all scopes, in line with a 1.5°C 
temperature pathway for its Scope 1 & 2 emissions, which were submitted to SBTi in June 2022 and validated in January 2023.
At the ICAO Assembly in October 2022, the member states agreed on a collective Long-Term Aspirational Goal (LTAG) for international 
civil aviation operations of net zero carbon emissions by 2050, in support of the Paris’ Agreement’s temperature goal. The Company 
has actively supported this outcome, which will prove pivotal in driving the overall industry towards a net zero emissions future.
The Company signed several strategic partnerships to accelerate the decarbonisation roadmap ( e.g. DACC 1PointFive, Neste, 
Renault).
II. Behaviour element
The “behaviour element” accounts for 10% of the total Individual Component and has been assessed around two axes:
 – Personal Development;
 – Leadership Team Development.
Each of the priorities has been assessed by the RNGC leading to a global achievement of 130% for the Behavioural Objectives, as 
per details shown in the table “summary CEO achievement – Individual Component”.
Personal Development and Leadership Team Development
The CEO has gained strong recognition from his peers and the wider public, further reinforcing the Company leadership and 
brand value. This contributes to putting Airbus in an even stronger position to drive change within the industry and attract talents.
Following the changes made in 2021, further development of the top management team was implemented, especially with a strong 
focus on preparing the future generation and on promoting diversity, both in terms of gender and international profiles.
III. CEO priorities
For 2023, the CEO priorities revolve around operational performance, market position in commercial aviation, major European 
defence programmes, ESG topics, digital and decarbonisation roadmap, leadership team development and portfolio management.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 242:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
242 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
d) Long-Term Incentive Plan
2022 Grant
In 2022, under the Company’s LTIP, the Board decided to grant only Performance Shares, and no Performance Units. This applies 
to the CEO as well as to all beneficiaries of LTIP. The value of the Performance Share award has been capped at 100% of the 
Base Salary, in line with the current Remuneration Policy as validated by the AGM 2020, which then represents one third of the 
CEO’s target Total Direct Compensation. The table below gives an overview of the Performance Shares granted to the CEO in 
2022 pursuant to the LTIP:
SHARE PLAN: NUMBER OF PERFORMANCE SHARES
Granted in 2022 Vesting dates
Guillaume Faury 14,115 Vesting schedule is made up of one tranche expected in May 2026
The grants in 2022 were performed in compliance with the performance measures (average EPS (75%) and cumulative FCF (25%)) 
described in paragraph 4.2.1.1 item e). As per the current Remuneration Policy, the Performance Shares granted in 2021 will vest 
in one tranche in May 2026.
Vesting Values in 2022
In 2022, the CEO received both cash payments and vested shares in connection with the vesting of 2017 and 2018 LTIP awards:
 – Cash: the total cash payment to the CEO amounted to € 226,388 in 2022.
 – Shares: in connection with the 2018 LTIP award, the CEO received 2,104 vested shares on 12 May 2022.
LTIP overview: granting and vesting
Date of 
grants
Grant 
Type Number
Share price  
at grant
Value at 
grant date
Performance 
achievement
Units with 
performance 
achievement
Dates of 
vesting
Share value at 
vesting dates(*)
2017 Unit 4,404 € 73.81 € 325,059 50% 2,202 2 vestings in 
2021 – 2022
1 st  vesting  
5 May 2021
€ 100.25
2 nd  vesting  
12 May 2022
€ 105.15
2017 Share 4,404 € 73.81 € 325,059 50% 2,202 1 vesting in 
2021
5 May 2021   
€ 97.58
2018 Unit 4,208 € 106.94 € 450,004 50% 2,104 2 vestings in 
2022 – 2023
1 st  vesting  
12 May 2022
€ 105.15
2018 Share 4,208 € 106.94 € 450,004 50% 2,104 1 vesting in 
2022
12 May 2022
€ 104.4
2019 Unit 5,530 € 122.06 € 674,992 50% 2,766 2 vestings in 
2023 – 2024 Not yet known
2019 Share 5,530 € 122.06 € 674,992 50% 2,765 1 vesting in 
2023 Not yet known
2020 Unit 9,920 € 68.04 € 674,957 Not yet known Not yet known 2 vestings in 
2024 – 2025 Not yet known
2020 Share 9,920 € 68.04 € 674,957 Not yet known Not yet known 1 vesting in 
2024 Not yet known
2021 Share 12,121 € 111.38 € 1,350,037 Not yet known Not yet known 1 vesting in 
2025 Not yet known
2022 Share 14,115 € 105.20 € 1,484,898 Not yet known Not yet known 1 vesting in 
2026 Not yet known
Calculations may involve rounding to the nearest unit.
(1) Vesting will occur according to the respective rules and regulations of each plan.
100% of units and shares granted are conditional to the achievement of performance conditions
NOTE: 2017 to 2018 awards were granted to Mr Faury before his appointment as CEO and should vest during his mandate.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 243:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
243Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Based on the above, the ratio between the fixed part of 
the remuneration of the CEO in 2022 (Base Salary, annual 
contribution to the Company’s defined contribution pension 
plan and benefits) and the variable part of the remuneration 
(Variable Remuneration related to 2022 paid-out in 2023 and 
LTIP vesting in 2022) is 48% / 52% (versus 49% / 51% in 2021).
e) Share Ownership
The CEO owned 26,599 Airbus SE shares on 31 December 2022. 
The CEO has reached the target of 200% of the Base Salary in 
2022 thanks to a personal investment plan in Airbus SE shares.
Please refer to the AFM website www.afm.nl for any further 
information related to the transactions of the CEO.
f) Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP)
In March 2022, the Company offered all eligible employees the 
opportunity to subscribe to a share matching plan, through 
which the Company matches a certain number of directly 
acquired shares with a grant of matching shares. This ratio varies 
depending on the number of shares acquired at fair market value 
by the employees, with a maximum discount of 50%. The total 
offering was up to 2.2 million shares of Airbus SE, open to all 
qualifying employees. Information about the plan can be found 
on the Company’s website.
Under the umbrella of the ESOP 2022, a dedicated UK tax 
advantageous Share Incentive Plan (“ SIP”) was also deployed 
in March 2022.
Although the CEO was eligible for the plan, he did not participate 
in the ESOP 2021 plan leaving more shares for employees in 
order to favour the development of employee shareholding.
g) Benefits
Costs of benefits provided through applicable mandatory 
collective and social security plans are accounted for among 
social charges (please refer to Note 34 to the IFRS Consolidated 
Financial Statements for further details). The monetary value of 
other benefits provided to the CEO in 2022 amounts to € 32,734 
(vs € 32,479 in 2021).
Performance Conditions of LTIP 2019:
The performance conditions for LTIP 2019 were determined as follows: if the Company reports a positive cumulative EBIT, a 
minimum portion of 50% of the Performance Units / Shares vest. If the Company reports a negative cumulative EBIT resulting 
from exceptional circumstances, the Board of Directors can decide at its sole discretion to vest a maximum portion of 50% of the 
Performance Units / Shares.
50% to 150% of the allocation would be granted depending on the compounded achievement of the two following performance 
criteria:
 – 75% of average EPS (“ Ave EPS”): determined on a linear basis depending on three-year Ave EPS for the 2020, 2021 and 2022 
fiscal years, with the three-year Ave EPS target for an allocation of 100% equal to € 7.72; and
 – 25% of cumulative FCF (“ Cum FCF”): determined on a linear basis depending on three-year Cum FCF for the 2020, 2021 and 
2022 fiscal years, with the three-year Cum FCF target for an allocation of 100% equal to € 13,150 million.
Review of Achievement of Performance Conditions:
In February 2023, the Board of Directors noted the achievement of the performance conditions of the 2019 plan, i.e.  for the 2020, 
2021 and 2022 fiscal years. The three-year average EPS was € 3.10 and the three-year Cum FCF was € 4,320 million.
The cumulative EBIT for the 3-year period is positive, leading, according to the policy, to the vesting of 50% of Performance Shares 
and Units. The positive performances of 2021 and 2022 exercises did not mitigate the 2020 exercise strongly impacted by the 
sanitary crisis leading to no vesting above 50%.
For reasons of confidentiality, the precise targets set for the average EPS and cumulative Free Cash Flow, even though they have 
been properly established and validated in a suitable manner, cannot be publicly disclosed as these objectives are considered as 
competitive sensitive information. Nonetheless, in the spirit of providing the highest level of transparency to our shareholders and 
to adhere to best practices, retrospective information demonstrating the stringency of the targets set by the Board of Directors is 
provided for the previous LTIP, as follows:
Date of 
grants KPI
Number 
of units
Target for 
a 100% 
allocation Achieved
Performance 
achievement  
in percentage
Compounded 
performance 
achievement 
in percentage
Resulting 
vesting  
in number
For comparison, 
average EPS for the 
last 3 reported years 
at the date of grant
2017
Ave EPS
8,808
€ 6.00 € 1.83 50%
50% 4,404 € 2.28 (1)
Cum FCF € 9,339m € 4,331m 50%
2018
Ave EPS
8,416
€ 6.73 € 2.27 50%
50% 4,208 € 2.81 (2)
€ 13,000m € 3,230m 50%Cum FCF
2019
Ave EPS
11,060
€ 7.72 € 3.10 50%
50% 5,530 € 2.98 (3)
Cum FCF € 13,150m € 4,320m 50%
(1) Average EPS of 2016, 2015 and 2014.
(2) Average EPS of 2017, 2016 and 2015.
(3) Average EPS of 2018, 2017 and 2016.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 244:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
244 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
h) Retirement
Until the end of 2019, the retirement benefit of the CEO accrued 
through a defined benefit commitment. Following the Board 
of Directors decision approved in the AGM 2020, the accrued 
pension rights under this commitment have been frozen based 
on the seniority of the CEO as Executive Committee member 
at the end of 2019. A replacement target ratio has therefore 
been set at 52% of his Base Salary (i.e. 26% of the sum of his 
Base Salary and his target VR) and will no longer accrue. The 
pension rights under this commitment remain unvested until the 
retirement date of the CEO.
The pension rights arising from the Company’s defined 
contribution plan ( i.e. contribution of 20% of the pensionable 
remuneration, which is the Base Salary and the most recently 
paid VR) are deducted from the frozen pension rights described 
above.
The present value of the remaining CEO’s pension obligation 
related to the frozen defined benefit commitment is estimated 
annually by an independent actuarial firm according to the 
international accounting standard IAS 19 as applied by the 
Company for post-employment benefits. As of 31 December 
2022, the defined benefit obligation amounted to € 6,895,263 
(€ 9,046,433 in 2021). This obligation has been accrued in the 
2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and will be updated 
annually up to the retirement date of the CEO considering future 
changes on economic assumptions or other factors like salary 
increase.
For the fiscal year 2022, the cost related to the CEO’s pension 
rights accrued under Company’s plans during the year 
represented an expense of € 1,385,222 ( versus € 1,138,794 in 
2021).
The annual cost of pension rights accrued under applicable 
mandatory collective and state pension plans are accounted 
for among social charges (please refer to Note 34 to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further details).
i) Clawback
The Board of Directors did not apply any clawback in 2022.
j) Pay Ratio
The Dutch Code recommends that the Company provides a 
ratio comparing the compensation of the CEO and that of a 
“representative reference group” determined by the Company.
The Company’s pay ratio is calculated by comparing the 
compensation of the CEO with the average compensation of full-
time equivalent permanent employees from France, Germany, 
the UK and Spain for the Company, excluding subsidiaries 
(encompassing around 99,000 employees).
Since 2021, the aggregate compensation over the fiscal year 
that is used as a reference amount to calculate the ratio includes 
the gross sum of the Base Salary, annual bonus, profit and 
success sharing, overtime, premium for work conditions and 
other premiums, social charges, value of benefits and pension 
contributions and the face value of LTIP at grant date.
The ratio between the compensation of the CEO (including 
base salary, variable remuneration, social charges, benefits, 
pension contributions and LTIP grant face value) and the average 
compensation of full-time equivalent permanent employees for 
the fiscal year to which this report relates is 70 (for 2021: 61 after 
restatement) (rounded to the nearest integer).
The increase in pay-ratio is mainly due to the increase in the 
collective component of the Annual Variable Remuneration (VR): 
the collective component related to the VR paid-out in 2021 to 
CEO was impacted by the COVID-19 crisis, while it was not the 
case for the payment in 2022 related to the 2021 performance 
which was very strong due to quicker than expected post 
COVID-19 recovery.
k) Severance
No payment has been made to the CEO in 2022 related to 
severance or other termination indemnity.
Under the current CEO’s appointment terms and conditions, 
the payment of an indemnity in case of termination would be 
subject to performance conditions. These conditions would be 
fulfilled if the collective and individual components of the VR for 
the last two financial years preceding the financial year during 
which the termination occurs have been assessed by the Board 
of Directors at 100% or more.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 245:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
245Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
l) Development of the compensation
The table below provides an overview of the development of the direct cash compensation paid to the CEO during a financial year 
composed by the Base Salary plus the VR (as defined below) and of the Employee Compensation (as defined below).
Financial year 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018
I. CEO’s direct cash compensation
Annual Base Salary (in € thousand) 1,485 1,350 1,350 1,392(1) 1,500
VR (in € thousand) (2) 2,241 1,404 1,553 2,318 2,168
Total 3,726 2,754 2,903 3,710 3,668
Annual Variation +35% -5.1% -21.8% +1.1% +7.5%
II. Long Term Incentive Plan (in € thousand) (3) 1,485 1,350 1,350 1,350 -
III. Company Performance
EBIT Adjusted (in € million) 5,627 4,865 1,706 6,946 5,834
Annual Variation +16% +185% -75% +19% +37%
FCF before M&A and customer financing (in € million) 4,680 3,515 (6,935) 3,509 2,912
Annual variation +33% n.a -298% +21% -1%
IV. Employee Compensation (in € thousand) (4) 79.1 71.6 72.0 75.1 73.6
Annual Variation +10.5% -0.6% -4.1% +2.0% +3.6%
(1) Base salary 2019 relates to the former CEO up to 10 April 2019 and to the current CEO from 10 April 2019.
(2) VR paid during the financial year at stake in relation to the previous financial year. In 2020, the VR paid is related to the former CEO from 1 January 2019 up to 10 April 2019  
(based on target) and to the current CEO from 10 April 2019 up to the end of the year 2019. As a reminder, the current CEO decided in 2020 to donate the equivalent to his VR 
related to 2019 to non-governmental organisations and humanitarian organisations.
(3) Face value of LTIP granted in the financial year. No LTIP was granted in 2018 to the former CEO due to his future departure.
(4) Average compensation of full-time equivalent permanent employees from France, Germany, the UK and Spain for the Company, excluding subsidiaries, composed by gross sum 
of the Base Salary, annual bonus, profit and success sharing, overtime, premium for work conditions and other premiums. For the 2021 financial year, the amount presented has 
been adjusted based on final figures. For the 2022 financial year, the amount presented is still an estimate and will be adjusted next year.
The 2022 CEO’s direct cash compensation is roughly the same 
as in 2019, before the COVID-19 crisis.
The annual variation (+35%) of the CEO’s direct cash 
compensation between 2022 and 2021 is mainly due to the 
increase in the collective component of the Annual Variable 
Remuneration (VR): the collective component related to the VR 
paid-out in 2021 to the CEO was impacted by the COVID-19 
crisis, while it was not the case for the payment in 2022 related 
to the 2021 performance which was very strong due to quicker 
than expected post COVID-19 recovery.
The annual variation of the Employee compensation between 
2022 and 2021 is mainly due to two factors:
 – the success sharing paid in 2022 was much higher than the 
one paid in 2021 due to the COVID-19 impact,
 – in 2022, an exceptional premium of €  1,500 or £ 1,500 has 
been paid following a decision from the CEO and the Executive 
Committee in order to support our employees facing the high 
inflation environment.
4.2.1.4 Implementation of the Remuneration Policy in 2022: Non-Executive Directors
This section describes how the Remuneration Policy was 
implemented in 2022 in respect of the Non-Executive Directors. 
In line with the Remuneration Policy, the implementation thereof 
with regard to the Non-Executive Directors aims at ensuring fair 
compensation and protecting the independence of the Board’s 
Members. Their remuneration should be commensurate to the 
time spent and the responsibilities of their role on the Board of 
Directors.
The CEO is the only Member of the Board of Directors who is 
not entitled to any Board or Committee fee.
In 2022, Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors were 
entitled to the fees described below. These fees were based on 
the review of the Board remuneration undertaken in 2018 with 
the support of an independent consultant to align the Board 
remuneration with market practice, incentivise attendance and 
recognise the strategic role played by the Board of Directors in 
the Company’s developments.
a) Board fees:
 – fixed fee for membership of the Board of Directors (EUR/year):
 – Chair of the Board: 210,000,
 – Member of the Board: 80,000;
 – attendance fees (EUR / Board meeting):
 – Chair: 15,000,
 – Member: 10,000.
Attendance fees shall decrease by 50% in case of an attendance 
by phone or a Board meeting held by phone.
b) Committee fees:
 – fixed fee for membership of a Committee (EUR/year):
 – Chair: 30,000,
 – Member of a Committee: 20,000;
 – attendance fee for membership of a Committee applicable 
to chair and members (EUR / additional meeting above four 
meetings per Committee per year, whether these meetings 
were held physically or by phone):
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 246:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
246 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
The remuneration of the Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors was as follows:
(In €)
2022 2021
Fixum (1)
Attendance 
Fees (2) Total Fixum(1)
Attendance 
Fees(2) Total
Non-Executive Board Members
René Obermann 225,000 135,000 360,000 210,000 90,000 300,000
Victor Chu  100,000 66,000 166,000 100,000 43,000 143,000
Jean-Pierre Clamadieu  140,000 96,500 236,500 130,000 67,50 0 197,50 0
Ralph D. Crosby Jr. 100,000 100,000 200,000 100,000 61,000 161,000
Mark Dunkerley (3) 124,420 112,000 236,420 100,000 66,000 166,000
Stephan Gemkow  110,000 98,000 208,000 100,000 63,000 163,000
Catherine Guillouard 140,000 98,000 238,000 130,000 67,50 0 197,50 0
Amparo Moraleda  140,000 103,000 243,000 130,000 54,500 184,500
Claudia Nemat 100,000 76,500 176,500 100,000 56,500 156,500
Irene Rummelhoff (4) 72,100 75,000 147,100 N/A N/A N/A
Antony Wood (5) 3,913 10,000 13,913 N/A N/A N/A
Former Non-Executive Board Members
Lord Drayson (6) 33,811 15,000 48,811 120,000 49,500 169,500
Carlos Tavares (7) 22,541 5,000 27,541 80,000 45,000 125,000
Total 1,311,785 990,000 2,301,785 1,300,000 663,500 1,963,500
(1) Fixum includes a base fee for Board membership and the relevant Committee membership as the case may be (Audit Committee, Remuneration, Nomination and Governance 
Committee (“ RNGC”), Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee (“ ECSC”) and/or ad hoc Committee). The fixum for the year 2022 was paid 50% in January 2022 and 
50% in July 2022 except in relation to the ad hoc Committee for which the full amount was paid in January 2023. The fixum for the year 2021 was paid 50% in January 2021 and 
50% in July 2021.
(2) 2022 attendance fees include the Board attendance fees and the fees in relation to the relevant Committee (Audit Committee, RNGC and ECSC) meetings. The Board 
attendance fees related to the first semester 2022 were paid in July 2022, those related to the second semester 2022 were paid in January 2023. The Committees’ attendance 
fees related to full year 2022 were paid in January 2023.
(3) Member of the RNGC since 12 April 2022.
(4) Member of the Board of Directors and the ECSC since 12 April 2022.
(5) Member of the Board of Directors since 14 December 2022.
(6) Member of the Board of Directors, the RNGC and the ECSC until 12 April 2022.
(7) Member of the Board of Directors until 12 April 2022.
The total aggregated remuneration ( i.e. fixum and attendance 
fee) of the Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors 
was respectively € 2,154,838 in 2020, € 2,350,176 in 2019 and 
€ 2,010,910 in 2018.
For 2022, the applicable fixum for Board chair as well as the 
applicable attendance fees for Board Membership and chair 
remained unchanged since 1 January 2016 (first comprehensive 
revision since 2007) following the decision made at the 2016 
AGM to increase the remuneration of the Chair (fixum by 
€ 30,000 and attendance fees by € 5,000) and double (to 
€ 10,000) the attendance fees of the Non-Executive Board 
Members in order to be in line with market practice, incentivise 
attendance and recognise the strategic role played by the Board 
of Directors in the Company developments. The applicable 
fixum for Board membership as well as Committee membership 
and chair remained unchanged since 2007 .
The applicable attendance fees for Committee membership 
remained unchanged since 1 January 2019 following the 
decision made at the 2019 AGM to allocate an attendance 
fee above four meetings per Committee per year in order to 
take into account Directors’ attendance at a greater number 
of Committee meetings when the workload substantially 
intensifies due to exceptional circumstances.
 – physical participation: 3,000 if the Chair or Member is based 
in Europe and double attendance fee amount, i.e. 6,000 if 
the Chair or Member is based outside Europe,
 – participation by phone (whether the meeting is held physically 
or by phone): 1,500.
Note: upon recommendation of the RNGC, the Board of Directors 
decided that the Committee fees in relation to the meetings of 
the ad hoc Board Committee convened in 2022 to address 
some specific strategic topics (see section 4.1.1.2 – Board 
Committees), would be prorated to cover only the period from 
July 2022, when the Committee first met, and December 2022.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 247:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.2 Interests of Directors and Principal Executive Officers
247Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
4.2.1.5 Miscellaneous
Policy for Loans and Guarantees Granted
The Company’s general policy is not to grant any loan to the 
members of the Board of Directors. Unless the law provides 
otherwise, the members of the Board of Directors shall be 
reimbursed by the Company for various costs and expenses, 
like reasonable costs of defending claims. Under certain 
circumstances, such as an act or failure to act by a member of 
the Board of Directors that can be characterised as intentional, 
intentionally reckless, or seriously culpable, there will be no 
entitlement to this reimbursement. The Company has also 
taken out liability insurance (“D&O” – Directors & Officers) for 
the persons concerned.
See “– 4.3.3 Long-Term Incentive Plans”.
4.2.2 Long-Term Incentives Granted to the Chief Executive Officer
4.2.3 Related Party Transactions
Reflecting Article 2:129(6) of the Dutch Civil Code, Article 18.5 of 
the Articles of Association provides that “a Director shall not take 
part in the deliberations or decision-making if he has a direct or 
indirect personal interest which conflicts with the interests of the 
Company and of the enterprise connected with it. If as a result 
thereof no resolution of the Board of Directors can be adopted, 
the resolution is adopted by the General Meeting”.
During the years 2020, 2021 and 2022, no agreement was 
entered into by the Company with one of its Directors or principal 
officers or a shareholder holding more than 5% of the voting 
rights of the Company outside the ordinary course of business 
and in conditions other than arm’s length conditions. For more 
information, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated 
Financial Statements – Note 11: Related party transactions” 
for the year-ended 31 December 2022, “Notes to the IFRS 
Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 10: Related party 
transactions” for the year-ended 31 December 2021, “Notes to 
the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 10: Related 
party transactions” for the year-ended 31 December 2020, as 
incorporated by reference herein.
For a description of the relationships between the Company 
and its principal shareholders, see “– General Description of 
the Company and its Shareholders – 3.3.2 Relationships with 
Principal Shareholders”. Other than the relationships between 
the Company and its principal shareholders described therein, 
there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties 
to the Company of the Directors and their respective private 
interests or other duties.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 248:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.3 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Plans
248 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
In 2022 and 2021, the Board of Directors approved a new ESOP 
scheme. Eligible employees were able to purchase a fixed 
number of previously unissued shares at fair market value (5, 10, 
15, 30, 60 or 100 shares in 2022; 5, 15, 30, 50 or 100 shares in 
2021). The Company matched each fixed number of shares with 
a number of the Company free shares based on a determined 
ratio (5, 9, 12, 20, 35 and 55 free shares, respectively in 2022, 
versus 4, 7, 10, 13 and 25 free shares, respectively in 2021). 
During a custody period of at least one year, employees are 
restricted from selling the shares, but have the right to receive 
all dividends paid. Employees who directly purchased the 
Airbus SE shares have, in addition, the ability to vote at the 
Annual Shareholder Meetings. The subscription price was equal 
to the closing price at the Paris stock exchange on 16 March 
2022 (2021: 17 February 2021) and amounted to € 106.82 (2021: 
€ 93.90). Investing through a mutual fund led to a price which 
corresponds to the average price at the Paris stock exchange 
during the 20 trading days immediately preceding 16 February 
2022 (2021: 17 February 2021), resulting in a price of € 114.01 
(2021: € 89.52). In 2022, the Company issued and sold 1,296,252 
ordinary shares (2021: 1,442,645) with a nominal value of € 1.00 
each. In 2022, the Company issued and distributed 824,793 
matching ordinary shares (2021: 491,775) with a nominal value 
of € 1.00 each. Compensation expense (excluding social security 
contributions) of € 82 million (2021: € 49 million) was recognised 
in connection with ESOP in 2022.
The Company intends to implement an ESOP in 2023, subject 
to approval by the Board of Directors, open to all qualifying 
employees (including the CEO). With future ESOP, the Company 
intends to offer shares to eligible employees through the issuance 
of shares or free distribution of shares or other existing or new 
securities giving access to the capital as a matching contribution. 
This plan would aim at favouring the development of employee 
shareholding.
4.3.2 Employee Share Ownership Plans
Enabling employees to participate in the results of the Company 
is a key element in the Airbus benefits policy. Since its creation, 
the Company has developed a philosophy based on sharing 
the added value created by the Company with all employees 
(including the CEO). Therefore, the Company has regularly 
offered qualifying employees the opportunity to purchase shares 
on favourable terms through the ESOP .
According to shareholders’ resolutions adopted at the AGM, the 
powers to issue shares and to set aside preferential subscription 
rights of existing shareholders have been granted to the Board 
of Directors at the 2022 AGM. Such powers include the approval 
of ESO P.
The following table summarises the main terms of the ESOPs conducted over the last three years:
Year Price per share Nominal value per share Number of shares issued Date of issuance
2020
€ 136.00 (1)  / € 136.60 (2)  / 
€ 90.09 (3)
€ 1
€ 1
891,633
84,522
4 May 2020
18 November 2020
2021
€ 89.52 (1)  / € 93.90 (2)  / 
€ 114.90 (3)
€ 1
€ 1
1,871,546
62,874
18 March 2021
18 October 2021
2022
€ 114.01 (1)  / € 117.88 (2)  / 
€ 99.10 (3)
€ 1
€ 1
2,052,236
68,809
17 March 2022
18 October 2022
(1) Shares purchased within context of French group employee savings plan.
(2) Shares purchased directly.
(3) Under the umbrella of the ESOP, a dedicated UK tax advantageous Share Incentive Plan, SIP, was also deployed in 2018, 2019 and 2020.
4.3 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Plans
4.3.1 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Agreements
The Company’s remuneration policy is strongly linked to the 
achievement of individual and Company objectives, both for 
each Division and for the overall Company. Since 2012, an annual 
Performance and Restricted Unit plan has been established 
for the senior management of Airbus (see “– 4.3.3 Long-Term 
Incentive Plans”), and employees are offered shares at favourable 
conditions within the context of an Employee Share Ownership 
Plan (see “– 4.3.2 Employee Share Ownership Plans”).
Success sharing schemes which are implemented in the 
Company in more than 30 countries, including France, Germany, 
Spain and the UK, follow one set of common rules, ensuring a 
consistent application across the group.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 249:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.3 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Plans
249Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
4.3.3 Long-Term Incentive Plans
Since 2016, the Company operates a Performance Units and Performance Shares Plan. Performance Units qualify as a cash-settled 
share based payment plan under IFRS 2 and Performance Shares qualify as an equity-settled share-based payment plan under 
IFRS 2. Since 2022, the Company operates only a Performance Shares Plan.
The principal characteristics of these Performance Units and Performance Shares as of 31 December 2022 are set out in the “Notes 
to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 33: Share-based payment”. They are also summarised in the tables below:
Nineteenth tranche
Date of Board of Directors meeting (grant date) 30 October 2017
Performance Units and Performance Shares plan
Performance Units Performance Shares
Number of units/shares granted (1) 421,638 425,702
Number of units/shares granted through Equity Pool (2) 1,898 1,898
Number of units/shares outstanding 0 0
 - Units/shares granted to:
 - Mr Guillaume Faury* 4,404 4,404
 - the ten employees having being granted the highest 
number of units/shares during the year 2017 
(nineteenth tranche) 53,808 57,872
Total number of eligible beneficiaries 1,601
Vesting dates: The Performance Units and Shares will vest if the participant is still employed by an Airbus company at the respective vesting 
dates and upon achievement of mid-term business performance. Vesting schedule is made up of two payments over two years:
 - Performance Units: 50% vested in May 2021, and 50% expected in May 2022;
 - Performance Shares: 100% vested in May 2021.
Number of vested units/shares 192,010 194,975
(1) Based on 100% target performance achievement. A minimum of 50% of Performance Units will vest; 100% in case of on-target performance achievement; up to a maximum of 
150% in case of overachievement of performance criteria. In case of absolute negative results (cumulative EBIT* of Airbus) during the performance period, the Board of Directors 
can decide to review the vesting of the Performance Units including the 50% portion which is not subject to performance conditions (additional vesting condition).
(2) Mirroring the respective plan rules and regulations, but granted at a different date based on specific Board of Directors’ resolutions.
* For more information in respect of units and shares granted to the Chief Executive Officer, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements –   
Note 34: Remuneration”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 250:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.3 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Plans
250 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Twentieth tranche
Date of Board of Directors meeting (grant date) 30 October 2018
Performance Units and Performance Shares plan
Performance Units Performance Shares
Number of units/shares granted (1) 278,376 281,181
Number of units/shares granted through Equity Pool (2) 6,664 6,664
Number of units/shares outstanding 64,147 0
Units/shares granted to:
 - Mr Guillaume Faury* 4,208 4,208
 - the ten employees having being granted the highest 
number of units/shares during the year 2018  
(twentieth tranche) 23,578 26,383
Total number of eligible beneficiaries 1,626
Vesting dates: The Performance Units and Shares will vest if the participant is still employed by an Airbus company at the respective vesting 
dates and upon achievement of mid-term business performance. Vesting schedule is made up of two payments over two years:
 - Performance Units: 50% vested in May 2022, and 50% expected in May 2023;
 - Performance Shares: 100% vested in May 2022.
Number of vested units/shares 66,714 132,120
(1) Based on 100% target performance achievement. A minimum of 50% of Performance Units will vest; 100% in case of on-target performance achievement; up to a maximum of 
150% in case of overachievement of performance criteria. In case of absolute negative results (cumulative EBIT* of Airbus) during the performance period, the Board of Directors 
can decide to review the vesting of the Performance Units including the 50% portion which is not subject to performance conditions (additional vesting condition).
(2) Mirroring the respective plan rules and regulations, but granted at a different date based on specific Board of Directors’ resolutions.
* For more information in respect of units and shares granted to the Chief Executive Officer, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements –   
Note 34: Remuneration”.
Twenty-first tranche
Date of Board of Directors meeting (grant date) 29 October 2019
Performance Units and Performance Shares plan
Performance Units Performance Shares
Number of units/shares granted (1) 247,50 8 247,50 8
Number of units/shares granted through Equity Pool (2) 4,343 4,252
Number of units/shares outstanding 114,075 115,134
Units/shares granted to:
 - Mr Guillaume Faury* 5,530 5,530
 - the ten employees having being granted the highest 
number of units/shares during the year 2019  
(twenty-first tranche) 28,058 28,058
Total number of eligible beneficiaries 1,576
Vesting dates: The Performance Units and Shares will vest if the participant is still employed by an Airbus company at the respective vesting 
dates and upon achievement of mid-term business performance. Vesting schedule is made up of two payments over two years:
 - Performance Units: 50% vested in May 2023, and 50% expected in May 2024;
 - Performance Shares: 100% vested in May 2023.
Number of vested units/shares - -
(1) Based on 100% target performance achievement. A minimum of 50% of Performance Units will vest; 100% in case of on-target performance achievement; up to a maximum of 
150% in case of overachievement of performance criteria. In case of absolute negative results (cumulative EBIT* of Airbus) during the performance period, the Board of Directors 
can decide to review the vesting of the Performance Units including the 50% portion which is not subject to performance conditions (additional vesting condition).
(2) Mirroring the respective plan rules and regulations, but granted at a different date based on specific Board of Directors’ resolutions.
* For more information in respect of units and shares granted to the Chief Executive Officer, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements –   
Note 34: Remuneration”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 251:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.3 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Plans
251Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
Twenty-second tranche
Date of Board of Directors meeting (grant date) 28 October 2020
Performance Units and Performance Shares plan
Performance Units Performance Shares
Number of units/shares granted (1) 420,004 420,004
Number of units/shares granted through Equity Pool (2) 1,224 1,224
Number of units/shares outstanding 401,527 401,527
Units/shares granted to:
 - Mr Guillaume Faury* 9,920 9,920
 - the ten employees having being granted the highest 
number of units/shares during the year 2020  
(twenty-second tranche) 48,610 48,610
Total number of eligible beneficiaries 1,602
Vesting dates: The Performance Units and Shares will vest if the participant is still employed by an Airbus company at the respective vesting 
dates and upon achievement of mid-term business performance. Vesting schedule is made up of two payments over two years:
 - Performance Units: 50% expected in May 2024, and 50% expected in May 2025.
 - Performance Shares: 100% vested in May 2024.
Number of vested units/sjates - -
(1) Based on 100% target performance achievement. A minimum of 50% of Performance Units will vest; 100% in case of on-target performance achievement; up to a maximum of 
150% in case of overachievement of performance criteria. In case of absolute negative results (cumulative EBIT* of Airbus) during the performance period, the Board of Directors 
can decide to review the vesting of the Performance Units including the 50% portion which is not subject to performance conditions (additional vesting condition).
(2) Mirroring the respective plan rules and regulations, but granted at a different date based on specific Board of Directors’ resolutions.
* For more information in respect of units and shares granted to the Chief Executive Officer, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 34: 
Remuneration”.
Twenty-third tranche
Date of Board of Directors meeting (grant date) 15 December 2021
Performance Shares Plan
Number of shares granted (1) 520,870
Number of shares granted through Equity Pool (2) 7,438
Number of shares outstanding 522,932
Shares granted to:
 - Mr Guillaume Faury* 12,121
 - the ten employees having being granted the highest number of shares 
during the year 2021 (twenty-third tranche) 61,412
Total number of eligible beneficiaries 1,782
Vesting dates: The Performance Shares will vest if the participant is still employed by an Airbus company at the respective vesting dates 
and upon achievement of mid-term business performance. Vesting schedule is expected in May 2025.
Number of vested shares -
(1) Based on 100% target performance achievement. A minimum of 50% of Performance Shares will vest; 100% in case of on-target performance achievement; up to a maximum of 
150% in case of overachievement of performance criteria. In case of absolute negative results (cumulative EBIT* of Airbus) during the performance period, the Board of Directors 
can decide to review the vesting of the Performance Shares including the 50% portion which is not subject to performance conditions (additional vesting condition).
(2) Mirroring the respective plan rules and regulations, but granted at a different date based on specific Board of Directors’ resolutions.
* For more information in respect of shares granted to the Chief Executive Officer, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 34: Remuneration”.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 252:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
4.3 Employee Success Sharing and Incentive Plans
252 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
Twenty-fourth tranche
Date of Board of Directors meeting (grant date) 14 December 2022
Performance Shares Plan
Number of shares granted (1) 649,373
Number of shares granted through Equity Pool (2) 1,348
Number of shares outstanding 650,721
Shares granted to:
 - Mr Guillaume Faury* 14,115
 - the ten employees having being granted the highest number of shares 
during the year 2022 (twenty-fourth tranche) 63,471
Total number of eligible beneficiaries 1,574
Vesting dates: The Performance Shares will vest if the participant is still employed by an Airbus company at the respective vesting dates 
and upon achievement of mid-term business performance. Vesting schedule is expected in May 2026.
Number of vested shares -
(1) Based on 100% target performance achievement. A minimum of 50% of Performance Shares will vest; 100% in case of on-target performance achievement; up to a maximum of 
150% in case of overachievement of performance criteria. In case of absolute negative results (cumulative EBIT* of Airbus) during the performance period, the Board of Directors 
can decide to review the vesting of the Performance Shares including the 50% portion which is not subject to performance conditions (additional vesting condition).
(2) Mirroring the respective plan rules and regulations, but granted at a different date based on specific Board of Directors’ resolutions.
* For more information in respect of shares granted to the Chief Executive Officer, please refer to the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 34: Remuneration”.
The information in respect of stock options and performance and restricted shares cancelled and exercised during the year are 
set out in “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 33: Share-based payment”.
SHAREHOLDING IN THE COMPANY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AT THE END OF 2022
Member of the Board of Directors Shareholding
 - Mr Guillaume Faury 26,599 ordinary shares
 - Mr Jean-Pierre Clamadieu 2,000 ordinary shares
 - Ms. Amparo Moraleda 1,700 ordinary shares
 - Ms. Catherine Guillouard 185 ordinary shares
 - Mr Ralph Dozier Crosby, Jr. 10 ordinary shares
No other Member of the Board of Directors holds shares or other securities in the Company.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 253:
4. Corporate Governance  / 
253Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0404
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 254:
Chapter 
254 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 255:
05
General  
Information
5.1 Entity Responsible for 
the Universal Registration Document 256
5.2 Statement of the Entity Responsible for 
the Universal Registration Document 256
5.3 Information Policy 256
5.4 Undertakings of the Company Regarding Information 257
5.5 Significant Changes 257
5.6 Statement on Approval 257
255 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022

Page 256:
5. General Information  / 
5.1 Entity Responsible for the Universal Registration Document
256 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
5.1  Entity Responsible 
for the Universal Registration Document
5.2  Statement of the Entity Responsible 
for the Universal Registration Document
Airbus SE
The Company declares that the information contained in the document is, to the best of the Company’s knowledge, in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.
The legal person responsible for the information in the Universal Registration Document is Airbus SE. The registered office of 
Airbus SE is Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands.
Airbus SE represented by:
Guillaume Faury
Chief Executive Officer
 – Contact details for information:
Mrs Helene Le Gorgeu
Head of Investor Relations and Financial Communication, Airbus SE
2 rond-point Émilie Dewoitine
BP 90112
31703 Blagnac France
Telephone: +33 5 82 05 53 01
E-mail: ir@airbus.com
 – Special toll-free hotlines are available to shareholders in France (0 800 01 2001), Germany (00 800 00 02 2002) and Spain 
(00 800 00 02 2002). An international number is also available for the rest of the world (+33 800 01 2001).
 – An e-mail box is dedicated to shareholders’ messages:  
ir@airbus.com
A website, www.airbus.com, provides a wide range of information on the Company, including the Board of Directors’ report. 
Additionally, for the life of this Registration Document, copies of:
 – the Company’s Articles of Association ;
 – the Registration Document  filed in English with the AFM without prior approval on 23 March 2020;
 – the Registration Document  filed in English with the AFM without prior approval on 26 March 2021;
 – the Registration Document  filed in English with the AFM without prior approval on 6 April 2022; and
 – the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements for the years 2020 , 2021  and 2022  together with the related independent  auditors’ 
reports, may be inspected at the Company’s registered office at: Airbus SE, Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, the Netherlands, 
Seat (statutaire zetel) Amsterdam, Tel.: +31 (0)71 5245 600.
The information on the website of the Company has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority and does not 
form part of the Registration Document unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Registration Document.
5.3  Information Policy
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 257:
5. General Information  /
5.4 Undertakings of the Company Regarding Information
257Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
0505
5.4 Undertakings of the Company Regarding 
Information
Given the fact that the shares of the Company are listed on Euronext Paris, on the regulierter Markt (in the sub-segment Prime 
Standard) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and on the Madrid, Bilbao, Barcelona and Valencia Stock Exchanges, the Company 
is subject to certain laws and regulations applicable in France, Germany and Spain in relation to information, the main ones of 
which are summarised in “General Description of the Company and its Share Capital – 3.1.3 Governing Laws and Disclosures”.
5.5 Significant Changes
5.6 Statement on Approval
As of the date of the Universal Registration Document, there has been no significant change in the Company’s financial performance 
and there has been no significant change in the Company’s Financial Position since 31 December 2022.
This Universal Registration Document has been filed with the AFM on 4 April 2023 in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation without prior approval pursuant to Article 9 of the Prospectus Regulation. This Universal Registration 
Document may be used for the purposes of an offer to the public of securities or admission of securities to trading on a regulated 
market if approved by the AFM together with any amendments, if applicable, and a securities note and summary approved in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 258:
258 Airbus / Annual Report – Universal Registration Document 2022
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Page 259:
Contact Airbus at: 
2 rond-point Dewoitine 
BP 90112 
31703 Blagnac Cedex 
France

Page 260:
Airbus SE
Mendelweg 30
2333 CS Leiden
The Netherlands

