Page 1:
Environmental,  
Social and  
Governance Report
2023


Page 2:
Table of Contents
About this Report
Message from our CEO 4
About argenx 6
ESG Strategy 9
Patients
Innovation 11
Improving Patients’ Lives:  
Inspired by Those We Serve 14
Clinical Trials 17
Patient Engagement  
& Advocacy 19
Access to Medicines 21
Quality & Safety 23
People
People and  
Leadership Development 27
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 30
Wellbeing and Benefits 33
Health and Safety 35
Community 36
Governance
ESG Governance  
and Oversight 39
Ethical Business Conduct 42
Taxation and  
Tax Transparency 44
Animal Welfare 45
Supply Chain Management 46
Data Security and Privacy 48
Planet
Environmental Impact 51
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
(Scope 1, 2, and 3) 52
Appendix
Performance Data 56
SASB Table 60
Reporting Practices 64

Page 3:
Contents
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
About this Report
This report has been prepared in alignment with the  
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards for 
Biotechnical and Pharmaceuticals and, unless otherwise indicated, 
data published in this 2023 ESG report are for the period January 
1, 2023 – December 31, 2023.
This report is intended to serve as a complement to our 
2023 annual report 
 , in which we make all disclosures required 
for our compliance with the Non-Financial Reporting Directive 
(NFRD) and the EU Taxonomy Regulation, and ancillary legislation 
and guidelines applicable to us. 
Message from our CEO 4
About argenx 6
ESG Strategy 9
 
argenx ESG Report 20233

Page 4:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Message from our CEO
Dear Shareholder, 
argenx is changing the landscape of how we treat people who are living with autoimmune 
diseases, starting with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). We want to set a new 
standard for what an innovative treatment can provide to patients and we are proud  
to say it is working. In 2023, we doubled the number of gMG patients who are benefiting 
from our first-in-class treatment, VYVGART.
“We know that continued growth and breakthrough 
discoveries require us to embed truly sustainable 
business practices in every aspect of our organization. 
By tirelessly focusing on the wellbeing of patients, 
our people, and our shared planet, we will continue 
to transform lives together. ”
Living Up to our Promise to Patients
We have reached more than 6,000 patients globally since the launch of VYVGART 
and this success reflects our dedication to reshaping the understanding of 
autoimmunity worldwide. Looking ahead, we eagerly anticipate the potential approval 
and U.S. launch of VYVGART HYTRULO in chronic inflammatory demyelinating 
polyneuropathy (CIDP) and the potential approval and launch in Japan of VYVGART in 
primary immune thrombocytopenia (ITP), marking another step forward in our mission to 
make innovative medicines accessible to the many autoimmune patients that are waiting.
For our second asset, empasiprubart, we have demonstrated proof-of-concept in multifocal 
motor neuropathy (MMN) — a disease with a challenging, complex and often distressing 
diagnosis for which few effective treatments exist. Many patients with MMN are waiting  
for a targeted, effective treatment option, and we share their sense of urgency as we work 
to advance this program. 
I know my fellow argonauts are as inspired as I am by the optimism and resilience of our 
patients as we look ahead to our goal of helping as many patients worldwide as possible. 
A Sustainable Approach to Groundbreaking Innovation 
We cannot achieve our ambitious mission without continuous innovation and 
collaboration. Our commitment to developing groundbreaking therapies perfectly  
aligns with our ESG strategy, ensuring the sustained ability to pioneer in immunology. 
I have always believed that our people — argonauts — are our greatest asset, and  
that collective commitment is the only way to achieve our mission. Advancing scientific 
breakthroughs requires a culture that will attract the brightest minds, and keep them 
engaged and inspired to realize their full potential in service of patients. Guided by our 
cultural pillars, we seek to bring out the best in ourselves and in each other to maximize 
our collective impact. Together, we can make meaningful breakthroughs that change lives.
Tim Van 
Hauwermeiren
Message from our CEO | 
argenx ESG Report 20234

Page 5:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
“Sustainability reaches far beyond environmental 
stewardship: our ESG practices must help us to 
sustain a culture of innovation that is as strong  
as the patients we serve. 
This philosophy extends beyond medications  
and therapies; it's about fostering a dynamic work 
environment that attracts and retains top talent, 
creating a culture where people flourish and grow  
in alignment with our broader communities. ” 
Our dedication to innovation is also evident in our ongoing collaborations with leading 
experts in disease biology research, driving advancements in understanding the science  
of autoimmune diseases. Just as no argonaut can achieve our mission alone, we operate 
beyond the four walls of argenx: our Immunology Innovation Program (IIP) enables a 
unique approach to co-creation that combines our world-leading antibody engineering 
capabilities with external collaborators’ deeply specialized understanding of disease and 
target biology. This program helps us to continuously develop our pipeline and supports 
our sustainable approach to innovation. 
Creating Value for Stakeholders  
Through ESG Excellence 
Just as our mission of innovation extends far beyond the lab, ESG at argenx goes beyond 
plans on paper: it is a pathway to creating stakeholder value with thoughtful choices that  
fit into our mission and business. Revenue is one measure, but we measure success in other 
ways as well. Our ability to reach patients with our innovative medicines also reinforces our 
employees’ shared sense of purpose, and underpins our productive and meaningful work 
environment. Our growth means that we can re-invest across our business in our discovery 
engine, clinical pipeline and commercial infrastructure to drive towards sustainability.  
It permeates beyond the four walls of argenx, creating a vibrant ecosystem of innovation. 
And this is just the beginning, as we anticipate continued global expansion in the year ahead. 
Anticipating an Expansive Future 
Reflecting on our achievements and the integral role of ESG in our journey, we are confident 
in our ability to sustain growth. We have plans to report data from six Phase 2 studies 
and initiate multiple Phase 3 studies in 2024, as well as to file four new IND candidates by 
the end of 2025. This demonstrates our continuous commitment to groundbreaking 
therapies. 
Through responsible business practices, we can ensure sustained innovation centered  
on patients. On this journey, we are not just meeting expectations; we aim to exceed  
them. Collectively, I know we will continue transforming lives and shaping a future  
where everyone can thrive.
Sincerely 
Tim Van Hauwermeiren
Message from our CEO | 
argenx ESG Report 20235

Page 6:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
About argenx
We are on a mission to transform the treatment of autoimmune diseases by translating 
immunology breakthroughs into a pipeline of novel antibody-based medicines. 
Autoimmune diseases manifest when the body mistakenly turns its own defenses against 
itself, triggering the immune system to produce antibodies that attack its own tissues  
and cells. The causes are not always well understood. We know that symptoms and effects 
are highly individualized, necessitating an equally individualized approach to treatment.
This work demands our relentless commitment, dedication and curiosity. Most of all, it 
demands that we put patients at the center of every step of our innovation journey. As part 
of our work, we listen to patients and their supporters and we integrate their stories and 
aspirations into all that we do on our mission to transform autoimmunity.
2023 Progress
VYVGART is a first-in-class antibody fragment targeting the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  
and is now approved for generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in more than 30 countries 
globally. VYVGART SC is approved in the U.S. (as VYVGART HYTRULO), the EU, the UK, and  
in Japan (as VYVDURA). This makes VYVGART the only gMG treatment available as both an 
intravenous (IV) and a simple subcutaneous (SC) injection. Looking ahead, we are focused 
on reaching more patients globally who are living with gMG and other autoimmune diseases. 
As part of this goal, we are working towards reaching patients earlier in the gMG treatment 
paradigm and expanding to new patient populations through additional global regulatory 
approvals in gMG, as well as the expansion of uses to treat a broad range of autoimmune 
indications with efgartigimod.
Our Roadmap to Growth
 y In 2024, our goal is to reach more patients globally with VYVGART through  
the below milestones:
 ◦ Decision on approval of VYVGART for ITP in Japan expected in first quarter of 2024
 ◦ A supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for SC efgartigimod for CIDP  
has been accepted for priority review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), 
with a Prescription Drug Used Fee Act (PDUFA) target date of June 21, 2024
 ◦ Decisions on approval of VYVGART for gMG expected in multiple jurisdictions by the 
end of 2024
 ◦ Decision on approval of VYVGART SC for gMG expected in mainland China (Mainland  
China) by the end of 2024 (through Zai Lab)
About argenx | 
argenx ESG Report 20236

Page 7:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
 y Advance current pipeline through upcoming data readouts:
 ◦ On track to be approved or in development in 15 autoimmune indications for 
efgartigimod by 2025
 ◦ Advancing earlier stage pipeline programs, including empasiprubart (C2 inhibitor) 
with Phase 2 studies ongoing in multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN), delayed graft 
function (DGF) and dermatomyositis (DM), and ARGX-119 (MuSK agonist) currently  
in Phase 1 with Phase 1b/2a in CMS and ALS, respectively, planned to start in 2024 
 y Leverage repeatable innovation playbook to drive long-term pipeline growth:
 ◦ Continued investment in our discovery engine; the IIP
 ◦ Nominated four new pipeline candidates, in which preclinical work is ongoing and  
on track for an investigational new drug (IND) application filing by the end of 2025:
 – ARGX-213 targeting FcRn and further solidifying our leadership in this new class  
of medicine
 – ARGX-121 and ARGX-220, which are first-in-class targets broadening our focus 
across the immune system
 – ARGX-109, targeting IL-6, which plays an important role in inflammation
Innovation is at the core of everything we do — and we recognize that success is not  
only defined by what we do, but also how we do it. The argenx approach is grounded  
in co-creation and empowerment, aiming to lift each other to achieve the unthinkable  
by building on each other’s strengths. Our dedicated argonauts know that we can only 
achieve excellence when we follow the data in our decision-making. We do so while 
maintaining our humility — never taking success for granted because we have as much  
to learn from our challenges as from our achievements. 
Journey to Transform Autoimmunity
C D 7 0  +  I L 2 2 R  +  G A R P  +  F c R n  +  C 2  +  M u S K …
Leading 
antibody 
engineering 
capabilities
Pipeline-in-
a-product
opportunities
Pioneering
novel target
biology
Creating Optionality Across and Within Molecules
About argenx | 
argenx ESG Report 20237

Page 8:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
1,148
full-time  
employees globally
2,900+
clinical trial patients 
treated with candidates  
from our pipeline
$859M
invested in R&D in 2023
Numerous 
programs
at all times in our  
broad IIP portfolio
4
pipeline candidates  
out-licensed  
to our partners
24
active clinical trials
9
programs have been  
tested in humans  
since our inception
VYVGART is setting new 
expectations in gMG treatment, 
supported by a consistent and 
repeatable efficacy and safety 
profile from clinical trials and 
real-world experience
 y 45% of treated patients in ADAPT achieved minimal symptom 
expression (MSE), which is defined as myasthenia gravis activities 
of daily living score of 0 or 1. MSE achievement results in quality-
of-life measures that are comparable to healthy populations
 y Real-world VYVGART usage demonstrates meaningful  
steroid tapering by at least 5mg/day within first 6 months  
of treatment initiation
 y Leading Health Technology Assessment agency assessed 
VYVGART to demonstrate superior cost/benefit over intravenous 
immunoglobin (IVIg)
 y The VYVGART safety database now includes an estimated  
4,000 patient years of safety follow-up
About argenx | 
argenx ESG Report 20238

Page 9:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
ESG Strategy
Our Strategy
We are dedicated to enhancing patient lives by pioneering groundbreaking medicines. 
Innovation is at the heart of our mission to bring life-changing medicines to patients, 
underscoring the profound link between our purpose and the opportunity to create lasting 
value for all stakeholders. In order to succeed, we must create an internal environment that 
can attract the best talent, enable people to perform at their best and retain them over the 
long-term. We must also work to maintain the trust we have established with stakeholder 
communities so far, which we do by going the extra mile. We know that if we do the right 
thing for our patients and our communities, we are doing the right thing for the business. 
Our primary objectives in setting our ESG strategy are to highlight non-financial performance 
data and to disclose metrics that provide insight into our long-term sustainability and role 
in our global community. We believe that sustainability is not only a moral imperative but  
a strategic enabler, driving innovation, resilience and long-term societal impact. 
Since 2022, when we began to disclose non-financial performance data, we have continued 
to evolve our reporting to address feedback from key stakeholders, as well as address 
regulatory developments and industry best practices. As we navigate the evolving landscape, 
we acknowledge the importance of adapting to our changing environment and aligning 
with the evolving mindset of our stakeholders. Innovation isn't just about groundbreaking 
science; it's about embracing our role and responsibilities in ESG, and aiming to improve year 
over year in providing even greater insight into our sustainability initiatives and practices.
As of January 1, 2024, we are required under the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) to disclose sustainability-related information in accordance with the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). The scope of these disclosures is determined by 
the outcome of the double materiality assessment we have conducted. For fiscal year 2024, 
we will align our disclosure practices with the CSRD and ESRS requirements, and we will 
complement them, where possible, with additional voluntary standards and metrics to 
enhance transparency and accountability. We are implementing procedures and policies  
to enable our auditor to perform a limited assurance engagement on the disclosures  
in our 2024 annual report.
In developing this and other reports, we try to strike the right balance between sharing data 
points and providing appropriate context about why they are important to us. We remain 
committed to deepening ESG integration into our core strategy, fostering a sustainable 
business that not only delivers value today but shapes a better tomorrow for patients, 
employees, collaborators and the global community.
ESG Strategy | 
argenx ESG Report 20239

Page 10:
Contents
PatientsAbout this 
Report People Governance Planet Appendix
Patients
We exist to innovate on behalf of people living with severe 
autoimmune disease. We are motivated by the resolve of 
patients and share in their determination to overcome the 
many challenges they experience living with a chronic disease. 
We know that much of the suffering they face is unseen, and 
we hope that by pioneering immunology innovations we can 
advance the understanding of autoimmune disease and deliver 
transformational treatments to patients worldwide. 
When we start with a deep understanding of patients’ needs,  
we accelerate scientific breakthroughs and deliver differentiated 
medicines that change lives.
Innovation 11
Improving Patients’ Lives:  
Inspired by Those We Serve 14
Clinical Trials 17
Patient Engagement  
& Advocacy 19
Access to Medicines 21
Quality & Safety 23
ESG Strategy | 
argenx ESG Report 2023 10

Page 11:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Innovation
“Scientific breakthroughs might be possible  
by working alone, but they become even  
more meaningful when we work together.  
Our shared purpose at argenx is to translate 
our immunology breakthroughs into innovative 
medicines to transform autoimmunity.  
By cultivating a strong ecosystem of experts 
invested in this cause, including the greatest 
experts — patients themselves — we unlock 
the true power of co-creation. ”
Peter Ulrichts
Chief Scientific Officer
 
Our Pipeline and Medicine: Delivering 
Breakthroughs for Underserved Patients
Healthcare providers and their patients deserve options to treat rare autoimmune diseases, 
but historically those options have been sorely lacking. We are working to change that with 
our pipeline of first-in-class therapies.
We balance depth and breadth in our development portfolio, creating opportunities to 
pursue potential breakthroughs within our own walls and in collaboration with our partners. 
By prioritizing patient needs, clinical rigor and bringing a sense of humility to the innovation 
ecosystem, we believe we can make the fastest progress. We have demonstrated this 
approach with our first-in-class FcRn blocker, VYVGART and VYVGART SC for the treatment 
of gMG, and hope to bring the same transformational approach to the treatment of CIDP. 
Innovation | 
argenx ESG Report 202311

Page 12:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Breadth and Depth within Autoimmune Pipeline
NEUROLOGY HEMATOLOGY AND RHEUMATOLOGY DERMATOLOGY NEPHROLOGY INDICATION NOT DISCLOSED
1) AAV program under review; phase 2 study paused at the time of publication of this ESG report
Program Indication Preclinical Phase 1 Proof of Concept Registrational Commercial
VYVGART
ARGX-109 NOT DISCLOSED
ARGX-121 NOT DISCLOSED
ARGX-213 NOT DISCLOSED
ARGX-220 NOT DISCLOSED
ARGX-119
Congenital Myasthenic Syndrome
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Empasiprubart
Multifocal Motor Neuropathy
Delayed Graft Function
Dermatomyositis
gMG
ITP
VYVGART
Hytrulo
gMG
CIDP
Efgartigimod
Thyroid Eye Disease
Bullous Pemphigoid
Myositis (IMNM, ASyS, DM)
Sjögren’s disease
POTS post-COVID-19
Membranous Nephropathy
ANCA-associated vasculitis 1)
Antibody Mediated Rejection
Lupus Nephropathy
Innovation | 
argenx ESG Report 202312

Page 13:
ARGX-109
(Anti-IL-6)
ARGX-213
(Anti-FcRn)
ARGX-121
ARGX-220
Empasiprubart
POC established in MMN 
Trials in DGF and DM
(efgartigimod alfa-fcab)
Intravenous injection 400 mg/20 mL vial
®
(efgartigimod alfa & hyaluronidase-qvfc)
Subcutaneous injection 180 mg/2000 U/mL vial
® Hytrulo
$1.2B in gMG revenue in 2023
CIDP sBLA submitted
PDUFA date June 21, 2024
ITP MAA filed
15 indications in 
development by 2025
PFS in development
ARGX-119
Phase 1b/2a trials 
in CMS and ALS
I m m u n o l o g y  I n n o v a t io n  Program
P i p e l in e
V Y V G A R T  O p p o r t u n ity
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Autoimmune Diseases
IIP: Co-Creating Differentiated Therapies
The name argenx was inspired by the tale of the argonauts, one of the first 
stories on record recognizing the power of the team rather than one hero.
The IIP unites our antibody engineering expertise with the brightest minds in disease 
biology, as a means of propelling the discovery of novel targets, disease pathways and 
differentiated therapeutic antibodies. In other words, it is our discovery engine. 
Pipeline diversification is a crucial aspect of the argenx strategy to ultimately offer patients 
as many options as possible. 
We have optimized a pipeline expansion model to create a fully functioning innovation 
ecosystem. Within the IIP, “collaboration” is not a buzzword; it’s our way of operating to 
unleash our shared potential on every level. Our IIP collaborators serve as ongoing program 
advisors from the earliest concept discussions through commercialization conversations, 
building a culture of mutual accountability and shared success.
Our deep pipeline of highly differentiated product candidates all emerged from this 
elevated co-creation model. This includes wholly-owned programs like efgartigimod, 
empasiprubart and ARGX-119 and our preclinical candidates ARGX-220, ARGX-120 and 
ARGX-109. It also includes pipeline programs that we have out-licensed, including ARGX-112  
(anti-IL-22R antibody) to LEO Pharma and ARGX-115 (anti-GARP antibody) (ABBV-151) to 
AbbVie, as well as efforts within our spin-off companies, like OncoVerity, Inc. through our 
collaboration with the University of Colorado to develop cusatuzumab (anti-CD70 antibody) 
in acute myeloid leukemia.
Immunology Innovation Horizons 
Innovation | 
argenx ESG Report 202313

Page 14:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Ryohei Japan  
embraces the unseen gifts of MG
“I personally think of this illness as 
a gift. Thanks to this illness, I have 
been able to meet friends and various 
people from around the world.  
I can still move my body. I can still play 
the piano. I am grateful for the help  
I receive from those around me, and  
for what I can do now. I want to continue 
living positively and cheerfully. ”
Improving Patients’ Lives:  
Inspired by Those We Serve
Our argonauts know that the patients who need our therapies are tireless. We see their 
resolve, and we commit to being equally tireless in pursuit of transformative therapies. 
Our work has the potential to change countless lives in the future. We are grateful to,  
and inspired by, each patient who trusts us with their stories today.
Diplopia and sensory symptoms affected piano playing, which gives  
meaning to his life. 
Today, he continues to play the piano every day as he explores ways  
to express himself.
Ryohei (58 years old) began having subjective symptoms of MG in his twenties.
His symptoms began with extreme fatigue and feeling heavy, but multiple hospital visits 
could not identify the cause. One day, he began to experience diplopia (double vision).  
An ophthalmologist was unable to find any abnormalities, but prolonged symptoms led 
Ryohei to a university hospital for further testing.
Patient 
Stories
Improving Patients’ Lives: Inspired by Those We Serve | 
argenx ESG Report 202314

Page 15:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
The result was unexpected: myasthenia gravis, a disease with which he was unfamiliar — 
and which he expected to be curable. 
Ryohei's online research after the hospital visit led to a second shock, when he realized it 
was an incurable condition with few treatments available. Still, having a diagnosis provided 
its own small sense of relief. After decades of symptoms that friends, family and colleagues 
typically dismissed as mere exhaustion, any answer gave him hope for improvement. 
Ryohei’s progressing MG symptoms meant that he was no longer able to drive, or easily 
take a walk. He had to give up everyday activities he had previously taken for granted,  
like a quick trip to the convenience store or even stepping outside for a breath of fresh air. 
Some changes were difficult in other ways. Playing piano had always infused his life with 
meaning, but now the diplopia made it difficult to read music, and sensory symptoms made 
it challenging to hit the keys. In the face of these challenges, Ryohei has persevered, and 
continues to find new ways to express himself — including as a pianist — even if it feels 
different than it used to. 
As with many patients, Ryohei went through a process of trial and error in order to reduce 
his reliance on medication as much as possible. Through this process he met his current 
physician, a “wonderful doctor” who helps him find new ways to live fully with MG. Ryohei 
also understands the importance of his role in these conversations: “To ensure that  
the doctor knows my symptoms, it is vital for me to put in the effort myself,” said Ryohei.  
In addition to tracking symptoms, he makes sure to clearly communicate his goals  
and hopes for the type of treatment plan and condition he ultimately hopes to achieve.
Ryohei’s MG journey has shifted his thinking about other relationships, too.  
“When you are really having a hard time, it is fine to depend on those around you,” he said. 
“I, too, tried to do everything by myself at first,  
even when I could not open the lid of a PET bottle  
on my own. When that happened, the nurse told  
me it is fine to ask for help. Being told to ask for  
help made me realize that there are also times  
when we should rely on others. ” 
One way he has learned to signal his needs is by using a cane in crowded or congested 
areas, and to wear a “help mark” to make sure that others are aware of his disease.
Today, Ryohei thinks of his illness as a gift. Through this illness, he has met many people 
and discovered new perspectives on everyday life, such as gratitude for being able to  
move his body, desire to continue playing the piano, and the possibility of coming up with 
creative ways to get around problems. Going forward, he says that he wants to continue  
to live a positive and enjoyable life – complete with myasthenia gravis.
Patient 
Stories
Improving Patients’ Lives: Inspired by Those We Serve | 
argenx ESG Report 202315

Page 16:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Patient 
Stories
Brenda U.S.  
MMN 
“Sometimes you can’t always  
see what’s going on with people – 
autoimmune issues are not always 
visible to the naked eye. With MMN, 
fatigue is a huge problem, your body  
is working harder to do everything. ”
Marguerite France  
MG
Marguerite urges people to resist 
snap judgments and to seek a deeper 
understanding of conditions such  
as MG. She emphasizes the need for 
awareness and encourages people 
to educate themselves about these 
unassuming diseases.
Improving Patients’ Lives: Inspired by Those We Serve | 
argenx ESG Report 202316

Page 17:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Clinical Trials
Safety, efficiency and ethics govern the argenx approach to clinical trials. Within the 
sometimes-limited patient populations that suffer from severe autoimmune diseases,  
we prioritize diverse trial enrollment that mirrors the patient population and global  
regions where we operate.
At argenx, we believe in patient-led research and prioritize patient involvement in the 
clinical research process. In 2023, every protocol was vetted by patients through diverse 
patient panels and listening sessions. We conducted more than 25 panels in 10 countries. 
Across our 24 active clinical trials in 2023, we ensured the continuous monitoring of the 
safety profile of our investigational products and ensured compliance with adverse event 
reporting to health authorities worldwide. We also ensured supply to patients on clinical 
trials and have had no supply disruption. 
Clinical Trial Quality and Safety at argenx
 y Training and oversight focused 
 on real-time engagement 
 and what is critical to quality 
 y Holistic oversight of all  
trials through our Clinical 
Operations Excellence leads
 y Designated Good Clinical 
Practice Quality Lead  for 
each study, to assure quality 
from the start
 y Risk-based clinical trial related 
audit programs focused  
on critical aspects of the 
clinical trials
 y Accessible, user-friendly 
standard operating 
procedures
 y Stringent vendor assessments 
and oversight to help ensure 
high quality
Clinical Trial Transparency
Clinical trial transparency is an important topic for us. Transparency enhances 
trust among all those involved in clinical research: trial participants, healthcare 
professionals and biopharmaceutical companies. It is also essential to measure 
the progress made to address unmet therapeutic needs for patients. As outlined 
in our standard operating procedure, we must adhere to all mandatory clinical 
trial and results posting and associated requirements and timelines per regional 
and national directives, guidelines and/or laws. To support (public) transparency 
of information involving argenx clinical trials and to allow usability of the 
gathered clinical data, argenx ensures that every clinical trial involving patients 
(Ph1b to Ph4) is registered in a publicly accessible database per required 
timelines. A dedicated transparency team is responsible for registering  
and maintaining accurate information in publicly accessible databases1). 
1) These include (but are not limited to) ClinicalTrials.gov (U.S.) and Clinical Trials Information System  
(CTIS, EEA), clinicaltrialsregister.eu (EEA), and jrct.niph.go.jp (Japan).
Clinical Trials | 
argenx ESG Report 202317

Page 18:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Clinical Trial Diversity
Improving clinical trial diversity is a scientific necessity and a moral imperative. Ensuring 
diverse enrolment can be especially challenging in the case of many orphan indications, 
which can be rare diseases with comparatively limited patient populations — while at  
the same time, our belief in the importance of highly individualized therapies necessitates 
that we mirror those patient populations in our research.
As with other aspects of our operations, we aim to embed a focus on diversity from  
the earliest phases of trial development. Analyses of the population impacted by a given 
disease are conducted as early as possible in the development phase of work, as are 
conversations engaging patient association group representatives, so that this insight  
may be carried into the clinical trial process.
Cross-functional experts from pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic, all clinical functions, 
patient advocacy, medical affairs and legal and compliance work together to ensure that 
we prioritize diversity across our value chain. 
To reduce barriers to access and build trust with historically underserved communities,  
our efforts involve proactive outreach, patient education and accessibility considerations  
in each community where we aim to conduct trials. 
We reduce barriers for prospective trial enrollees in the following ways:
 y Broadened patient eligibility
 y Epidemiological data to inform gender and racial diversity in participant composition
 y Transparent materials focused on creating clear, easy-to-read resources in  
local language
Making Progress with 
Underrepresented Populations
Our first 2023 study on diversity in clinical trials validated our approach and 
methodology to increasing representation. We believe we have made progress 
in increasing diverse patients by race and ethnicity, both in patient screenings 
and in actual trial participants.
Clinical Trials | 
argenx ESG Report 202318

Page 19:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Patient Engagement & Advocacy
Patient Engagement
At argenx, patients with severe autoimmune disease are at the heart of our purpose. 
Inspired by these individuals’ resilience in the face of extraordinary challenges, our own 
commitment goes beyond conventional care. We offer a comprehensive approach to care, 
offering a wide range of tools to support patients, their caregivers and families — from resources, 
studies and a documentary to online communities that foster interaction and sharing. 
In 2023, we were able to hold more than 25 patient panels and listening sessions in  
10 countries. As a result, we not only increase disease awareness and strengthen these patient 
communities, but we deepen our own ability to identify and address unmet clinical needs.
Reaching Diverse Patients with Untold Stories
In collaboration with iHeartRadio, we executed a data-driven initiative to enhance patient 
engagement and raise awareness for MG. The outcome was the creation of the podcast 
“Untold Stories: Life with Myasthenia Gravis,” a targeted effort merging innovation with 
grassroots strategies. This initiative was created to tell the stories of patients from diverse 
backgrounds and life experiences dealing with rare autoimmune conditions.
Hosted by Martine Hackett, the podcast strategically addressed the diverse experiences  
of individuals living with Myasthenia Gravis and CIDP by highlighting stories of patients 
from a range of backgrounds and life experiences, all telling their stories of living with  
rare autoimmune conditions. “Untold Stories” illuminated the challenges of diagnosis and 
individuals’ unique journeys toward improved wellbeing. In addition to positive anecdotal 
feedback, the robust metrics available through podcast platforms documented a significant 
impact within target audiences.
Untold Stories Resonates  
with MG Community
“So important for the MG community.  
This is the first time there has been an entire 
show dedicated to those living with MG.  
Thank you for making this!!!!!”
Rusty 
listener living with MG
Untold Stories reached
97,000
downloads with
83,000
individual listeners globally
Patient Engagement & Advocacy | 
argenx ESG Report 202319

Page 20:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Patient Advocacy
Caring for severe autoimmune disease means more than treating symptoms and 
connecting with patients; it means carrying the lessons from this dynamic community  
into our work every day.
At argenx, we envision patients as active participants in our meetings, influencing  
our strategies and infusing our discussions with urgency and a sense of possibility. 
We know that a patient-centric mindset is not enough: we aim to operationalize patient-
centricity through our Global Patient Advocacy Team, with dedicated country-level staff  
in Canada, Mainland China, the EU, Israel, the UK, the U.S., and Japan serving as daily 
ambassadors for the patient voice.
At the core of these roles is a focus on real patient engagement, facilitating conversations 
that go beyond the superficial to uncover the foundational unmet needs. From patient 
panels to our online communities, we seek to gain deeper insight into all aspects of the 
patient journey. 
This is exemplified through the “All United for MG” Patient Coalition in EMEA and the  
Global argenx MG Advocacy Leadership Council (ALC), a diverse group of dedicated leaders 
in the MG Patient Community. The ALC has been active for four years and during this time, 
it has released data on the economic burden of MG. In 2023, the organization facilitated 
collaboration between leaders of Patient Advocacy Organizations (PAOs) and innovators 
working on MG. This collaboration led to critical insights that shaped our strategy for 2024.
These included:
 y Knowledge gaps: addressing gaps between patients and healthcare providers for 
improved collaboration and standardized care
 y Data emphasis: leveraging data and research for education within the MG community
 y Collaborative spirit: PAO leaders' eagerness to collaborate for the betterment of the 
MG community
 y Positive patient feedback: validation from patients on the impact of meeting sessions 
and content
This collaborative, data-driven approach reflects our dedication to patient-centricity and 
aligns with our ESG commitments, actively contributing to a stronger global MG community.
Patient Engagement & Advocacy | 
argenx ESG Report 202320

Page 21:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Access to Medicines
argenx exists to improve the lives of individuals with severe autoimmune diseases through 
breakthrough therapies — but even the most effective novel therapies are meaningless  
if patients lack access to them.
VYVGART for gMG is now approved in the U.S., Japan, the EU, UK, Israel, Mainland China  
and Canada, and VYVGART SC for gMG is now approved in the U.S., Europe, UK and Japan. 
Our 2024 efforts to improve patient access to VYVGART through the below milestones  
on geographic expansion, patient engagement and financial initiatives are included below.
 y Geographic expansion:
 ◦ Expecting a decision on approval of VYVGART for ITP in Japan in the first quarter 
of 2024
 ◦ sBLA for SC efgartigimod for CIDP accepted for priority review by the FDA with  
a PDUFA target action date of June 21, 2024
 ◦ Expecting a decisions on approval of VYVGART for gMG  
in multiple jurisdictions by the end of 2024
 ◦ Expecting a decision on approval of VYVGART SC  
for gMG in Mainland China by the end 
of 2024 (through Zai Lab)
 y Patient engagement:
 ◦ Expanding our U.S. field force to engage 
more health systems and help more 
patients with gMG access VYVGART 
 ◦ Continue growing My VYVGART Path,  
our patient support program offering 
personalized assistance from nurse case 
managers, including benefits verification, 
reimbursement, disease education,  
and resources for co-pays and other costs; 
the program also connects healthcare 
providers with dedicated case 
coordinators for assistance with 
insurance needs
 ◦ Maintaining or exceeding strong 
satisfaction ratings for My VYVGART Path, 
including these 2023 results from  
surveyed patients
 – 90% satisfaction with Nurse Case Managers
 – Over 85% satisfaction with the program overall
 – Nearly 80% willingness to recommend the program
Access to Medicines | 
argenx ESG Report 202321

Page 22:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
 y Financial support (in compliance with relevant laws and prevailing industry 
standards):
 ◦ Continuing with the support program for eligible patients with commercial health 
insurance in the U.S., which in 2023 has a 94% patient satisfaction rate
 ◦ Our internal patient assistance program provides support for uninsured patients  
in the U.S. who meet certain criteria. More than half of applications were granted,  
with over 45 patients currently enrolled 
 ◦ Contributing funding to independent 501(c)(3) charitable organizations for copay  
and premium assistance, consistent with industry best practices
Pre-Approval 
Access
Pre-approval access (PAA) is a term we use to describe access  
to investigational therapies that have not yet been approved  
by regulatory bodies. In certain cases, we may provide an 
investigational product outside of a clinical trial to a patient  
or group of patients through their treating physicians. Our PAA 
program governs patient access to our investigational medicines 
outside of clinical trial settings, for certain patients who are 
ineligible for trials and have exhausted other available treatment 
options. Our PAA program remains open in countries where 
VYVGART is not yet launched or reimbursed.
In 2023, we approved access to the PAA for over 330 gMG patients 
in 14 countries. Additional information on our PAA program 
 .
Access to Medicines | 
argenx ESG Report 202322

Page 23:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Quality & Safety
Quality
We focus on quality at every stage, from preclinical to commercial, to provide effective, 
innovative therapies to patients who need them. The argonauts on our quality teams  
are dedicated to embedding best practices across all functions and facets of our business. 
Members of the quality team are embedded in cross-functional teams, ensuring 
accountability to best-in-class standards in line with our value of excellence.
Our 2025 Quality Vision guides our forward looking approach to quality, pursuing  
a strong culture of quality: 
 y Robust, sustainable global quality management system bringing about high quality 
standards and consistency across all argenx sites, processes and operations 
 y enabling innovation at every corner of the business with quality part of its core 
 y dedication to bringing high quality, efficacious and safe products, fast to patients 
wherever they are in the world and 
 y continuing to foster and support the growth and learning mindset of the organization, 
through enhancements in our approach to learning at argenx
Quality 
Innovation
Quality 
Products
Fast
Learning
Organization
Quality
Culture
argenx 
Brand
Sustainable
Quality 
Management System
2025
Quality
VisionVision
Vision
Quality & Safety | 
argenx ESG Report 202323

Page 24:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Following our Quality Policy and Management Commitment, 
our senior management is deeply involved and accountable  
for the implementation and continual improvement  
of the quality management system. 
We demonstrate our commitment through:
 y Ensuring that the quality culture of the organization is 
clearly lived through the cultural pillars and that it is an 
integral part of the way we do business
 y Taking accountability for the effectiveness of the quality 
management system
 y Ensuring that the quality policy and quality objectives, 
established for the quality management system, are aligned 
with the strategic direction of the organization
 y Engaging, directing and supporting persons to contribute  
to the effectiveness of the quality management system
 y Ensuring that adequate qualified resources are available  
to support quality of our deliverables and activities
 y Ensuring the integration of the quality management system 
requirements into the organization’s business processes
81%
of CAPAs considered 
preventative
0
FDA safety notices
0
recalls
Building  
a Quality 
Culture
Our annual Quality in Action Day helps argonauts celebrate  
and share ways to embed quality into activities across functions 
and around the world. Through a combination of live and virtual 
programs throughout the day, our 2023 day included more 
than 350 argonauts sharing insights and examples of innovation 
with quality at its core. In addition to facilitating deeper 
connection with colleagues, these events foster learning and 
awareness of quality activities across the business, as well  
as celebrate and recognize the individuals and teams whose 
commitment to quality is exemplary.
Quality & Safety | 
argenx ESG Report 202324

Page 25:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Patient Safety
Nothing is more important than patient safety: our mission to transform the lives of 
patients with autoimmune disease means that we must move beyond harm prevention 
into pre-emptive measures to protect patient and public health. We strive to be proactive, 
risk-based and continuously adaptive to provide transparent communication and 
cooperation between all stakeholders. Ensuring quality by design regarding our global 
patient safety efforts is a scientific and strategic driver for the company and allows us to 
comply with legal requirements, prevent harm, promote safe and effective use, and most 
importantly, protect patient and public health.
Prioritizing patient safety extends to our broader network as well. For vendors, this begins 
during the earliest stages of the selection process and is codified in partnership agreements 
that dictate specific quality and technical processes.
Our internal standards as well as our adherence to Good Manufacturing and Good 
Pharmacovigilance practices bring clarity and structure to this philosophy. 
Our quality management system outlines clear risk management and thorough investigation 
practices, including corrective and preventative action (CAPA) procedures for any 
incidents within argenx or at any of our vendors.
Our internal programs emphasize the importance of co-creation:
 y Product Quality Councils that meet regularly to review metrics and objectives/safety 
processes and procedures
 y Ongoing collaboration between Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls (CMC)/Technical 
Operations team and a team of Product Quality professionals
 y Continuous improvement initiatives have commenced to optimize process performance, 
product quality monitoring and regulatory compliance. Examples include an initiative  
to introduce automation for our batch release process and an organizational learning 
transformation project with the introduction of a new learning management experience 
platform, set to roll out in late 2024
We use a risk-based approach to audit our vendors globally. In 2023, 100% of planned 
audits of our vendors involved in manufacturing, testing and distribution of all argenx 
products and product candidates were conducted.
Quality & Safety | 
argenx ESG Report 202325

Page 26:
Contents
PeopleAbout this 
Report Patients Governance Planet Appendix
People
argonauts are argenx.
United in our purpose and inspired by the patients we serve, 
we share a commitment to work collaboratively to deliver 
breakthrough therapies.
Together, we can achieve the impossible. But it takes more  
than the right people; it takes the right ways of working to push 
the boundaries of antibody research and ultimately change lives.
People and  
Leadership Development 27
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 30
Wellbeing and Benefits 33
Health and Safety 35
Community 36
Quality & Safety | 
argenx ESG Report 2023 26

Page 27:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
People and Leadership 
Development
Thanks to the dedication of our argonauts, what began as a research and development 
organization has grown into a fully integrated immunology company with a deep, broad 
portfolio of differentiated therapies and drug candidates. 
We know that continuing to fulfil our commitment to patients requires us to first fulfil our 
commitment to our teams, ensuring that we remain a best-in-class place for the brightest 
talent to work and grow their careers. Our future growth as a company depends  
on our ability to attract talent and provide opportunities for their growth as individuals.
How do we know it’s working? 
Our voluntary turnover rate of 5% and involuntary turnover rate of 2%, well below 
industry standards. Perhaps most importantly, we see the proof of talented innovators in 
our pipeline.
309
consultants
1,148
full-time employees
10
geographic regions
410
research &  
development employees 
Talent Attraction 
argenx takes a value- and team-based approach to talent acquisition. This means we not 
only prioritize the requisite knowledge and skills when hiring, but also seek alignment with 
our cultural pillars to strengthen the organization. In other words, we hire for attitude and 
train for skill. This commitment to building cohesive and values-driven teams is essential 
for fostering innovation and sustainability.
Recognizing the importance of diversity in our global teams, we actively seek the greatest 
talent from around the world. Our leaders’ continuous commitment helps us to attract  
the brightest minds with equally collaborative spirits, in every function from R&D to legal. 
All argonauts serve as ambassadors of our culture, which the best recruiting tool to rely on 
the broad network of our veteran teams. This approach helps to ensure that our workforce 
reflects the global nature of the biotech industry and brings diverse perspectives to drive 
our innovation forward.
People and Leadership Development | 
argenx ESG Report 202327

Page 28:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Employee Development & Retention
We know our mission is a large part why people choose to work at argenx; we also know that 
our mission alone will not keep top talent satisfied forever. We draw on our cultural pillars  
of innovation, co-creation, empowerment, excellence and humility to create an environment 
in which argonauts not only do their best — their best can become even better.
The scientific breakthroughs we pursue on behalf of patients do not happen quickly — it can 
take years of research to bring an effective therapy to market. As a result, we need argenx 
to be a place where people want to work for the long-term, and where they can continue  
to grow their skills and impact over time.
Throughout 2023, we deepened several initiatives to cultivate our team’s leadership  
skills while living up to our values. 
 y Essentials Leadership Development Program: We aim to help all rising leaders 
appreciate the full complexities of the biotech business and how we can continue  
to improve decision-making across the company. In 2023, eight cohorts of argonauts 
(four in the EU and four in the U.S.) participated in this program. Feedback from the 
approximately 70 participants was extremely positive, with several noting the practicality 
of the skills developed and that the program helped them feel secure in newly expanded 
roles. In 2024, we plan to continue refining the program and add two new additional 
cohorts in the EU and the U.S., as well as launch our first two cohorts in Japan.
 y Personal Development Plans (PDP): One of our core operating principles is that  
we develop our business by developing our people. It’s critical that argonauts share  
a continuous growth mindset in pursuit of innovation, which means we must attract 
people who want to take on new challenges. We take a strengths-based approach to 
PDPs that allows argonauts to flex and grow within their current roles, while opening 
doors to new roles with new experiences on their argenx journey.
Recruiting Early-Career Talent  
in Belgium
To attract early-career scientists to our discovery teams based in Belgium,  
we engage in several targeted initiatives. These include participation in the 
Interuniversity Job Market for Young Researchers, site visits and job shadowing 
projects with Belgian universities. Our R&D teams also actively contribute to  
the academic community by delivering lectures, presentations and workshops 
at Science Faculties across the country. 
Our involvement in the Workgroup for potential representation at the  
Nerdland-Festival 2024, Belgium's largest science festival, also emphasizes our 
commitment to nurturing the next generation of scientific talent. By embracing 
these strategies, we are building a sustainable and impactful future for argenx.
People and Leadership Development | 
argenx ESG Report 202328

Page 29:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
 y Communications Council: To live up to our promise of “one company, one purpose,” 
we bring together argonauts spanning teams, management levels and geographies  
on our Communications Council. This group embodies our spirit of co-creation and 
collaboration by reviewing company-wide internal communication as well as social 
media programs and provides a channel for candid feedback and conversation. 
 y Culture Labs: We also bring argonauts together for in-person and virtual Culture Lab 
sessions. In 2023, 295 argonauts took part in at least one of these sessions to deepen 
our collective understanding of our cultural pillars. In a testament to their value,  
88 of our colleagues participated in multiple sessions. Our goal is to continue scaling  
this program so that all new argonauts participate within their first 90 days with argenx, 
and to participate at least once annually thereafter.
Unify all colleagues around 
a consistent understanding 
and illustration of our 
Cultural Pillars 
Gather insights and data 
to better understand and 
continuously improve 
our experience
Provide argonauts an 
opportunity to connect in 
a new way and gain new, 
global perspectives and a 
better understanding of who 
we are as an organization
Activate all argonauts 
to live the pillars
arg-culture-lab-program
Leaders Emerging and Developing 
(LEAD) Program
LEAD is designed to help U.S. Commercial and Medical Affairs argonauts  
deepen their understanding and practice of successful leadership skills.  
Our inaugural 2023 cohort included 15 U.S. colleagues who attended three 
summits focused on leading self, leading others and leading the business.
People and Leadership Development | 
argenx ESG Report 202329

Page 30:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Scientific advancements happen faster when diverse teams bring their perspectives  
to problem-solving together. Diversity can mean different things based on function and 
region; our core values of empowerment and co-creation elevate diversity in every aspect  
of our work. Innovation and excellence also require that we recruit and retain the brightest 
minds in our business. 
Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) Policy  , as approved by our Board of Directors, 
articulates our commitment to fostering a culture where all argonauts feel able and 
encouraged to apply their skills to our shared mission. This includes our pursuit of gender 
balance in all regions and at all levels, including our leadership team and Board of Directors. 
Our DE&I policy does not stand alone; the approach is integrated into our recruitment  
and retention strategies, ensuring that we attract the most talented candidates for openings 
and that we provide appropriate career development initiatives to leverage that talent  
and promote balanced representation.
Taking Action T oward Workplace Inclusion 
Building a culture of inclusion starts in our first interactions with prospective argonauts. 
Our recruitment process is standardized across the business, focused on “What Counts 
Factors” that describe key attributes we seek in all candidates.
Co-creation Humility
We create through 
collaboration
We listen to patients 
and their communities
Excellence
We live by our reputation for 
data-driven decision-making
InnovationEmpowerment
We build our people based on strengths 
to benefit the broader team
We live to innovate and 
do so at every step
Core Values
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | 
argenx ESG Report 202330

Page 31:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
We offer bias-recognition training to all argonauts, and mandate participation for anyone 
participating in interview processes. We also embed group decision-making into our 
recruitment processes to help reduce individual bias and capture diverse perspectives.
Because onboarding sets the tone for our argonauts’ long-term 
success, our HR and respective people leader provides and 
implements a robust onboarding plan for each new argonaut. 
This program covers all regions and includes a core training 
program and a personal welcome session with our CEO shortly 
after joining. As from 2024, all new employees will also be 
invited to participate in a culture lab session within three 
months of joining.
Opportunities for promotion, training and career development 
are available to all argonauts and tailored based on clearly 
defined job-related criteria, considering each individual’s 
capabilities and goals. 
486
male employees
662
female employees
Potential
Result- 
Oriented
Coaching T echnical  
Mastery
Working Effectively  
T ogether
Planning & Priority 
Setting
Flexibility
Problem Analysis  
& Assessment
Leadership
Communication
Initiative  
& Creativity
What Counts Factors 
The What Counts Factors are key attributes sought in a candidate
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | 
argenx ESG Report 202331

Page 32:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
We also recognize that employee resource groups play an important role in our  
inclusive culture and provide leadership and development opportunities in parallel to the 
opportunities in argonauts’ daily work. Atalanta, our women’s employee resource group, 
welcomes all colleagues regardless of gender identity to join in dialogue on advancing 
women’s representation in leadership. 
For example, Atalanta members hosted a panel discussion and Q&A with Camilla Sylvest, 
Pam Klein and Ana Cespedes as members of our Board of Directors who discussed active 
mentoring and coaching in support of each individual’s professional development. 
Regional chapters in the EU, Japan and the U.S. each hosted events and interviews  
to address local members’ interests and needs.
Compensation and Pay Equity
At argenx, we believe in fair pay for all. Our base pay principles focus on being fair, inclusive 
and aligned globally. We assess our compensation against industry peers at least once 
each year and adjust to ensure it is competitive and fair in keeping with our commitment 
to attract and retain top talent of all backgrounds. In 2023, we disclosed a total average  
2.1% pay gap by gender, and we continue our efforts to decrease that gap to 0. 
Global alignment means that our compensation philosophy is consistent around the world, 
while also allowing flexibility to adapt to local practices that fit the markets where our 
employees live and work. Our base pay is part of our broader reward philosophy, including 
variable compensation, equity incentives, bonuses, benefits and recognition rewards.  
This all adds up to more than compensation: it’s about equality, diversity and recognizing 
each argonaut’s contributions to our shared mission. 
67% 
aged 30–50
7% 
under age 30
26% 
over age 50
Employee Age
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | 
argenx ESG Report 202332

Page 33:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Wellbeing and Benefits
We cannot solve challenges for patients without prioritizing the health and wellness of our 
team. Physical, mental and financial wellbeing are all integral to our organizational mindset 
at all levels and across all regions. 
In order to transform autoimmune therapy, argonauts must be able to focus completely 
while at work. We know this is made possible when we can support them in meeting  
their needs at home. This starts with competitive compensation to attract the best talent 
and includes a wide range of benefits and support to create a well-rounded environment  
in which argonauts can thrive.
A Broader Approach to Wellness
 y Virtual wellness support: Since 2022, argonauts have had access to Wellable, 
addressing physical, mental, and environmental wellbeing. It includes team challenges, 
activity tracking, nutrition, on-demand fitness classes, health coaching, and webinars
 y Caregiver support: Family benefits are tailored to local markets. For example, U.S. 
employees receive including access to tutor.com, which provides academic support  
for students of all ages (including in higher education)
 y Self-paced cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT): argonauts also have access to  
Mindlab, a digital self-service tool offering CBT techniques in Dutch, French and English 
to strengthen mental health
 y Employee Assistance Program (EAP): Our EAP is a free, confidential program 
available 24/7 to offer argonauts and their family members specialized support for  
a wide range of life’s demands, from nutrition and mental health to parenting and 
eldercare, as well as access to legal and financial advice
 y Localized approach: Additional benefits, like medical, pension, mobile phones and 
company cars, are made available at a regional level in line with local market practices. 
At our site in Belgium, employees can participate to an electric bike access program
Wellbeing and Benefits | 
argenx ESG Report 202333

Page 34:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Compensation and Financial Responsibility
 y Corporate bonuses: Bonuses tied to company-wide goals are fixed and equal for  
all employees, deepening our sense of co-creation and commitment to excellence. 
For 2023, these goals focused on: 
 ◦ Simplifying 10 high-impact cross-functional processes 
 ◦ Saving more than $100 million in negotiated spend to advance financial responsibility
 ◦ Increasing cybersecurity awareness and reducing the number of argonauts sharing 
login credentials 
 y Annual variable pay: All employees have an important component of their compensation 
directly tied to annual variable pay targets. These targets are linked to individual 
business and organizational goals specifically aligned to our corporate objectives. 
Variable pay targets are earned by achieving specific strategic goals (what) in a manner 
that supports and embeds our cultural values (how)
 y Equity grants: All employees and directors have the opportunity to participate in our 
company equity incentive plan, creating a shareholder mindset in which all argonauts 
are invested in the company’s future success
Wellbeing and Benefits | 
argenx ESG Report 202334

Page 35:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Health and Safety
A safe working environment enables innovation. At argenx, we reduce risk and keep 
employees safe through a combination of clear protocols and standards, rigorous training 
and measurable workplace safety goals.
 y 0 incidents goal: In 2023, for the fifth year in a row, we achieved our goal of 0 workplace 
accidents or injuries (Total Recordable Incident Rate)
 y Site-specific training: All employees undergo health and safety training as part of  
their onboarding process, regardless of region or function, including receipt of our argenx 
biosafety manual for lab scientists in Zwijnaarde
Within their first week and first month, lab-based staff receive mandated trainings on argenx 
standards for biosafety including working with chemicals and waste management. Training 
for office-based staff includes hazards, site access, fire safety and evacuation procedures.
Metric 2023 2022 2021
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) 0 – –
Days Aways, Restricted, or Transferred Rate (DART) 0 – –
Incidents causing permanent injury 0 0 0
Days lost to incidents causing permanent injury 0 0 0
Incidents causing temporary injury 0 0 0
Days lost to incidents causing temporary injury 0 0 0
Total days lost due to injury (LTIR) 0 0 0
Health and Safety | 
argenx ESG Report 202335

Page 36:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Community
Our focus on co-creation means that we bring a community mindset 
to everything we do and celebrate the power of cumulative impact. 
Throughout 2023 we continued to build on programs to support 
the communities where we live and work, by providing time, 
expertise and financial assistance to causes that matter most  
to our patients, neighbors and the next generation of Science, 
Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) innovators.
Just as we seek to provide tailored therapeutic options  
to meet patient needs, we aim to engage and support  
our local communities in ways that are most meaningful  
to those neighbors.
Making a Difference 
for Neighbors in Need
In Ghent, Belgium, local argonauts collected donations for  
VZW De Zonnebloem, a local charity that helps people fighting 
poverty, social exclusion and discrimination. 
Our Boston, Massachusetts team in the U.S. 
continues to support a number of local nonprofits, 
including the Boys and Girls Clubs of Boston 
Holiday Gift Program. The program reaches 
more than 1,000 local families with gifts 
during the holiday season, extending joy 
and cheer to neighbors who need it most. 
Our local team sponsored 15+ children, 
granting their wishes for holiday gifts.
We also kicked off our first Food Drive 
through Feeding America, the largest 
hunger relief organization in the U.S. with  
a nationwide network of food banks, food 
pantries and community-based organizations. 
By collecting canned food donations during  
the holiday season, our team supported several 
organizations in the greater Boston area where 
hunger is greatest.
Community | 
argenx ESG Report 202336

Page 37:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Supporting Community Health 
and Wellness
We made an initial EUR 50,000 donation to the Institute  
for Indian Mother and Child (IIMC) in West Bengal,  
India, to support its health program. IIMC trains local 
community health workers to conduct outreach 
and education in their villages, with a special 
emphasis on prenatal health and care for 
pregnant women. argenx is committed  
to supporting IIMC and their vital work. 
Our Boston-based argonauts also 
supported the Dana-Farber Cancer 
Institute’s Jimmy Fund by participating  
in the Jimmy Fund Scooper Bowl® for the 
third year in a row, helping to raise funds 
for cancer care and research. Over the 
years, at the U.S.'s largest all-you-can-eat 
ice cream festival has raised more than 
$7.3 million for the cause. 
We also support mission-driven organizations 
like the Foyer Handicap Foundation in Geneva, 
Switzerland, which supports, employs and houses 
individuals with physical disabilities. One of the 
Foundation’s initiatives is producing custom clothing.  
We contracted with them to produce branded items for  
our internal annual meeting and for a new hire welcome gift, 
knowing that their mission is to “make possible the complete 
integration within society of people with physical disabilities 
as a priority.”
Community | 
argenx ESG Report 202337

Page 38:
Contents
GovernanceAbout this 
Report Patients People Planet Appendix
Governance
In the rapidly evolving landscape of corporate responsibility, 
good intentions are not enough — they must be reinforced by 
thoughtful governance structures and mechanisms to ensure 
accountability, adaptability and alignment with our values  
and with the highest ESG standards.
ESG Governance  
and Oversight 39
Ethical Business Conduct 42
Taxation and  
Tax Transparency 44
Animal Welfare 45
Supply Chain Management 46
Data Security and Privacy 48
Community | 
argenx ESG Report 2023 38

Page 39:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
ESG Governance and Oversight
Our Board of Directors, our highest governance body, is a one-tier board under Dutch  
law. Our general counsel has primary responsibility for management oversight and helps  
to guide our ESG strategy and disclosure, in addition to coordinating with the Board  
of Directors on ESG workstreams.
Audit & 
Compliance Committee 
Remuneration & 
Nomination Committee 
Research & 
Development Committee
Commercialization 
Committee 
ESG Aspects of Audit 
and Compliance
ESG Aspects 
of Responsible 
Marketing, 
Patient Access and 
Incorporating ESG 
into the Supply Chain
Chief Operating Officer
General Operations 
Chief Scientific Officer/
Chief Medical Officer
Research and Development
Chief Financial Officer
Finance
Global Head Quality
Quality
Head of HR
Employees
General Counsel
Compliance
Global Head 
Technical Operations
Supply Chain Management 
and Chemistry, 
Manufacturing and Controls
Corporate Communications 
and IR
Investor Relations
Vice President 
Corporate Development
Business Development
ESG Aspects of 
Product Research 
and Development
ESG Aspects for 
HR and People 
Development
reports to
Board of Directors
Executive Management Team 
Committees
ESG Governance and Oversight | 
argenx ESG Report 202339

Page 40:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
The Board has primary responsibility for setting our ESG strategy. Within the Board of  
Directors, the Audit and Compliance Committee is charged with overseeing argenx's ESG 
disclosures, in coordination with other board committees as appropriate, taking into 
account their specific respective responsibilities. This process is formalized in the Board 
Rules and the respective committee’s Terms of Reference  . In this way, we engage  
the entire Board of Directors in ESG oversight with clear accountability instead of creating  
a standalone ESG committee in isolation.
The Board of Directors and its committees meet at least five times per year, including 
discussion of all major ESG initiatives. Executive management is responsible for day-to-day 
aspects of ESG, including dedicated ESG employees in quality, legal, compliance, HR, supply 
chain and investor relations who meet regularly in cross-functional core working groups. 
These dedicated ESG employees regularly interact with the Board of Directors and report 
on ESG efforts for review of the Board of Directors.
The Board committees are engaged deeply in their respective following areas  
of our ESG strategy: 
 y Remuneration and Nomination Committee
 ◦ talent and culture
 ◦ employee diversity, equity and inclusion
 ◦ employee engagement
 ◦ board composition
 y Audit and Compliance Committee
 ◦ integrity of non-financial reporting and ESG disclosures
 ◦ non-financial information processes and controls 
 ◦ code of business conduct and ethics compliance
 y Commercialization Committee
 ◦ access to medicine
 ◦ patient engagement
 ◦ supply chain
 ◦ product quality
 y Research and Development Committee 
 ◦ ethical research and patient safety
 ◦ clinical trial diversity
 ◦ animal welfare
ESG Governance and Oversight | 
argenx ESG Report 202340

Page 41:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Board Structure and Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code
We are subject to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and, to the extent we deviate from 
the best practice principles set out therein, we must explain the reasons for such deviations 
in our make public disclosures. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we complied with the 
best practice principles set out in the Dutch governance code, except for certain principles 
relating to our remuneration policy and practices. The reasons for these deviations are 
explained in detail in the Dutch Corporate Governance Code section of our 2023 annual  
report, and primarily relate to the fact that although we are a Dutch company, we are 
competing in the global talent market and consequently we must ensure our remuneration 
practices are globally competitive, including against U.S. based talent competitors.
Additional information on Board structure, committees, members and their backgrounds 
(including expertise, tenure, independence, nationality and cross-board memberships)  
is available in the Governance section   of our website.
Risk Management 
Our risk and control systems — as well as the risks we have identified as material to  
our business — are reported in detail in the Risk Appetite & Control   section of our  
2023 annual report.
6
nationalities represented
Separate
chair and CEO roles
89%
independence
61
average age
33  %
women
5
years average tenure
ESG Governance and Oversight | 
argenx ESG Report 202341

Page 42:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Ethical Business Conduct
The argenx way means that our commitment to ethical business goes beyond regulatory 
requirements; it’s a fundamental aspect of building and preserving stakeholder trust in 
service of meaningful innovation. Accordingly, the objective of the Ethics & Compliance 
program at argenx is to guide, promote and embed a strong ethics and compliance culture 
to ensure that the right patient receives the right medicine at the right time in the right way. 
Systematizing our ethical business guidelines creates clarity for all argonauts and the 
partners, collaborators, and vendors across our network, as we work toward our shared 
goal of improving patient care.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics   translates our core values of Innovation, 
Co-creation, Excellence, Humility and Empowerment into specific expectations for all 
argonauts to live by as co-owners of the company. The Code is a business enabler, guiding 
our ongoing work and behavior in the increasingly complex, competitive and highly regulated 
global marketplace as we continue to grow as an integrated global immunology company.
Senior leaders are expected and required to set visible examples of compliance with the 
Code, including prioritizing integrity in hiring and promotion, setting variable pay and guiding 
employee development. All argonauts receive annual training on Code expectations and 
are required to accept and commit to its contents as a condition of employment. 
The Audit and Compliance Committee of our Board of Directors supervises Code compliance, 
informed by quarterly reports from our Global Head of Ethics and Compliance including 
ethical risks, violations and corrective actions.
Interactions with Healthcare Professionals
The spirit of co-creation is one of our core values, and we regularly engage healthcare 
providers in our mission to provide better, more effective therapies for patients.  
As with many pharmaceutical companies, the services for which we contract with 
healthcare professionals include clinical investigations, advisory services and speaking 
engagements at argenx events. 
We recognize the potential for perceived or real conflicts of interest when we engage these 
healthcare professionals, who are also our customers. To avoid even the suggestion of a 
conflict, we conduct all such interactions with the utmost integrity, scrupulously adhering 
to government and industry body regulations and enforcing our own strict internal 
guidelines. We prohibit the exchange of gifts of other items of value to ensure that  
we avoid even the perception of improper influence.
Ethical Business Conduct | 
argenx ESG Report 202342

Page 43:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
There is a growing expectation from the public that interactions between pharmaceutical 
companies and healthcare professionals or organizations should also be transparent.  
We comply with all laws, regulations and industry codes requiring the disclosure  
of payments or other transfers of value to healthcare professionals or organizations.  
We also develop and maintain adequate systems and processes to ensure timely,  
accurate and complete disclosures. 
Our Global Anti-Bribery 
and Corruption Policy
We do not tolerate bribery or corrupt conduct, either in our direct business dealings  
or by a third party acting on our behalf. We do not offer, promise, or provide anything  
of value to improperly influence a business decision or for the purpose of obtaining  
or retaining business. 
We are aware that many bribery cases involve payments through third parties.  
Therefore, we will not permit a third party acting on our behalf to offer improper gifts, 
payments, or other rewards. 
Most countries have their own anti-bribery and anti-corruption legislation, and in many 
countries these laws, such as the UK Bribery Act and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, 
extend and apply beyond the country’s borders. Corrupt conduct committed in one country 
may therefore result in civil and criminal actions not only in that country, but also in 
another country. We are committed to ensuring all our business dealings, wherever they 
take place, remain free of corrupt practices.
99.4% of employees completed our Code of  
Business Conduct training and 99.4% completed 
our Anti-Bribery Policy training in 2023
Ethical Marketing and Promotions
Patients with severe autoimmune disease, as with any condition, deserve to make well-
informed individual treatment choices in consultation with their healthcare providers.  
This is only possible when information on treatment and therapies is clear and truthful.  
At argenx, we only promote our therapies for approved uses, and have strong internal 
procedures to ensure regulatory compliance and consistency with approved product 
labelling in each region where we operate.
In any promotional context, we require all argonauts and those in our wider argenx 
network to share balanced, honest information about our products in line with approved 
uses, including all relevant safety information. 
Ethical Business Conduct | 
argenx ESG Report 202343

Page 44:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Speak Up and COMPASS Helpline
We are committed to an environment where open and honest communication is the 
expectation. We want argonauts to feel comfortable in approaching their manager, Human 
Resources, Legal and/or Compliance or using the argenx COMPASS Helpline (hosted by a 
third-party hotline provider) in instances where they have questions, concerns, or believe 
violations of policies or standards have occurred. We encourage argonauts to always  
ask questions when they are unsure of the right course of action. In case argonauts prefer 
to raise their concerns anonymously, they can do so through the COMPASS Helpline.
Human Rights
We comply with international labor standards and applicable labor and employment  
laws in every region where we operate. 
This includes, but is not limited to:
 y prohibiting child exploitation and child labor
 y prohibiting forced, bonded or indentured labor and involuntary prison labor
 y prohibiting harsh or inhumane treatment, the threat thereof, or any form of modern 
slavery or human trafficking
 y upholding the right to freedom of association 
 y zero tolerance for workplace discrimination
We also choose to work with third parties who align with our values throughout our 
network and supply chain. We do not conduct business with any individual or organization 
that participates in activities we prohibit.
Taxation and Tax Transparency
At argenx, our Global Tax Policy   is part of our sustainable business strategy. 
Transparency, reliability and trust are fundamental to our success in the communities 
where we work and serve patients; this includes paying our fair share of taxes.  
These taxes include, but are not limited to, corporate income taxes, employment taxes, 
and other indirect and local taxes.
At the core of this strategy is the idea that tax follows business: from innovation to delivery 
to the patient, our legal entity structure is based on our business needs. As a result, 
transactions have business purpose and economic rationale in alignment with our values.
Taxation and Tax Transparency | 
argenx ESG Report 202344

Page 45:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Animal Welfare
Until new developments are available, the discovery, development and production of new 
medicines still requires some use of living animals to ensure quality, efficacy and safety. 
Our Animal Welfare Policy   provides guidance and key principles to safeguard the 
welfare of animals used in research conducted by argenx or used on our behalf. 
Central to our policy is a commitment to the 3R principles of animal welfare: replace  
(use alternative experiments in place of live animals whenever reasonably possible); reduce 
(use the minimum number of animals possible to obtain valid results and achieve research 
objectives); and refine (modify procedures to limit any discomfort and distress to animals).
Our commitment to the 3R principles includes:
 y Reduce: we have a strategy to minimize animal surplus, designing studies in a cross-
functional way that allows sharing of study goals or tissue where possible and involving 
biostatisticians to help us design studies that limit the number of animals used
 y Replace: where possible, we use in vitro or ex-vivo experiments to reduce the number 
of animal experiments needed
 y Refine: we keep abreast of innovation and development in animal welfare science and 
use our Animal Welfare Committee to ensure we apply learnings in the R&D community
Animal Welfare | 
argenx ESG Report 202345

Page 46:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Supply Chain Management
Our comprehensive approach to supply chain management underscores our commitment 
to a secure and reliable supply chain, aligning with industry standards and keeping patient 
safety at the center.
Collaborating with reputable third-party contract manufacturers ensures strict adherence 
to the FDA's current good manufacturing practices. Lonza, with facilities in Slough, UK, 
Portsmouth, the U.S., Singapore and Visp, Switzerland, plays a pivotal role in our supply 
chain. We engage Lonza in activities ranging from the development of cell banks to the 
manufacturing of drug substances, employing validated and scalable systems widely 
accepted in the industry. Additionally, in 2022, we extended our collaboration to Fujifilm  
in Hillerød, Denmark, specifically for the large-scale manufacturing of efgartigimod.
These strategic partnerships enable us to build a robust global network to support  
the development and commercialization of our products.
Our commitment to supply chain excellence extends beyond drug substance manufacturing. 
We collaborate with experienced commercial partners, incorporating redundancy and 
deploying differentiated technologies to enhance resilience. Every facet of our supply 
chain, from filling and labelling to packaging, storage, and distribution of investigational 
and commercial drug products, is meticulously designed to preserve 
product integrity.
Temperature control is a critical aspect of our logistics.  
All shipping solutions undergo rigorous qualification processes, 
considering seasonal variations. Thermal qualification, 
transport simulation and shipping route verification studies 
ensure products remain uncompromised during worldwide 
transit. We carefully select premium couriers to transport  
our products, providing an additional layer of assurance,  
and employ reusable shipping solutions wherever possible 
to reduce waste.
Participating in the Rx-360 International Pharmaceutical 
Supply Chain Consortium audit program further solidifies 
our commitment to industry standards. While we don't own 
production facilities, our manufacturing partners actively 
engage in this program. This dedication extends to our other 
top-tier suppliers across various outsourced operations. 
Our approach to product lifecycle management strikes a careful 
balance between sustainability and responsibility. We accept products for 
takeback, reuse, or disposal based on stringent criteria, with a focus on full traceability  
of temperature conditions and the absence of visual damage. This holistic strategy 
underscores our commitment to a secure and reliable supply chain, ensuring that  
patient safety remains paramount in every step of our operations.
Supply Chain Management | 
argenx ESG Report 202346

Page 47:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Product Traceability and  
Counterfeit Prevention
Product traceability is essential for patient safety, and as global supply chain  
management gets more complicated, we have robust processes to prevent counterfeiting.
In compliance with national legislation like the United States Drug Supply Chain Security 
Act and the European Union Falsified Medicines Directive, all commercial argenx products 
are coded with serial numbers at unit, case and pallet levels. Each sellable unit has its own 
unique random serial number product code along with its lot number and expiration date. 
These are printed in a readable format for human eyes, as well as encoded in a 2D data 
matrix barcode. Dedicated software generates and tracks these numbers. To prevent 
physical product tampering, tamper-evident seals are added during manufacturing,  
and transport vehicles are tagged with numbered seals as well. 
We require our contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs), 
which perform batch manufacturing, to maintain rigorous 
quality systems of their own. This includes compiling a  
full processing history and lot genealogy of consumed raw 
materials, along with documentation of all processing steps. 
An enterprise resource planning (ERP) system allows us to 
trace argenx drug substances, semi-finished drug products  
and finished products, whether they are at CMOs, third-party 
warehouses and logistics distributors, or in transit. We require 
our distributors and wholesalers to trace downstream product 
distribution to our end customers.
0 incidents of confirmed or suspected counterfeit activity were reported in 2023.  
Our Management of Suspected Falsified Medicines process outlines specific action steps  
to take in the event of any suspicious activity regarding falsified or counterfeit medicine.  
If a case is reported, the batch of medicine in question is immediately separated and 
quarantined pending an investigation. A clear process outlines how we will promptly notify 
impacted stakeholders throughout the supply chain, along with any relevant authorities  
or regulatory bodies if any incidents of counterfeit products were to be confirmed. 
0
incidents of confirmed 
or suspected counterfeit 
activity
Supply Chain Management | 
argenx ESG Report 202347

Page 48:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Data Security and Privacy
At argenx, we prioritize information and privacy protection for our patients, employees  
and stakeholders — from intellectual property to personal health information. Our robust 
information security program employs technical tools, well-defined processes and highly 
trained staff to prevent data breaches and safeguard company assets.
We adhere to the European General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR), as well as 
other federal, regional, state or national data protection, privacy and security laws and 
regulations applicable in the countries in which we conduct our business. We follow 
relevant privacy, cookie and retention policies and procedures.
Our Information Security Management System (ISMS) aligns with 
ISO 27001, incorporating GDPR and HIPAA standards. We conduct 
regular self-assessments to review the effectiveness of our privacy 
and security controls.
We conduct security and data protection impact assessments 
(CSIAs and DPIAs), to appropriately evaluate security and privacy 
risks and for the confidentiality, integrity and resilience of our 
information assets and our adherence to generally recognized 
data protection principles and security standards. When exchanging 
personal data or personally identifiable information with third parties, 
we include data protection and privacy-compliant language in  
our contracts, including executing data processing and data transfer 
agreements, and data transfer impact assessments, where relevant. 
Many of our partners and vendors are certified to ISO 27001 and all 
partners and vendors undergo security reviews and audits, including 
mandatory security questionnaires, privacy impact assessments,  
GDPR compliance checks and appointments of responsible individuals/
process owners. 
Our incident response and data breach procedures are designed for the timely detection, 
reporting, investigation of all security incidents, as well as the timely notification of any 
reportable breaches (including any material cybersecurity incidents and personal data 
breaches) to the competent authorities and the timely communication to the affected 
individuals, where relevant. We maintain records of breaches on our Quarterly Corporate 
Risk Dashboard and our Personal Data Breach Register. We also monitor and regularly 
report our security and data breach metrics to senior management, including the Audit  
and Compliance Committee of our Board, the Global Corporate Compliance Committee, 
and the Global Risk Management Committee.
Routine training on data security, privacy and phishing awareness is provided to all 
employees and contractors annually. Data security and privacy oversight is managed  
by our Data Protection Officer, who provides quarterly updates to senior management, 
including the Audit and Compliance Committee, the Global Corporate Compliance 
Committee, and the Global Risk Management Committee.
Data Security and Privacy | 
argenx ESG Report 202348

Page 49:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Our robust framework includes a comprehensive Incident Response Plan so that  
any employee who suspects a potential security breach may report and escalate their 
concerns efficiently. This plan guides employees through a step-by-step procedure  
in case of a security incident, with escalation based on severity.
In 2023, we identified and addressed only low-risk external personal data breaches,  
none of which involved argenx employees or information assets. Notably, in line with  
our internal procedures and applicable breach reporting requirements, none of the security 
incidents reported to us, internally and externally, required disclosure to the local competent 
data protection authorities or other competent authorities. Our commitment to privacy 
and security is underscored by continuous internal compliance reviews and regular 
self-assessments, identifying potential gaps and monitoring our privacy and reporting  
on program's performance. 
98.83% of argonauts globally and 100% of 
argonauts in Japan as well as 100% of our 
consultants completed the GDPR interactive 
training in 2023
Data Security and Privacy | 
argenx ESG Report 202349

Page 50:
Contents
PlanetAbout this 
Report Patients People Governance Appendix
Planet
As we center patient needs in everything we do, we recognize our 
responsibility to act as good stewards of the planet we all share. 
We are committed to measure and manage our impact on the 
environment, from improving energy efficiency and minimizing 
waste within our sites to reducing the use of hazardous materials 
in our operations. 
Environmental Impact 51
Greenhouse Gas Emissions  
(Scope 1, 2, and 3) 52
Data Security and Privacy | 
argenx ESG Report 2023 50

Page 51:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Environmental Impact
We're dedicated to sustainable practices within argenx and throughout our value chain.  
We start by examining our own sites as well as working closely with our main suppliers, 
making sure they follow environmental, health and safety guidelines that match  
our commitment to environmental stewardship.
Operations Efficiency in Office
 y Our Tokyo, Japan offices are LEED 
certified and received the Minato 
Model Carbon Dioxide Fixation 
Certification, and received the 
highest rating (S/excellent) from 
CASBEE, the Comprehensive 
Assessment System for Built 
Environment Efficiency in Japan
 y Our Boston, United States  
office has received the BOMA 360  
Performance Program designation. 
BOMA 360 is a globally recognized 
standard for operational best 
practices and is validated by GRESB 
Energy Consumption
Gas Consumption
Waste Waste
Type of Waste Volume
Hard plastic 530 kg
Glass 490 kg
Paper and 
cardboard 3,600 kg
PMD 580 kg
Residual waste 6,660 kg
Medical waste 3,420 kg
Waste water 630 kg
EPS waste 5 m3
Non 
halogenated 
solvents
2,480 kg
Type of Waste Volume
General waste 1,750 kg
Waste plastic 395 kg
Magazine/ 
leaflet 40 kg
Cardboard scrap 65 kg
Paper 150 kg
Waste total 2,400 kg
Zwijnaarde 814,362 kWh
Tokyo 39,177 kWh
Boston 87,108 kWh
Zwijnaarde 52,427 m3
Tokyo, JapanZwijnaarde, BelgiumLocation
Location
Progress Around the World
Environmental Impact | 
argenx ESG Report 202351

Page 52:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
(Scope 1, 2, and 3)
We calculated our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions for the first time in its entirety for 2023. 
We completed these calculations as a first iteration and on a voluntary basis for the general 
requirements of a GHG emissions calculation. Reporting on our GHG emissions will  
be mandatory as of January 1, 2024 under the CSRD for fiscal year 2024. 
The GHG footprint was calculated using the GHG Protocol as guidance for the 
methodological approach followed. Emission factors were sourced from publicly available 
databases including the French database: ADEME (Base Empreinte  ) and, where needed, 
the UK database: DEFRA 2023 emission factors  .
When necessary, reference was made to the IPCC Sixth Assessment report for the Global 
Warming Potential factors.
This GHG footprint covers the emissions of argenx SE and all of its subsidiaries for the 
timeframe 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.
argenx Spain S.L. was incorporated in October 2023. Emissions generated from this entity 
have therefore been accounted for where appropriate.
Since this is the first GHG footprint calculation for us, this calculation was completed  
using readily available actual data alongside industry-specific averages and assumptions, 
which is likely to be adapted in the future reporting years.
Explicit reference is made to the notes included in the below tables.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 1, 2, and 3) | 
argenx ESG Report 202352

Page 53:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Consolidated Emissions in tCO2e at argenx SE Level
Emissions in tCO2e Notes
Total GHG emissions (location based) 433,347
Total GHG emissions (market based) 433,353
Scope 1 378 • Fuel-related emissions based on HR insights and  
proxy calculations done using the employee number, 
where no data was available
• Assumed petrol use for company cars
• Gas-related emissions based on actual data and  
proxy calculations done using the number of desks, 
where no data was available
• Assumed negligible refrigerant use
Scope 2 (location based) 183 • Based on actual electricity consumption and  
proxy calculations done using the number of desks, 
where no data was available
• Location factors = generation/most recent 
• Market factors = residual/default to location
Scope 2 (market based) 189
Scope 3 Total1 432,786
Scope 3 Category 1:  
Purchased Goods and Services
378,956 • Detailed until €1 million (and others where possible) 
and thereafter split emissions factor (50:50) between 
Pharmaceutical products and Research and development
Scope 3 Category 2:  
Capital goods
28,054 • Based on actual fixed asset spend data for applicable 
entities, using the most appropriate emission factors 
available according to the item purchased
Scope 3 Category 3:  
Fuel related
97 • Based on data used for scope 1&2 calculations
Scope 3 Category 4&9:  
Upstream and Downstream Transportation 
and Distribution2
18,563 • Based on spend-related data only
• Breakdown per transport mode based on argenx’s insights
Scope 3 Category 5:  
Waste
90 • Based on EU waste trends assumptions and the number  
of employees
• It is noted that the estimate for Zwijnaarde might be 
inaccurate considering it has a laboratory and it is not 
differentiated from the office uses. This will be refined  
in future reporting years
Scope 3 Category 6:  
Business Travels
5,328 • Based on travel agent spend-related data and using the 
most conservative emission factor (associating all spend 
with air travel)
Scope 3 Category 7:  
Employee Commuting
538 • Based on HR insights and SDWorx research assumptions 
and using the most appropriate and conservative emissions 
factors to account for car, public transport or other travel 
mediums
Scope 3 Category 12:  
End of life treatment of sold product
29 • Based on revenue generated and cost of product
• Based on disposal methods per product sold  
(as calculated)
Scope 3 Category 15:  
Investments
1,130.98 • Based on % ownership and employee ratio
• Based on own emissions calculations (peer)
1) The scope 3 categories left off from this disclosure have been identified as immaterial or not significant to the overall  
GHG emissions associated with argenx SE. 
2) The GHG emissions associated with Transportation and Distribution could not be distinguished between upstream  
and downstream in this reporting year.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 1, 2, and 3) | 
argenx ESG Report 202353

Page 54:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
The overall GHG emissions intensity (total GHG emissions per $ net revenue, which covers 
net product sales and collaboration revenue) of the Group is noted as 0.0004 tCO2e/$, using 
the location-based total GHG emissions and 0.0004 tCO 2e/$, using the market-based total 
GHG emissions. We refer to footnote 15, Net Product Sales and footnote 16, Collaboration 
Revenue in the consolidated financial statements included in the 2023 annual report   
for details on the net product sales and collaboration revenue.
Detailed Breakdown of GHG Emissions per Legal Entity
in tCO2e
Total 
Emissions 
(location 
based)
Total 
Emissions 
(market 
based) Scope 1
Scope 2 
(location 
based)
Scope 2 
(market 
based)
Total group 433,347 433,353 378 183 189
argenx Benelux BV 5,290.65 5,290.65 1.60 0.30 0.30
argenx BV 303,953.24 303,952.64 310.39 118.82 118.22
argenx Canada Inc. 5,453.58 5,453.58 0.42 0.06 0.06
argenx Germany GmbH 7,283.73 7,286.34 15.22 4.54 7.15
argenx Italy S.r.l. 5,310.77 5,310.95 14.59 0.78 0.96
argenx Japan K.K. 8,667.61 8,667.61 0.00 21.70 21.70
argenx Netherlands Services B.V. 5,291.54 5,291.58 5.67 0.88 0.92
argenx France SAS 5,330.60 5,331.21 20.05 0.44 1.05
argenx SE 7,214.83 7,214.83 0.00 0.00 0.00
argenx Switzerland SA 5,831.74 5,831.74 6.33 0.25 0.25
argenx UK Ltd. 5,363.17 5,366.14 3.80 3.90 6.87
argenx US Inc. 68,355.30 68,355.30 0.00 30.90 30.90
argenx Spain S.L. 0.74 0.61 0.42 0.32 0.19
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 1, 2, and 3) | 
argenx ESG Report 202354

Page 55:
Contents
AppendixAbout this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet
Appendix
Performance Data 56
SASB Table 60
Reporting Practices 64
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 1, 2, and 3) | 
argenx ESG Report 2023 55

Page 56:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Performance Data
Introduction
Patients
Topic Accounting Metric Unit of 
Measure argenx Disclosure
Employees Number of employees globally Number 1,148
Innovation Amount globally invested in R&D  
in 2023
USD $859 million
Clinical Trials Active clinical trials Number 24
Clinical trial patients treated  
with our own pipeline candidates
Number 2900+
Innovation Pipeline candidates out-licensed  
to our partners
Number 4
Number of programs that have been 
tested in humans since our inception
Number 9
Topic Accounting Metric Unit of 
Measure argenx Disclosure
Access to Medicines Number of patients approved for PAA 
for their gMG patients
Number 330+ 
Percentage change in:  
(1) weighted average list price and 
(2) weighted average net price across 
product portfolio compared to 
previous reporting period
Percentage 
(%) 
(1) 2  
(2) 2
Percentage change in:  
(1) list price and  
(2) net price of product with largest 
increase compared to previous 
reporting period
Percentage 
(%) 
(1) 2 
(2) 2
Clinical Trials Active clinical trials Number 24
Number of inspections related 
to clinical trial management and 
pharmacovigilance that resulted in:  
(1) entity voluntary remediation or  
(2) regulatory or administrative actions 
taken against the entity
Number 0
Total amount of monetary losses  
as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with clinical trials  
in developing countries
Presentation 
currency
0
Innovation Amount globally invested in R&D  
in 2023
USD $859 million
Patient Engagement  
and Advocacy
Number of patient advocacy  
projects undertaken or organizations 
engaged with
Number More than 25 patient panels and 
listening sessions in 10 countries
Quality Number of recalls issued Number 0
Total units recalled Number 0
Performance Data | 
argenx ESG Report 202356

Page 57:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Patients – Continuation 
People
Topic Accounting Metric Unit of 
Measure argenx Disclosure
Quality Number of fatalities associated  
with products
Number 0
Total Amount of products accepted  
for take-back, reuse or disposal
Metric tonnes (t) 0.03122
Percentage of CAPAs considered 
preventative
Percentage (%) 81
Number of enforcement actions  
taken in response to violations of  
good manufacturing practices (GMP) 
or equivalent standards, by type
Number 0
Number of FDA safety notices Number 0
Percentage of audits completed on 
vendors involved in manufacturing, 
testing and distribution of argenx 
products and product candidates. 
Percentage (%) 100
Number of falsified or counterfit 
medicine incidents reported 
Number 0
Number of actions that led to  
raids, seizure, arrests, or filing  
of criminal charges related  
to counterfeit products
Number 0
Topic Accounting Metric Unit of 
Measure argenx Disclosure
Employees Number of full-time employees Number 1,148
Number of consultants Number 309
Number of Research and  
Development employees
Number 410
Number of geographic regions Number 10
Talent Attraction, 
Development  
& Retention
(1) Voluntary and  
(2) involuntary turnover rate for:  
(a) executives/senior managers,  
(b) mid-level managers,  
(c) professionals, and (d) all others
Percentage 
(%)
(1) Voluntary turnover rate: 5 
(2) Involuntary turnover rate: 2
Diversity, Equity, 
Inclusion
Number of male employees Number 486
Number of female employees Number 662
Percentage of employees more than 
50 years-old
Percentage 
(%)
26
Percentage of employees less than  
30 years-old
Percentage 
(%)
7
Percentage of employees between  
the ages of 30-50 years-old
Percentage 
(%)
67
Occupational Health  
& Safety
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) Injuries per 
100 employees
0
Days Away, Restrictred,  
or Transferred Rate (DART)
per 200,000 
employee hours 
worked
0
Performance Data | 
argenx ESG Report 202357

Page 58:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
People – Continuation 
Governance and Ethics
Topic Accounting Metric Unit of 
Measure argenx Disclosure
Occupational Health  
& Safety
Number of incidents causing 
permanent injury
Number 0
Number of days lost to incidents 
causing permanent injury
Number 0
Number of incidents causing 
temporary injury
Number 0
Number of days lost to incidents 
causing temporary injury
Number 0
Number of days losts due  
to injury (LTIR)
Number 0
Topic Accounting Metric Unit of 
Measure argenx Disclosure
Ethical Marketing Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with false marketing claims
USD 0
Business Ethics Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with corruption and bribery
USD 0
Supply Chain 
Management
Percentage of  
(1) entity’s facilities and participating 
in the Rx-360 International 
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain 
Consortium audit programme 
or equivalent third-party audit 
programmes for integrity of supply 
chain and ingredients  
(2) Percentage of Tier I suppliers’ 
facilities participating in the Rx-360 
International Pharmaceutical Supply 
Chain Consortium audit programme 
or equivalent third-party audit 
programmes for integrity of supply 
chain and ingredients
Percentage (%) argenx does not own production 
facilities. argenx partners with 
Lonza for its global manufacturing 
capabilities. Lonza participates in 
Rx-360. argenx has selected other 
top-tier suppliers across many of its 
outsourced operations, whether in 
preclinical, clinical or manufacturing 
and distribution operations, of which 
some are participating in Rx-360
Governance Average age of argenx board members Number 60
Governance Number 5
Percentage of women board members Percentage (%) 33
Number of nationalities represented Number 6
Percentage of independence Percentage (%) 89
Chair and CEO roles Separate
Business Ethics Percentage of employees that 
completed the Code of Business 
conduct and ethics training
Percentage (%) 99.4
Business Ethics Percentage of employees  
that completed the Anti-Bribery  
Policy training
Percentage (%) 99.4
Performance Data | 
argenx ESG Report 202358

Page 59:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Planet  
Topic Accounting Metric Unit of 
Measure argenx Disclosure
Environmental Impact Total GHG emissions (location based tCO2e 433,347
Environmental Impact Total GHG emissions (market based) tCO2e 433,353
Environmental Impact Scope 1 tCO2e 378
Environmental impact Scope 2 (Location based) tCO2e 183
Environmental Impact Scope 2 (Market based) tCO2e 189
Environmental Impact Scope 3 Total tCO2e 432,7861)
Environmental Impact Location based GHG  
emissions intensity
tCO2e/$ 0.0004
Environmental Impact Market based GHG emissions intensity tCO2e/$ 0.0004
Environmental Impact Tokyo office waste total kg 2,400
Environmental Impact Tokyo office general waste kg 1,750
Environmental Impact Tokyo office waste plastic kg 395
Environmental Impact Tokyo office magazine/leaflet kg 40
Environmental Impact Tokyo office cardboard scrap kg 65
Environmental Impact Tokyo office paper kg 150
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office hard plastic kg 530
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office glass kg 490
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office paper and cardboard kg 3,600
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office PMD kg 580
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office residual waste kg 6,660
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office medical waste kg 3,420
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office waste water kg 630
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office EPS waste m3 5
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office  
nonhalogenated solvents 
kg 2,480
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office energy consumption kWh 814,362
Environmental Impact Tokyo office energy consumption kWh 39,177
Environmental Impact Boston office energy consumption kWh 87,108
Environmental Impact Zwijnaarde office gas consumption m3 52,427
1) The scope 3 categories left off from this disclosure have been identified as immaterial or not significant to the overall  
GHG emissions associated with argenx SE.
All data measured regularly and YOY throughout the pillars will be captured here  
(data will be collected in excel worksheets).
Performance Data | 
argenx ESG Report 202359

Page 60:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
SASB Table
Topic Accounting Metric SASB Code argenx Disclosure
Number of Patients 
Treated
Number of patients treated. HC-BP-000.A 2900+ clinical trial patients treated 
with candidates from our pipeline 
Number of Drugs Number of drugs  
(1) in portfolio and  
(2) in research and development 
(Phases 1-3). 
HC-BP-000.B As of December 31, 2023:  
Number of drugs (1) in portfolio: 2 
Number of drugs (2) in research  
and development: 
Phase 1: 1 
Phase 2: 3 
Phase 3: 1 
IV efgartigimod and SC efgartigimod 
are considered as two separate drugs 
for the purpose of this SASB metric. 
For more information on each  
of the indications and the status  
of clinical trials, we refer to our  
2023 annual report
Safety of Clinical Trial 
Patients
Discussion, by region, of management 
process for ensuring quality and 
patientsafety during clinical trials.
HC-BP-210a.1 We ensured the continuous 
monitoring of the safety profile  
of our investigational products and 
ensured compliance with adverse 
event reporting to health authorities 
worldwide. We also ensured supply  
to patients on clinical trials and have 
had no supply disruption. In 2023, 
there were 24 active clinical trials
Number of inspections related 
to clinicaltrial management and 
pharmacovigilancethat resulted in:  
(1) entity voluntaryremediation or  
(2) regulatory oradministrative actions 
taken against theentity.
HC-BP-210a.2 0
Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with clinical trials in developing 
countries 1.
HC-BP-210a.3 0
Access to Medicine Description of actions and initiatives 
to promote access to health care 
products for priority diseases and  
in priority countries as defined  
by the Access to Medicine Index.
HC-BP-240a.1 argenx did not sustain any monetary 
losses in the reporting period as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with the conduct described. argenx 
discloses all material legal and 
regulatory proceedings in its 2023 
annual report
List of products on the WHO List  
of Prequalified Medicinal Products  
as part of its Prequalification  
of Medicines Programme (PQP).
HC-BP-240a.2 0
SASB Table | 
argenx ESG Report 202360

Page 61:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
SASB Table  
Continuation
Topic Accounting Metric SASB Code argenx Disclosure
Affordability and Pricing Percentage change in:  
(1) weighted average list price and  
(2) weighted average net price across 
product portfolio compared to previous 
reporting period.
HC-BP-240b.2 (1) 2 
(2) 2
Percentage change in:  
(1) list price and  
(2) net price of product with largest 
increase compared to previous 
reporting period.
HC-BP-240b.3 (1) 2 
(2) 2
Drug Safety Products listed in public medical 
product safety or adverse event  
alert databases.
HC-BP-250a.1 argenx maintains high ethical 
standards with regards to patient 
safety. To guide us through this  
there are processes in place on how  
to manage safety or adverse events
Utilizing these processes, argenx 
collects, assesses and reports  
adverse events and other safety 
information in compliance with all 
pharmacovigilance standards and 
regulatory requirements applicable  
to argenx. argenx regularly reviews the 
accumulated safety data from various 
sources according to established safety 
surveillance schedule to detect signals
Identified signals are further  
evaluated and recommended  
actions are taken based on the  
results of the signal evaluation
Number of fatalities associated  
with products.
HC-BP-250a.2 0
(1) Number of recalls issued,  
(2) total units recalled.
HC-BP-250a.3 0
Total amount of product accepted  
for takeback, reuse, or disposal. 
HC-BP-250a.4 0.03122 t 
Number of enforcement actions  
taken in response to violations of  
good manufacturing practices (GMP)  
or equivalent standards, by type 2.
HC-BP-250a.5 0
SASB Table | 
argenx ESG Report 202361

Page 62:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
SASB Table  
Continuation
Topic Accounting Metric SASB Code argenx Disclosure
Counterfeit Drugs Description of methods  
and technologies used to  
maintain traceability of products 
throughout the supply chain  
and prevent counterfeiting.
HC-BP-260a.1 To the extent this is required by 
national legislation (e.g. DSCSA in U.S. 
and FMD in EU), all commercial argenx 
products are serialized at unit, case 
and pallet (aggregated level). On each 
sellable unit a unique random serial 
number is printed as well as a product 
code, lot number and expiration date, 
both in human readable format and 
encoded in a 2D data matrix barcode. 
All products are tamper-evident sealed 
and shipping systems and trucks are 
sealed with numbered seals during 
transit to prevent product tampering. 
During batch manufacturing 
(outsourced to CMOs), all processing 
steps are documented to have a full 
processing history and lot genealogy 
of consumed raw materials, which 
is also maintained in the CMO’s 
quality system. An ERP system is 
used to provide full lot genealogy 
and traceability of intermediates and 
finished products owned by argenx, 
located at its CMOs, third party 
warehouses and 3PL. For downstream 
distribution, the entity can rely on the 
distributors and wholesaler’s systems 
to trace product to the end customer
Discussion of process for alerting 
customers and business partners to 
potential or known risks associated 
with counterfeit products.
HC-BP-260a.2 argenx has a procedure in place to 
ensure that all suspicions of falsified 
or counterfeit medicine are reported 
in a consistent manner. When a case 
is reported, the impacted batches 
will be separated and quarantined, 
an investigation will be performed 
and the impacted stakeholders in the 
supply chain will be informed, as well 
as the relevant competent authorities 
in case of confirmed counterfeit 
product. Market actions will be  
taken in consultation with the 
competent authority
Number of actions that led  
to raids, seizure, arrests, or  
filing of criminal charges related  
to counterfeit products.
HC-BP-260a.3 0
Ethical Marketing Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with false marketing claims.
HC-BP-270a.1 0
Description of code of ethics governing 
promotion of off-label use of products.
HC-BP-270a.2 Please refer to page 43  
of this report.
SASB Table | 
argenx ESG Report 202362

Page 63:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
SASB Table  
Continuation
Topic Accounting Metric SASB Code argenx Disclosure
Employee Recruitment, 
Development & 
Retention
Discussion of talent recruitment and 
retention efforts for scientists and 
research and development staff.
HC-BP-330a.1 Please refer to  
page 28 of this report.
(1) Voluntary and  
(2) involuntary turnover rate for:  
(a) executives/senior managers,  
(b) mid-level managers,  
(c) professionals, and (d) all others.
HC-BP-330a.2 (1) Voluntary turnover rate: 5 
(2) Involuntary turnover rate: 2
Supply Chain 
Management
Percentage of  
(1) entity’s facilities and  
(2) Tier I suppliers’ facilities 
participating in the Rx-360 
International Pharmaceutical Supply 
Chain Consortium audit programme 
or equivalent third-party audit 
programmes for integrity of supply 
chain and ingredients.
HC-BP-430a.1 argenx does not own production 
facilities. argenx partners with 
Lonza for its global manufacturing 
capabilities. Lonza participates in 
Rx-360. argenx has selected other 
top-tier suppliers across many of its 
outsourced operations, whether in 
preclinical, clinical or manufacturing 
and distribution operations, of which 
some are participating in Rx-360.
Business Ethics Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with corruption and bribery.
HC-BP-510a.1 0
Description of code of ethics  
governing interactions with health  
care professionals.
HC-BP-510a.2 We conduct all interactions with 
healthcare professionals with the 
utmost integrity, scrupulously 
adhering to government and industry 
body regulations, as well as enforcing 
our own strict internal guidelines.  
For more information, see pages 31-32 
of our Code of Business Conduct  
and Ethics   available on our website.
SASB Table | 
argenx ESG Report 202363

Page 64:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
Reporting Practices
About this Report 
Our Board of Directors reviewed and approved the ESG report, after discussing it with our 
senior executives. This report is up to date as of December 31, 2023, unless another date  
is specified for certain information, which may be the case if we have access to more recent 
information which we deem relevant to include. 
This is the third year that we have published an ESG report. The report uses the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards for the Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals 
industry as a framework of reference to report our metrics and initiatives. 
In case of any questions regarding the contents of this report, please contact our  
team via the contact information specified on our website. This report is compliant with 
existing regulations in the EU, aligning with the Non-Financial Reporting Directive (NFRD).  
A statement pertaining to disclosures according to NFRD is also included in our 2023  
annual report. We have calculated our European taxonomy eligibility, which we have 
concluded to be 0%. We refer to our annual report for additional information on the NFRD 
and European taxonomy eligibility. We are required to disclose according to CSRD in fiscal 
year 2024, reported in calendar year 2025.
Legal Information 
This ESG report is published by argenx SE, a company incorporated under the laws of  
the Netherlands, with its registered statutory seat in Breda, the Netherlands, and its office 
address at Laarderhoogtweg 25, 1101 EB Amsterdam, the Netherlands. argenx SE  
has its ordinary shares listed on the Euronext Brussels exchange and American Depository 
Receipts of ordinary shares in its capital are listed on the NASDAQ exchange. argenx SE 
holds 100% of the shares in argenx Benelux BV and argenx BV, both limited liability 
companies incorporated under the laws of Belgium with their office address at Industriepark 
Zwijnaarde 7, 9052 Zwijnaarde (Ghent), Belgium. argenx BV holds 100% of the shares  
in argenx US Inc., argenx Japan K.K., argenx Switzerland SA, argenx France SAS, argenx 
Germany GmbH, argenx Canada Inc., argenx UK Ltd., argenx Italy S.a.r.l., argenx 
Netherlands Services B.V., argenx Spain S.L. and argenx Australia Pty Ltd.
The activities of each of the aforementioned entities of the argenx group are consolidated 
in this ESG report, and references to “we,” “our,” “the company” or “argenx” should be read 
as references to the argenx group, unless otherwise indicated. 
We own various trademark registrations and applications, and unregistered trademarks, 
including VYVGART®, VYVGART HYTRULO™, VYVDURA®, ARGENX™, ABDEG™, NHANCE™,  
SIMPLE ANTIBODY™, ARGENXMEDHUB™ and our corporate logo. Solely for convenience,  
the trademarks and trade names in this ESG report may be referred to without the  
® and ™ symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their 
respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights 
thereto. We do not intend to use or display other companies’ trademarks and trade names 
to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us, any other companies.
Reporting Practices | 
argenx ESG Report 202364

Page 65:
About this 
Report Patients People Governance Planet Appendix
VYVGART (efgartigimod alfa) (VYVGART) has been approved in the U.S., Japan, the EU, the UK, 
Israel, Mainland China and Canada for the intravenous treatment of gMG. We have now 
commercialized VYVGART in the U.S., several countries in the EU, Japan, Mainland China 
(through our partner Zai Lab), Israel (through our partner Medison) and Canada. 
VYVGART SC (efgartigimod alfa + hyaluronidase qvfc) (VYVGART SC) has been approved in 
the U.S. as VYVGART HYTRULO™ (VYVGART HYTRULO) and in Japan as VYVDURA® 
(VYVDURA) for the treatment of gMG. VYVGART SC has also been approved in Europe and 
the UK for the treatment of gMG. We have now commercialized VYVGART SC in the U.S. (as 
VYVGART HYTRULO) and in Germany. Pricing and reimbursement discussions for VYVGART 
SC remain ongoing in multiple other countries, including in Europe and Japan (as 
VYVDURA). 
For both VYVGART and VYVGART SC, we are aiming for further approvals and we  
are working to expand commercialization in other jurisdictions.
Where not specified, references in this ESG report to VYVGART should be read as 
references to VYVGART and/or VYVGART SC (including VYVGART HYTRULO in relation  
to the U.S. and VYVDURA in relation to Japan) depending on the context.
No Assurance on the Contents of This Report 
Information made available in this report is reviewed carefully by us, including by our 
Board of Directors and our senior management team, to limit inaccuracies, misstatements 
or errors. Notwithstanding, in the event of any discrepancy between this ESG report and our 
consolidated financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2023, the information 
in our consolidated financial statements shall prevail. This ESG report has not been 
externally assured, nor has it been subject to any audit to ensure compliance with 
generally accepted accounting principles.
Forward-Looking Statements 
The contents of this ESG report may include statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 
“forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the  
use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms “believes,” “hopes,” “estimates,” 
“anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “will” or “should” and include statements we make 
concerning its global launch strategy; its expectation concerning treatment options, scale 
of potential patients and impact and effect on patients; estimates concerning the 
commercialization potential of VYVGART; expected approvals of VYVGART by regulatory 
authorities in new regions, in new formulations and/or for new indications; evaluation  
of efgartigimod in additional high-need conditions by 2025 and ambitions or expectations 
regarding the further build out of our non-financial disclosures in future years. A further 
list and description of these risks, uncertainties and other risks can be found in our  
2023 annual report and our U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings  
and reports, including in our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC,  
as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by us with the SEC. Given these uncertainties, 
the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements speak only to conditions existent as of the date of 
publication of this document. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise  
the information in this press release, including any forward-looking statements, except  
as may be required by law.
Reporting Practices | 
argenx ESG Report 202365

Page 66:
Contact us via our website 
argenx.com/contact-us
You can find the annual report 2023 online at 
reports.argenx.com/2023
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 X
 Facebook

