Page 2:
Table of contents
Supplementary information ESG reporting indicators 4
Environmental KPIs 4
Ethics KPIs 6
Health & Safety KPIs 6
People (HR) KPIs 7
Supply chain KPIs 8
Materiality assessment 2023 9
Task force Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 15
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 2

Page 3:
This document presents the supplementary Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) information to the 
ASM 2023 Annual Report. It is designed to augment and provide additional context to the content within the 
main report. For a thorough understanding of ASM's ESG performance and strategies in 2023, this supplement 
should be read in conjunction with the principal document.
ESG data included in the Annual Report
Details on data definitions, reporting boundaries, restatements of historic figures, and the 
extent of coverage for the ESG indicators we have disclosed. This section aims to offer 
clarity and context to our ESG reporting metrics, to allow for comparable performance 
information.
Materiality assessment of ASM in 2023
As a crucial element of our annual reporting cycle, ASM engages in extensive input 
gathering from important stakeholder groups. These activities are integral to refining our 
materiality assessment, allowing us to pinpoint and prioritize the ESG topics of greatest 
significance. This supplement elaborates on the methodology and findings of this vital 
process.
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
Guidelines
Our 2023 Annual Report aligns with the TCFD recommendations, reflecting our 
commitment to transparent reporting on climate-related financial information. This 
supplement of the Annual Report provides a more detailed account to the TCFD 
guidelines, underscoring our dedication to high standards of environmental governance 
and transparency.
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 3

Page 4:
Supplementary information ESG reporting indicators
This section of the ESG supplement provides insight into the definitions of key performance indicators (KPIs), and the scope and boundaries of the 
relevant ESG reporting indicators included in ASM's 2023 annual report. These KPIs are grouped into five different areas: Environment, Ethics, Health & 
Safety, People, and Supply chain.
Environmental KPIs
The environmental KPI set consists of the listed KPIs below:
Total electricity consumption
Total electricity consumption expressed in megawatt hours (MWh);
Renewable Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) purchased; and
MWh or units of renewable EACs purchased.
Percentage renewable electricity
Percentage of electricity consumed from renewable sources versus ASM’s total electricity 
consumption.
Scope 1 and 2 (market-based and location-based) greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emission KPIs
Scope 1 and 2 concern the absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in tonnes CO2e. 
Two calculation methods are applied: 
• Market-based GHG Scope 1 and 2 emissions are calculated by accounting for the 
global qualified EAC purchases against purchased electricity.
• Location-based GHG Scope 1 and 2 emissions are calculated by converting the input 
data (utility and consumption) to tonnes CO2e using local grid-emission factors.
Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions per revenue 
(emissions intensity)
Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions in tonnes CO2e per million EUR revenue.
Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions per R&D spend 
(emissions intensity)
Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions in tonnes CO2e per million € gross R&D spend.
Scope 3 emissions
Relevant GHG protocol Scope 3 categories that indicate indirect emissions from peripheral 
activities. GHG Scope 3 emissions are calculated by converting the relevant activity data 
(for example spend, distance) to tonnes CO2e using emission factors. For the calculation 
methods used per category, please refer to the below table:
# Scope 3 Category Calculation method
1 Purchased goods and services Spend-based and Average methods
2 Capital goods Spend-based
3 Fuel & energy related Fuel-based
4 Upstream Transportation & Distribution Fuel-based and Distance-based methods
5 Waste Waste type specific method
6 Business travel Fuel-based method and Distance-based method
7 Commuting / WFH Distance-based method
8 Leased facilities (upstream leased assets) N/A
9 Downstream Transportation & Distribution Fuel-based and Distance-based methods
10 Processing of sold products N/A
11 Use of sold products Process-based method
12 End-of-life treatment of sold products Waste type specific method
13 Downstream leased assets N/A
14 Franchises N/A
15 Investments Investment-specific method
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 4

Page 5:
Scope 3.11 use of sold products emissions are determined through the process-based 
method, which uses quantity-based data to evaluate the emissions associated with the 
use of our machines, such as the MWh of energy use over the machine’s lifetime. The use 
cases are determined through independent product tests and internal expert opinion. 
All the parameters used in our Scope 3.11 calculations are re-validated annually, to reflect 
the latest insights. The Scope 3 emissions data are always based on best currently 
available. As we plan to strengthen our model further with additional independently 
validated data, the figures presented in the Annual Report may be restated in the future.
Water Withdrawn Absolute
The total water acquired by ASM into our property boundaries in cubic meters (m3).
Water withdrawn from water-stressed regions
The percentage of water withdrawn from high or extremely high water-stressed regions as 
per the most recent information from the World Resource Institute (WRI) Aqueduct 
analysis. This metric is defined by WRI as the ratio of total water withdrawals to the 
available renewable surface and groundwater supplies.
Water intake per revenue (water intensity)
Water withdrawal figure, which is the same as the water intake figure, divided by net 
revenue to obtain a water intensity figure.
Water intake per R&D spend (water intensity)
Water withdrawal figure, which is the same as the water intake figure, divided by gross 
R&D spend to obtain a water intensity figure.
Significant chemical spills or releases to the environment
Releases directly to the environment that are unanticipated and meeting a material 
threshold for reporting per the jurisdiction of release. The reported figure is the number of 
incidents.
Non-Hazardous solid waste recycle
Tonnes of non-hazardous solid waste produced in our R&D and manufacturing sites that 
are recycled.
Non-Hazardous solid waste landfill
Tonnes of non-hazardous solid waste produced in our R&D and manufacturing sites that 
are sent to landfill.
Non-Hazardous reuse - ASM diversion
Tonnes of waste to landfill avoided by ASM through using reusable crates.
Landfill Diversion Rate (ASM Operations)
Calculation by adding the total tonnes of non-hazardous solid waste recycled and the total 
tonnes non-hazardous reuse from ASM diversion. This resulting figure is divided by total 
non-hazardous solid waste. This KPI is presented as a percentage. 
The total non-hazardous solid waste includes:
• non-hazardous solid waste recycled;
• total tonnes non-hazardous reuse - ASM diversion; and
• total tonnes non-hazardous solid waste landfill.
Landfill diversion (all product packaging reuse)
The sum of the KPI 'Non-Hazardous reuse - ASM diversion' and the tonnes of reused 
crates from customers. 
Percentage packaging reuse to customers
Percentage of packaging reuse that stems from customers. This metric is calculated by 
obtaining the total reuse crating weights (in tonnes) utilized for ASM tools shipped to 
customers for the reporting period. This figure is divided by the total crating weight (both 
reused and single-use crates for all ASM tools shipped to customers for the reporting 
period (tonnes)
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 5

Page 6:
For environmental KPIs, estimations are at times made for the last period of the reporting 
year to accommodate timely reporting. This estimation is based on assumptions stemming 
from historic results combined with known factors that could influence the usage. For 
environmental data stemming from smaller locations, such as sales offices which are 
shared, estimates are made if source data is not available. These represent a non-material 
portion of our total global operations.
Ethics KPIs
The ethics KPI set exists of KPIs listed below:
Ethics training
Percentage of the total number of employees, as of the end of the reporting year, which 
completed the required ethics trainings. The scope of this KPI concerns the internal active, 
new college graduates, expat employees, and ASM's managed contractors worldwide. 
Reported confidential concerns via SpeakUp!
Count of events reported via SpeakUp!, the globally available anonymous reporting 
channel to report ethical or whistleblower concerns. The scope of this KPI is ASM 
worldwide, including other stakeholders with a valid business interest (for example, 
suppliers, contractors, seconded personnel). 
Reported concerns from other channels
Count of all filed reports via channels other than SpeakUp!, which are registered as 
'reported concerns from other channels'. The scope of this KPI is ASM worldwide, 
including other stakeholders with a valid business interest (for example, suppliers, 
contractors, seconded personnel). 
Code of Business Conduct (COBC) confirmed cases of non-compliance
Count of COBC confirmed cases of non-compliance. The scope of this KPI concerns 
ASM worldwide, including other stakeholders with a valid business interest (for example, 
suppliers, contractors, seconded personnel). 
Health & Safety KPIs
The scope of the Health & Safety KPIs comprises all ASM employees as well as contracted 
workers who are under the direct supervision of ASM.
The health and safety KPI set exists of the KPIs listed below:
Number of recordable injuries
Total number of recordable injuries and illnesses. ASM uses the US OSHA definition of a 
recordable injury or illness:
• Any work-related fatality;
• Any work-related injury or illness that results in loss of consciousness, days away from 
work, restricted work, or transfer to another job;
• Any work-related injury or illness requiring medical treatment beyond first aid;
• Any work-related diagnosed case of cancer, chronic irreversible diseases, fractured or 
cracked bones or teeth, and punctured eardrums; and
• There are also special recording criteria for work-related cases involving: needlesticks 
and sharps injuries; medical removal; hearing loss; and tuberculosis. 
Recordable injury rate
Number of qualifying recordable injuries and illnesses as compared to the average number 
of 100 FTE during the year. ASM uses the US OSHA definition of a recordable injury or 
illness. Please refer to the number of recordable injuries KPI for more information on the 
OSHA definition. 
Total number of injuries and illnesses
Sum of the total number of recordable injuries and illnesses and total number of first-aid 
injuries and illnesses. ASM uses the US OSHA definition of a first-aid injury or illness, which 
is usually administered immediately after the injury occurs, often consisting of one-time, 
short-term treatment
• Using a non-prescription medication at non-prescription strength (for medications 
available in both prescription and non-prescription form, a recommendation by 
a physician or other licensed health-care professional to use a non-prescription 
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 6

Page 7:
medication at prescription strength is considered medical treatment for record-
keeping purposes);
• Administering tetanus immunizations (other immunizations, for example Hepatitis B 
vaccine or rabies vaccine, are considered medical treatment); cleaning, flushing or 
soaking wounds on the surface of the skin
• Using wound coverings, for example, bandages, Band-Aids™, gauze pads, or using 
butterfly bandages (other wound-closing devices, for example, sutures, staples, are 
considered medical treatment);
• Using hot or cold therapy;
• Using any non-rigid means of support, for example elastic bandages, wraps, non-rigid 
back belts, (devices with rigid stays or other systems designed to immobilize parts of 
the body are considered medical treatment for recordkeeping purposes);
• Using temporary immobilization devices while transporting an accident victim (for 
example, splints, slings, neck collars, or back boards). Drilling of a fingernail or toenail 
to relieve pressure, or draining fluid from a blister;
• Using eye patches;
• Removing foreign bodies from the eye using only irrigation or a cotton swab;
• Removing splinters or foreign material from areas other than the eye by irrigation, 
tweezers, cotton swabs or other simple means;
• Using finger guards;
• Using massages (physical therapy or chiropractic treatment are considered medical 
treatment for recordkeeping purposes); or
• Drinking fluids for relief of heat stress.
Injury rate
The injury-rate KPI is calculated as the total number of injuries and illnesses as compared 
to the average number of 100 FTE during the year. The total number of injuries is the sum 
of those meeting the US OSHA definition of recordable injury and first-aid injuries. Please 
refer to the number of injuries and illnesses KPI for more information on the US OSHA 
definition of injuries.
Lost-time injury rate (LTIR)
The LTIR is calculated as the total number of lost time recordable-injury cases as 
compared to the average number of 100 FTE. If an injury case has lost time, that 
automatically makes it recordable. ASM uses the US OSHA definition of a recordable injury 
or illness. Please refer to the number of recordable injuries KPI for more information on the 
OSHA definition. An injury qualifies as a lost-time case if it resulted in time away from 
work, excluding the day of the injury. 
Fatality rate
An employee death resulting from a work-related incident or exposure. The fatality rate 
KPI refers to the total number of fatal work injuries as compared to the total number of 100 
FTE, which is counted as the average across the year. 
People (HR) KPIs
The scope of the People KPIs concerns the internal active, new college graduates, and 
expat employees of ASM worldwide. 
The People (HR) KPIs are the following:
CEO pay ratio
CEO remuneration divided by the average remuneration of all employees, calculated by 
dividing the total personnel costs (wages, short-term incentives, salaries, and share-based 
payments) minus the CEO’s remuneration by the total number of employees (minus the CEO). 
Gender pay ratio
Pay ratio (average wages) of employees (in headcount) on the last day of the reporting 
period by gender (in percentages).
Gender diversity
Total number of employees (in headcount) on the last day of the reporting period by 
gender (in percentages).
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 7

Page 8:
Voluntary attrition rate
Number of people who have left the company voluntarily in the reporting year divided by 
the number of employees at the end of the reporting year (in percentages).
Total attrition rate
Number of employees who have left the company involuntarily and voluntarily in the 
reporting year divided by the number of employees at the end of the reporting year (in 
percentages).
Employee age bracket statistics
Percentage of employees by age group on the last day of the reporting period. 
Percentages of headcount by age in the following groups:
• Under 30 years old;
• 30-50 years old; and
• Over 50 years old
Employee engagement scores
Engagement scores from the ASM employee engagement global survey:
• Survey participation 
• Average scores of 12 standardized categories to determine engagement
Supply chain KPIs
The supply-chain KPI set covers the following:
RBA Code of Conduct acknowledgement 
Percentage of critical and/or strategic suppliers as determined by the ASM supply chain 
organization for the reporting year, which have acknowledged their commitment to the 
Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct, or whose code of conduct is 
assessed to be acceptable as it covers similar principles as the RBA Code of Conduct. For 
the RBA Code of Conduct Acknowledgement KPI, the boundary concerns all critical and/or 
strategic suppliers of ASM. 
RBA Code of Conduct SAQ 
Percentage of critical and/or strategic RBA scorecard suppliers who completed a required 
supplier RBA self-assessment questionnaire (SAQ) and received a low- or medium-risk 
assessment result. The boundary of RBA Code of Conduct SAQ covers all critical and/or 
strategic suppliers of ASM that receive a performance scorecard.
Conflict minerals CMRT (Conflict minerals reporting template) 
Percentage of critical and/or strategic suppliers that have submitted compliant CMRT 
responses to ASM each year. The CMRT survey cycle is a lagging reporting process and is 
based on the prior year sourcing activities, due to the data only becoming available by 
May each year. The boundary of the conflict minerals CMRT KPI consists of all critical and/
or strategic suppliers from the prior calendar year.
Restatements of historic figures
The 2021 and 2022 figures of the following KPIs were restated: 1) Energy 2) Scope 1 + 2 
GHG emissions 3) Water 4) Waste. The scope of these KPIs changed from previously five 
manufacturing and R&D hubs to encompass all operations, including (sales) offices, as well 
as acquisitions (including their historic data). No other KPIs were restated in 2023. 
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 8

Page 9:
Materiality assessment 2023
In 2023, ASM performed the annual update of its materiality assessment to reevaluate its ESG priorities. This is described in chapter 6 
of the Annual Report. This year, a two-dimensional lens was applied through which ESG matters are evaluated in terms of relevance to 
the company and the company’s relevance to the world. Through 'Impact Materiality', ASM’s impact on people and the environment 
was considered, while 'Financial Materiality' explored how ASM’s business is financially affected by ESG issues. 
For our materiality assessment in 2023, we followed the steps below to come to our list of 
material topics to disclose:
• Analysis of the operating environment, value chain, and business context;
• Identification of long-list topics;
• Prioritization and validation of topics into a shortlist of topics; and
• Verification with ASM’s board of directors
Analysis of the operating environment and business context
ASM’s materiality assessment began with the preparation of an analysis of ASM’s 
operating environment and business context. An overview of ASM’s business, activities, 
value chain and stakeholders was prepared as context for determining the material topics, 
and the impacts, risks and opportunities. All of ASM’s operations were considered in this. 
Also refer to ASM’s value-creation model for a visual overview of ASM’s operating 
environment. ASM’s value chain consists of, among others, upstream suppliers, for 
example, mining companies, smelters, component producers, contract manufacturers, 
utilities providers, legal and consulting agencies, logistics companies, waste contractors 
and downstream customers (semiconductor manufacturers). ASM’s stakeholders consist 
of, among others, customers, employees, industry consortia, investor communities, 
suppliers, communities, NGOs, nature and government and regulators. For more on our 
interactions with these stakeholders, see chapter 19 of the Annual Report. 
Identification of long-list topics
ASM’s ESG priorities were defined and identified through stakeholder priorities and peer- 
and industry research. An extensive list of ESG topics was drafted based on several 
internal and external sources including the upcoming Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive, ESG benchmarks, peer and industry sources, as well as ASM’s enterprise-risk 
management input.
Prioritization and validation of topics (preparing short-list)
The process of moving from an extensive list of topics to the short-list was informed by 
external stakeholder priorities and engagement as well as internal expert validation. For 
each stakeholder group, a specific engagement method (for example, desk research, 
surveys, and interviews) was chosen to best capture the nature of the relationship and to 
obtain the most relevant information. Impacts, risks, and opportunities were identified for 
each topic, and validated and scored during workshops with internal experts as part of the 
prioritization process. Both the impact materiality and financial materiality lens were 
applied in this validation process, as well as an analysis of the related time-horizons. Under 
impact materiality, the environmental and/or social effect of ASM’s contribution to the 
topics was evaluated, considering the scale, scope, irremediability and likelihood of the 
impacts. Under financial materiality, the financial effect of risks and opportunities related 
to the topics was evaluated, considering magnitude and likelihood of the risks and 
opportunities. The scales applied for financial materiality were in line with ASM’s Enterprise 
Risk Management approach. ASM’s value chain was considered in the analysis of the 
impacts, risks and opportunities. The combined input led to the final list short-list of 
material topics, as shown in this section of the Annual Report.
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 9

Page 10:
Verification with board of directors
Finally, the short-list of material topics has been approved by ASM’s Management Board 
and Executive Committee and has been validated by ASM’s Sustainability Leadership 
Council and the Supervisory Board consecutively. 
Results 2023
Following the process, the material topics are depicted in the table below. These topics 
form the ESG priorities of ASM and are disclosed on in more detail in ASM’s annual report. 
The definitions, impacts, risks, and opportunities for these topics are provided in the 
overview below. 
The description of the impacts, risks and opportunities are reflective of their effect on ASM 
(on ASM’s operations and people, for example). The strategy, actions, initiatives, metrics, 
and progress regarding each topic are described in the associated relevant sections of the 
Annual Report 2023. Refer to the overview for the associated sections of the Annual 
Report for each material topic. Where applicable, the extent to which policies, actions, 
targets, and metrics are inclusive of the value chain, is described in the relevant sections 
of the annual report. Also see the section 'Supplementary information ESG reporting 
indicators' in this ESG supplement for the methodology and scope of relevant ESG KPIs, 
that have been provided with limited assurance by KPMG. 
To ensure alignment with the Enterprise Risk Management approach, ASM’s head of risk 
management participated in the materiality assessment. Examples of this alignment are 
the overlap between most material topics and the Top 20 risks, as well as the application 
of the Enterprise Risk Management scales in determining financial materiality. For more 
information, including a more detailed analysis of climate risk and our ability to attract 
talent, see section '13.2 Risk management' in the main body of the Annual Report. 
Note that as of Annual Report 2023, the focus of the disclosures is on the identified 
material ESG priorities for ASM. Topics that were previously disclosed but not identified as 
material through the materiality assessment in 2023, may have been disclosed to a lesser 
extent in ASM’s Annual Report. In similar vein, other ESG topics could become more 
important over time to report on in future disclosures. 
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 10

Page 11:
Climate change 
adaptation 
(disclosed in 
section 11.1)
The process of adjustment to actual and expected 
climate change and its impacts.
N/A Extreme weather events (for example floods, storms, heatwaves) 
could impact ASM's operations through physical damage to utilities 
and ASM's facilities.
Climate change 
(mitigation) 
(disclosed in 
section 11.1)
Measures to reduce the contribution to climate change. 
Climate change relates to changing weather patterns 
that become more extreme or volatile, driven by 
increased GHG emissions and rising global average 
temperatures.
ASM could contribute to climate change (resulting in 
harm to the environment and the living environment of 
people) by emitting greenhouse gas emissions 
through its operations and its value chain.
ASM could fail to meet its net zero targets in time if ASM continues 
to use non-renewable energy. This in turn could potentially lead to  
1) ASM becoming a lagger in the climate transition.
2) ASM technology and IP becoming less preferred as alternatives 
with lower impact become available.
3) Noncompliance to future environmental laws and regulations that 
mandate decarbonization
Energy availability 
(disclosed in 
section 11.1)
The availability of grid capacity and energy for 
consumption (both from renewable and non-renewable 
sources).
Renewable energy availability by using the additional 
renewable energy capacity itself.
Access to energy for ASM's operations could become limited or 
restricted due to energy scarcity.
Equal pay at ASM 
(disclosed in 
section 10.1)
Non-discriminatory wages for employees performing 
work of equal value.
If ASM facilitates equal pay, this could create a fair 
and level playing field for individuals, thereby 
positively influencing the prospects of gender groups 
and general workers morale.
ASM could fail to provide its employees with equal pay for equal 
work (for example gender indifferent), thereby impacting workers’ 
rights.
Diversity & gender 
equality at ASM 
(disclosed in 
section 10.1)
Representation and equal treatment of underrepresented 
groups in own workforce.
If ASM promotes and supports a diverse workforce 
(incl. gender equality), this could make ASM's working 
environment and culture more open to people from 
various backgrounds, thereby positively influencing 
employee morale and sense of connectedness to 
ASM.
ASM could fail to promote and establish a diverse workforce (incl. 
gender equality), thereby potentially missing out on opportunities to 
attract top talent and improve customer orientation and decision 
making.
Health & safety 
(disclosed in 
section 10.3)
The physical and mental well-being of employees as well 
as their personal security at work.
If ASM does not facilitate a healthy and safe work 
environment for its workforce, accidents and harm to 
personal health could occur, potentially leading to 
long-term unemployability, low employee morale and 
violation of workers’ rights.
ASM could fail to provide its employees with a healthy and safe 
working environment, thereby potentially impacting workers’ rights 
and exposing employees to dangerous situations.
Living wage at 
ASM (disclosed in 
section 21.1)
A wage that provides for the satisfaction of the needs of 
the worker and his / her family in light of national 
economic and social conditions.
If ASM provides employees with a living wage, this 
enables employees to provide a decent living for 
themselves and their families (living wage) and 
increases the quality of life.
ASM could fail to provide its employees with a living wage, 
potentially leading to financially constrained employees, which in turn 
could impact the company being the employer of choice for talent.
Training and skills 
development at 
ASM (disclosed in 
section 10.2)
Initiatives aimed at the maintenance and/or improvement 
of skills and knowledge of employees.
If ASM invests in training and skills development of the 
own workforce and fosters skilled and trained staff, 
this positively impacts long-term employability and 
employee morale.
If ASM provides its employees with appropriate training and skills 
development, this could lead to highly skilled, motivated, and 
dedicated employees.
Working hours at 
ASM (disclosed in 
section 21.1)
The amount of time spent by employees performing 
labor in service of its employer.
If ASM exceeds working-time agreements, workers 
could experience stress or burnout symptoms which 
could potentially compromise the health and well-
being of the own workforce.
ASM could fail to establish and monitor acceptable working hours for 
its employees, thereby potentially violating workers’ rights.
Involuntary labor 
at suppliers 
(disclosed in 
sections 12.4 and 
21.2)
All work or service at suppliers which is demanded from 
any person under the threat of penalty and for which the 
person has not offered himself or herself voluntarily.
If ASM does not condemn involuntary labor in the 
supply chain, supplier workers could be working 
against their will, potentially causing an unsafe 
working environment and the health, well-being, and 
worker rights could be compromised.
Involuntary labor (including child labor) could occur in ASM's supply 
chain, potentially causing an unsafe working environment for workers 
and leaving the well-being and rights of workers compromised.
Topic Definition Impacts Risks and opportunities
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 11

Page 12:
Health & safety at 
suppliers 
(disclosed in 
section 12.4)
The physical and mental well-being of employees at 
suppliers as well as their personal security at work.
If ASM does not stimulate a healthy and safe work 
environment for suppliers, accidents and harm to 
personal health could occur, potentially leading to for 
example long-term unemployability, low workers 
morale and violation of workers’ rights.
Workers within ASM's supply chain could be exposed to an unhealthy 
and unsafe working environment, thereby potentially being violated 
in their workers’ rights and exposed to dangerous situations, while 
product quality can be affected.
Working hours at 
suppliers 
(disclosed in 
section 21.2)
The amount of time spent by supplier employees 
performing labor in service of their employer.
The semiconductor industry deals with cyclicality. 
These changes in supply and demand could cause 
pressure on the working time of suppliers (incl. further 
down the chain, for example, 3TG suppliers). Overtime 
could result in workers experiencing stress or burnout 
symptoms which could potentially compromise the 
health and well-being.
Workers within ASM's supply chain could be subject to having to 
work unacceptable working hours, potentially causing a violation of 
their workers’ rights and/or affecting product quality.
(Anti-)bribery and 
corruption 
(disclosed in 
section 13.5)
Exposure to 1) dishonest persuasion of someone to act in 
one’s favor by giving them a gift of money, and 2) abuse 
of power for private gain, which can be initiated by 
individuals or organizations (for example, fraud, 
extortion, collusion, and money laundering).
If ASM engages in bribery and corruption, ASM could 
potentially discredit individuals or organizations (for 
example, financially, legally, or socio-economically).
If ASM engages in bribery and corruption, this could cause conflicts 
of interests and non-compliance, impacting its license to operate.
Corporate culture 
(disclosed in 
section 10.1)
Corporate culture expresses goals through values and 
beliefs. It guides organizational activities through shared 
assumptions and group norms such as values or a code 
of conduct.
If ASM's corporate culture stimulates desired 
corporate behavior, this could result in respectful and 
diligent behavior to people and the environment 
(thereby preventing for example unwanted financial, 
legal, socio-economic or environmental consequences 
for the involved parties).
ASM's corporate culture could allow or sustain undesired corporate 
behavior, resulting in unsatisfied and unmotivated personnel.
Topic Definition Impacts Risks and opportunities
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 12

Page 13:
Additional information on several material topics
Topic Definition Impact risks Financial risks Metrics and targets
Climate change 
mitigation (disclosed 
in section 11.1)
Measures to reduce the 
contribution to climate change. 
Climate change relates to 
changing weather patterns which 
become more extreme or volatile 
through increased greenhouse 
gas emissions and rising global 
average temperatures.
Negative: ASM could contribute to climate change (resulting 
in harm to the environment itself and the living environment 
of people) by emitting greenhouse gas emissions through 
its operations and its value chain.
1) Lower turnover due to reputational risk
2) Stranded IP and assets
3) Legal costs or fines
4) Increased cost of capital
Metric: Scope 1,2 and 3 GHG emissions.
Targets: Net zero-emissions across all 
scopes by 2035
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions: -50.4% by 
2032, and - 90% by 2035
Scope 3 GHG emissions: -58.2% per EUR 
of value added (gross profit) by 2032, 
-97% by 2035**1
Training and skills 
development 
(disclosed in section 
10.2)
Initiatives aimed at the 
maintenance and/or improvement 
of skills and knowledge of 
employees.
Positive: If ASM invests in training and skills development of 
its own workforce, and fosters skilled and trained staff, this 
positively impacts long-term employability and employee 
morale.
1) Lower employee costs 
2) Top-line growth due to higher 
efficiency and productivity of skilled and 
motivated personnel
Metrics: Technical training hours of ASM 
employees
Percentage of employees with 
performance management completion
Societal impacts
In this paragraph, more information is provided on the societal impacts by monetizing 
externalities on two material topics for ASM. A summary overview, including an elaboration 
on the financial risks, is provided in the table above and additional information per topic is 
provided below.
Climate-change mitigation
ASM could negatively contribute to climate change through GHG emissions in its own 
operations, which is referred to as Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Emissions in its value chain 
could also occur, which is referred to as Scope 3 emissions. The latter category occurs, for 
example, at suppliers that provide inputs for ASM’s products as well as at customers, who 
emit GHG emissions by using our products. 
Climate change not only harms the environment itself but could also negatively impact the 
living environment of individuals and society. The United States Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA) has developed a metric to calculate the societal cost of carbon (SC-CO2). 
The SC-CO2 metric is the yearly monetary value of the net harm to society that occurs 
through the emission of tonnes of CO2 emissions into the atmosphere. The SC-CO2 
considers the value of both negative and positive future climate change impacts. This 
comprises changes in net agricultural productivity, human health effects, property damage 
from increased flood risk, changes in the frequency and severity of natural disasters, 
disruption of energy systems, risk of conflict, environmental migration, and the value of 
ecosystem services. For 2023, the SC-CO2 was set at $204 per tonne CO2 
(EPA, November 2023).
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 13
1  Allowing for emissions neutralization of remaining emissions above the long-term targets to achieve net zero through high-confidence carbon-removal mechanisms.

Page 14:
ASM emits CO2e emissions as part of its own operations. CO2e emissions refers to CO2 
equivalent emissions which considers the global warming potential of other relevant 
greenhouse gases as well. To calculate the externalities of these CO2e emissions, ASM 
applied the SC-CO2 metric to its total scope 1 and 2 market based CO2e emissions, leading 
to a societal cost of € 1,611,000 EUR2 in 2023.
Training and skills development
ASM can generate positive impact by providing training and investing in skills development 
of its employees. While this could directly impact the quality and efficiency of ASM’s own 
operations by the improved performance of the employee, it also has a potential ripple 
effect into other areas. ASM colleagues, value-chain partners, and personal acquaintances 
of the employee can benefit from a spill-over effect through the newly acquired skills and 
knowledge. This can benefit both the individuals as well as the respective employers. 
Additionally, for the employee in question, it could their enhance marketability and a future 
wage, which in turn can create a better livelihood and more opportunities for the employee 
and their family. This translates into the creation of societal value. The compounding 
effects of investing in training and skills development can eventually impact broader 
society, which is described by Venniker (2000) in the study on societal effects of 
corporate training. Here, a multiplier is used to our investment in corporate training, 
resulting in ASM’s societal value creation of € 1,806,000 EUR in 2023.
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 14
2  A currency converter has been applied using the average exchange rate from Dollar to Euro of January 1st, 2023, and December 31st, 2023. US-Dollar to Euro Conversion | USD to EUR Exchange Rate 
Calculator | Markets Insider (businessinsider.com)

Page 15:
Task force Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
This is our third disclosure aligning with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), reflecting progress made 
across the company in 2023. This summary includes how ASM improved its risk and opportunity assessment related to climate change 
in 2023. It is structured across the four TCFD recommendations: governance, strategy, risk management, metrics, and targets.
Governance
Board-level oversight
The Management Board (MB) has final responsibility and approval of our sustainability/ 
ESG and environmental strategy, including climate-related matters and disclosures. The 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) is the current Management Board (MB) member responsible 
for climate-related issues.
Board-level committees with climate-related responsibilities include the Audit Committee, 
which is responsible for overseeing public sustainability disclosures. The Audit Committee 
charter oversees the company's sustainability reporting and manages how ESG 
commitments impact the company’s financial statements. 
The company strategy is reviewed by the MB during regular business review meetings, at 
which sustainability matters are regularly scheduled. The Vice President of Sustainability 
chairs the Sustainability Leadership Council (SLC) and regularly updates the SLC’s 
activities to the MB. In addition, the sustainability department prepares quarterly reports 
on ESG-relevant KPIs and shares these with the MB. Subsequently, progress/updates on 
the company’s strategic objective of ‘Accelerate Sustainability’ are brought up at least 
twice per year in Supervisory Board meetings that the MB attends. 
The MB and SB utilize governance mechanisms to consider climate-related issues within 
strategic business decisions on an ongoing basis. This includes a review of the annual 
financial budget and approval of spending aligned with our 2035 net-zero goal. They also 
oversee the setting of corporate targets, as well as monitoring progress against goals 
and targets.
Management-level
Key members of the Sustainability Leadership Council (SLC), which comprises senior 
leaders within the organization, typically one or two levels below the MB, oversee climate-
related issues. The SLC is tasked with collaboratively defining and aligning sustainability 
strategies, coordinating implementation resourcing and efforts, and communicating 
regularly to lead an efficient, cohesive effort. Individual members of the committee are 
tasked with specific sustainability management. The SLC convenes at least once a month, 
and the Vice President of Sustainability receives updates from Council members on their 
management of assigned climate-related issues. The Directors of Sustainability ESG, Global 
Environment & Climate, and Global EHS regularly report on progress in climate-related 
issues to the Vice President of Sustainability, each with specific climate-related 
responsibilities and objectives. The Vice President of Sustainability reports directly to 
the CFO.
Strategy 
In 2023, ASM performed an update to its initial assessment of climate-related risks and 
opportunities in alignment with TCFD recommendations from 2022. ASM worked with 
a dedicated climate consultancy to update its extensive list of climate-related risks and 
opportunities with additional topics that could impact our business, operations, and value 
chain. This included a review of physical risks in new geographies that had not been previously 
considered, including strategic operations and critical supplier locations, and a review of 
existing physical risks due to the availability of new climate data. Furthermore, ASM reviewed 
new transition risks and opportunities relating to ASM’s Net Zero by 2035 target. Among the list 
of additional risks and opportunities reviewed, a shortlist was selected for qualitative climate 
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 15

Page 16:
scenario analysis based on their potential impact on the business and high-level expert review 
of the potential change in climate indicators, as well as the availability of relevant climate data. 
Climate-scenario analysis
ASM used the following key concepts for the scenario analysis in alignment with the TCFD. 
Physical risks are linked to the impact of acute risks (for example, the increased severity of 
hurricanes/ droughts) and chronic risks (longer-term shifts in climate patterns, for example 
a sustained increase in temperatures). Transition risks and opportunities linked to the 
impact of a transition to a low-carbon economy (for example, carbon-pricing schemes and 
future policy requirements on the energy efficiency of buildings). An analysis of transition 
risks (policy and legal, technology, market, and reputation) and opportunities (resource 
efficiency, energy source, products/services, and resilience) as defined by the TCFD was 
performed for this report. 
Two climate scenarios were considered in this analysis: one for physical risks aligned to 
4°C or higher warming reflecting the ‘high-impact scenario’, and one for transition risks 
and opportunities aligned to below 2°C warming, reflecting the 'rapid-transition' scenario. 
Three different time-horizons were evaluated for climate-related risks and opportunities: 
short-term (1-5 years up to 2025), medium-term (5-15 years up to 2030), and long-term 
(15-30 years up to 2050).
Physical risks 
The first analysis in 2022 of physical risks considered ASM’s operations and value chain 
focused on the following geographies, covering ASM’s largest operational sites: United 
States (Phoenix, Arizona), the Netherlands, Belgium, Finland, Singapore, Korea, Japan, and 
Taiwan. In 2023, the updated qualitative climate-scenario analysis of physical risks 
assessed the following new geographies from ASM’s operations and value chain, including 
major supplier locations for the following climate hazards:
• Italy: Heat waves, extreme temperatures, heavy precipitation, flooding, and water 
scarcity/drought;
• Malaysia: Heat waves, extreme temperatures, heavy precipitation, and flooding;
• United States (Central region): Water scarcity/drought;
• United States (Great Lakes region): Water scarcity/drought; and
• United States (Northeast region): Heat waves, extreme temperatures, water scarcity/
drought, and windstorms/tropical cyclones.
In addition, the following existing geographies were reassessed due to the availability of 
updated climate hazard data for windstorms/tropical cyclones: Japan, Republic of Korea, 
and Taiwan.
Early planning and actions by ASM to mitigate the above climate risks include the following:
• Heat waves/extreme temperatures: Focusing on building our green building program, 
incorporating designs that minimize heat island effects, maximize shading, maximize 
energy efficiency especially on high-performing HVAC equipment, and promote 
electrical system resiliency.
• Heavy precipitation/flooding: Sites planned with appropriate water-management 
measures incorporated, for example, structures placement, water retention/detention, 
rain gardens and bioswales, and hydrologic modeling to ensure management and 
accommodation of higher-volume storm events
• Water scarcity/drought: Site use of recycle/reclaim waters generated either onsite or 
offsite, reducing the need for freshwater withdrawals. Building water efficiency into 
site designs as part of green building program, facilities management,and energy 
efficiency measures.
• Windstorms/tropical cyclones: Robust site design for structures and equipment as part 
of green buildings program. Business continuity/contingency planning in coordination 
with local emergency planning groups and value chain partners.
Transition risks and opportunities 
The scenario analysis for transition risks assessed the potential impact of increased 
stakeholder scrutiny of progress in meeting decarbonization goals. In addition to transition 
opportunities related to the potential of renewable-energy sourcing and the potential for 
increased revenue from low-carbon products and services. 
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 16

Page 17:
Business resilience
The findings of the in-depth assessment in different scenarios, both for physical and 
transition risks and opportunities, are being integrated into the business strategy via our 
Climate Transition Plan, allowing for mitigation and/or adaptation actions that increase 
business resilience.
Risk management
In 2022, ASM defined a formal annual process to identify, assess, prioritize, and integrate 
climate-related risks and opportunities (R&Os) into ASM’s enterprise risk management 
processes called the Climate Adaptation and Risk Opportunity Assessment (CAROA) 
process. The CAROA process consists of four main steps:
1. Identification and monitoring: The purpose is to review previously identified climate-
related R&Os in the Climate Risk and Opportunity long list based on internal and 
external triggers. This includes identifying whether new climate-related R&Os need to 
be added to the long list and assessed further, and/ or determining whether existing 
climate-related R&O topics need to be assessed further.
2. Assessment: This step involves conducting climate scenario analyses to understand 
which climate-related risks and opportunities could be material to the business; 
prioritize climate-related risks and opportunities for further in-depth climate scenario 
analysis and business-impact assessment to quantify their potential impact for ASM’s 
business strategy and financial planning.
3. Prioritization: Based on the previous step, the climate-related risks and opportunities 
identified as having the highest potential impact – in terms of substantive financial or 
strategic impact on ASM business based on materiality threshold – will be added to 
ASM’s risk universe as part of the annual risk-management process led by the 
corporate risk-management team.
4. Action planning and execution: This step involves planning and taking appropriate 
actions to mitigate/manage material risks and opportunities. In addition, to reviewing 
business processes and controls to ensure that activities are performed and 
acknowledged.
The CAROA process uses the risk terminology introduced by the TCFD and presented in 
the Strategy section to identify, assess, prioritize, and manage climate-related risks.
Metrics and targets
In 2023, ASM’s emissions-reduction targets were validated by the Science-Based Targets 
Initiative (SBTi) in alignment with the Paris Agreement, which includes our near- and long-
term net-zero science-based emissions reduction targets. These targets are outlined in 
section 11.1 of the Annual Report.
In addition, ASM developed its first climate-transition plan, which outlines its progress 
against decarbonization targets to date, and its key strategies for transforming its 
business to meet our Net Zero by 2035 target and build resilience to climate-related risks 
and opportunities.
Sustainability-related issues including climate change are integrated into our remuneration 
targets through our Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan. This STI program provides variable 
target bonuses based on employee-grade level and level of responsibility. Annual KPIs are 
set for our six corporate priorities, including ‘Accelerate sustainability'. As part of the STI 
plan, the Management Board has sustainability related KPIs that are updated annually. 
Notably, for 2023, we have specifically incorporated a science-based target pathway 
(in line with our 2035 SBTi validated net-zero goal) as one of the performance targets 
within the STI program.
ASM’s progress toward our targets – calculated through annual GHG footprint, and 
measures year-over-year emissions changes against our SBTi-approved emission-
reduction pathways – is covered in section 11.1 of the Annual Report.
Next steps
We aim to continue to assess and identify any climate risks and opportunities in the future 
and continuously update our climate-related disclosures in line with the evolution of both 
our business and climate science. Our aim is to incorporate the findings from our scenario 
analyses, if or as applicable, into our long-term strategy, enterprise risk-management 
processes, and risk- mitigation planning. We strive to improve and refine our CAROA 
process as we did in 2023, seeking to gain a complete picture of all climate-related risks in 
our operations and value chain, and integrating those findings into our climate transition 
plan and overall company risk management process and strategy.
Introduction Supplementary information Materiality assessment TCFD
≡ 
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report 17

Page 18:
2023 ESG supplement to the ASM Annual Report
ASM International N.V.
Versterkerstraat 8
1322 AP Almere
The Netherlands
Published on March 1, 2024

