Page 3:
Cementir Group 
Non-Financial Statement  
(In accordance with Decree disclosure of non-financial 
information (Besluit bekendmaking niet-financiële informatie) 
of 14 March 2017 and Decree disclosure of diversity policy  
(Besluit bekendmaking diversiteitsbeleid) of 22 December 2016) 
 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023   

Page 4:
CONTENTS
           4  Letter to the Stakeholders 
           8  Methodology note 
           9  The definition of material issues 
           9  Identification and research 
         12  Definition through stakeholder engagement 
         13  Prioritisation 
         13  Validation and implementation 
         14  The Group’s stakeholders 
         18  Sustainability Targets 
         26  UN Global Compact 
         26  The first year of membership 
         27  Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTI) 
         27  ESG rating 
 
 
              THE CEMENTIR GROUP 
         32  The Cementir Group 
         34  Group strategy  
         36  Global presence 
         38  Revenue from sales and services by geographical segment 
         39  How cement is made 
         40  Leader in white cement 
         41  Difference between grey and white cement  
         43  Market differentiation between white and grey cement 
         45  Effect of white cement on global warming and human safety 
         47  Grey cement  
         47  InWhite® 
         47  Production of ready-mixed concrete  
         48  Aggregates and cement products 
          49  Sustainable products 
         49  FUTURECEM®, a limestone calcined clay technology 
         50  Other low-carbon cements 
         50  D-Carb: decarbonisation of Aalborg White® 
         51  Low-carbon and sustainable concrete 
         53  Environmental Product Declaration (EPD) 
         53  Cementir quality system 
          54  Customer engagement 
         54  Towards direct relationship-building 
         55  White-Hub 
         56  E-Learning 
         56  Hearing the Voice of the Customer and measuring performance  
          57  EU Taxonomy  
         57  Eligibility Assessment 
         60  Alignment Assessment 
         61  Substantial Contribution and Do No Significant Harm (DNSH) 
         64  Minimum Safeguards 
         64  Indicators and accounting policies 
         65  Turnover  
         65  CapEx  
         66  OpEx 
         66  Taxonomy templates 
         72  Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures - TCFD 
         72  Overview  
         72  Governance   
         73  Strategy    
         74  Risk management    
         74  Metrics and targets  
         75  Cementir Roadmap 2030 
         75  Our 2030 commitment in numbers  
         76  Our key actions for the 2024-2030 period 
         79  Carbon Capture Technologies currently investigated by Cementir 
         84  Main investments needed to achieve CO₂ reduction targets  
         85  2050 ambition  
         86  Value chain engagement 
         86  The impact of the value chain on climate change and water security 
         87  Supplier Code of Conduct 
         88  Our commitment on carbon-related public policy 
         89  Governance 
         89  The Corporate Governance system  
         90  Nomination and selection processes of highest corporate body and its committees 
         91  Evaluation of Board’s performance 
         93  Composition of the Board 
         94  The Sustainability Governance system 

Page 5:
         97  Role of the Board of Directors in overseeing the management of Cementir’s impacts 
         99  Processes for ensuring that conflicts of interest are prevented 
       100  Internal Audit 
       100  Integrity and competition  
       101  The Code of Ethics 
       103  Commitment to fighting corruption 
       103  Commitment to Human Rights  
       104  Human rights audits performed in 2023 
       105  Commitment to Diversity Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 
       105  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion audits performed in 2023 
       106  Code of Ethics, Human Rights, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Awareness Survey 
       106  Cementir Holding Antitrust Programme 
       106  Relevant litigation 
       107  Cybersecurity  
       108  Risk Management Framework  
       108  Internal Control and Risk Management System 
       111  Risk Categories 
       113  Internal Control System for Fraud Risk Management  
       114  Main risks to which the Group is exposed 
       114  Strategic Risks 
       116  Financial Risks 
       116  Operational Risks 
       117  Compliance Risks 
       118  Climate risks 
       119  Climate-related scenario analysis 
       121  Chronic and acute physical phenomena 
       124  Transition risks and related opportunities 
 
 
                  THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS THAT GUIDE OUR ACTIONS 
       130  In waste, we see resources: we promote a circular economy 
       131  Waste management and recycling 
       132  Waste processed in 2023 
       133  Use of alternative fuels 
       135  Alternative raw materials 
       138  Efficient waste management 
       139  We respect the environment in all our operations 
       139  Cementir’s CO2 footprint 
       140  Cementir’s Scope 3 emissions 
       142  CO2 emissions related to Cement production 
       142  CO2 emissions related to other activities 
       143  Energy consumption 
       145  Responsible and efficient use of water 
       150  Extraction activities, rehabilitation and biodiversity 
       156  Air protection 
       158  We value our people 
       158  Health and Safety is a common value 
       158  Health and Safety - Progress in 2023 
       160  Health and Safety - Six pillars of action 
       161  Health and Safety - Governance 
       162  Health and Safety - Competence and awareness 
       164  Group People Survey 
       166  Talent review and succession plans for key positions within the Group 
       166  Talent Acquisition 
       167  People evaluation and development 
       168  Remuneration strategy 
       169  Non-compensation benefit 
       170  Cementir Academy 
       173  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
       175  Gender Pay Gap 
       177  Workforce numbers and composition 
       179  Industrial relations 
       180  We support our communities 
       180  Risk analysis and policies adopted 
       181  Dialogue and support of local communities 
       182  South Türkiye earthquake 
       183  Çimentaş Education and Health Foundation 
       183  Recovery of waste heat from cement kilns in Aalborg 
 
 
                  LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED 
       186  Cementir’s approach to taxes 
       190   Economic value generated and distributed 
 
            APPENDIX   
       192  Cementir Data Tables  
       216  GRI Content Index  
       228  Glossary  
       230  Independent Auditor’s Report

Page 6:
4
Dear stakeholders, 
In 2023, once again, the Group experienced great 
achievements despite the period of great turbulence 
in the world. The year was globally characterized by 
converging crises, including the continuation of 
international conflicts that fuelled inequalities, 
global insecurity and instability, along with volatility 
in the supply chain; economic uncertainty; the 
impacts of climate change and extreme weather 
events. 
The anticipated context emphasized the importance 
of adopting a proactive and leading approach as a 
globally operating Group. This goes beyond passive 
acceptance of events; it requires taking a driving 
role, fostering radical and constant innovation, and 
staying ahead of emerging trends and changes, 
which we actively pursue at Cementir. We 
acknowledged that we were well-prepared to 
navigate through the crisis and that we were and we 
are capable of creating greater economic and social 
value over the long term while minimizing business 
operating risks. 
Even for 2023 we further strengthened our plans to 
reduce our impact on the climate and increase the 
preservation of planetary resources achieving for 
this year an important milestone: the validation of 
our revised targets by Science-Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi), aligned with the 1.5°C scenario. 
With the issuance of the ‘Cement Science Based 
target setting guidance’ in September 2022 we 
promptly initiated the process of updating our 
targets achieving their validation in early 2024.  
Since 2022, Cementir has been a member of the UN 
Global Compact, joining 15,000 signatory companies 
committed to developing a more responsible 
business. This commitment involves respecting 
human and labour rights, promoting environmental 
protection and supporting anti-corruption initiatives. 
In 2023, as a voluntary practice for the year, 
Cementir chose to publicly disclose the company’s 
2022 data on the official UN Global Compact’s 
platform - CoP (Communication on Progress), 
reinforcing its dedication to transparency.  
Cementir’s commitment to international 
organization is evident through its endorsement of 
the WASH Pledge, an initiative developed by the 
World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD) and supported by the United 
Nations. As of the end of 2023, the Group’s average 
compliance with WASH standards was nearly 90%.  
This year has seen a significantly greater focus on 
innovation, one of our fundamental drivers. It will be 
LETTER TO THE STAKEHOLDERS  

Page 7:
5
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
the key to helping create better living conditions, by 
allowing communities to thrive.  We have been 
engaged in ongoing studies and development of low 
carbon cement, as well as feasibility studies of the 
implementation of Carbon Capture and Storage 
technologies at some of our plants.  Group’s plan 
envisages to install a CCS system in Aalborg, in 
2030, with which the Group will reduce CO₂ 
emissions per ton of grey cement to 458 kg, with an 
emission level below the limits required by the 
European Taxonomy and equal to a reduction of 36% 
compared to 2020 levels.  
Aligned with this the Group has defined a Roadmap 
to 2030 that will allow for the constant reduction of 
CO₂ emissions per ton of cement. In 2023, emissions 
per ton of grey cement were 655 kg, down 9% 
compared to 2020, while emissions per ton of white 
cement were 846 kg, down 7% compared to 2020. 
For white cement, which is a niche product for 
specific applications, with a market equal to 0.5% of 
world production, CO₂ emissions will be reduced to 
737 kg per ton of product. The reduction will be 
achieved by replacing traditional fuels with fuels 
that have a lower emission impact, in particular 
natural gas and other alternative fuels such as 
biomass, and by replacing clinker with mineral 
additives, such as limestone. 
Thanks also to all these efforts aimed at reducing 
CO₂ emissions, we were able to increase the 
percentage of Taxonomy-aligned activities in 2023. 
In that year, three plants met the threshold 
established by the Taxonomy. As a result, the 
proportions of Cementir Group’s turnover, capital 
expenditure (CapEx), and operating expenditure 
(OpEx) that were Taxonomy-aligned were 28.51%, 
38.66%, and 26.96% respectively. 
Even in 2023, we also reaffirmed our steadfast 
dedication to the preservation and enhancement of 
global biodiversity. We have completed post-
guideline evaluations, conducted gap analyses, and 
identified initiatives to further enhance our 
commitment to biodiversity conservation. Cementir 
targets to develop Biodiversity Management Plan for 
all the sites that are sensitive with respect to 
biodiversity and that have high biodiversity value.  
The cornerstone of our operations is embodied by 
our employees, who shape the future of the 
construction materials sector with perseverance, 
dedication and foresight. Through their unwavering 
commitment and hard work, we, as a Group, are 
more steadfast in our mission to assume the role of 
sustainability leader in our communities.  
The Group's top priority then remains the promotion 
of a robust health and safety culture with the goal of 
implementing a zero-accident strategy. In 2023, 
there were no fatal injuries reported among 
employees, contractors, or subcontractors. The 
significant efforts in health and safety also led to a 
16% reduction in the total number of lost time 
injuries compared to 2022. 
We are proud in fostering a work environment that 
promotes authenticity for everyone. As a global 
company, we recognize the fundamental importance 
of embracing differences, seeking alternative views 
and hear the diverse voices and thoughts of all 
individuals. We are therefore aware of the 
inestimable value of diversity, which enables both 
corporate and personal enrichment. In 2023, to 
enforce the company’s commitment to Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion (DEI), we performed several 
activities. We launched a specific training on the 
topic and we achieved all of our DEI targets for 2023.  
Thanks to the company's commitment to 
transparency and the business model established by 
Cementir to create sustainable value in the long-
term, as evidenced throughout the entire 
Sustainability Report, in 2023, it mainly confirmed or 
improved its ESG ratings. Notable improvements to 
highlight include the upgrade to A in the MSCI rating 
and to A- in the Refinitiv rating.   

Page 8:
6
In 2023, Cementir was awarded an ‘A-’ rating for 
Climate Change from the CDP, for the third year in 
row, rating and placing Cementir above the cement 
and concrete sector average (B) and the European 
average (B). For the second year, then, Cementir 
was also awarded a ‘A-’ rating for water security, 
higher that the Europe regional average (C) and 
higher than the Cement and concrete sector 
average (B). 
Cementir embraces and applies a holistic approach 
to sustainability, with organizations and individuals 
striving to create a harmonious and resilient 
balance between environmental stewardship, social 
responsibility, and economic prosperity. All the 
significant achievements are then documented in 
the comprehensive Sustainability Report. 
Looking ahead, Cementir will persist in pursuing 
these approaches to promote a sustainable and 
thorough business model that can generate shared 
value and positive impact for present and future 
generations. We believe that we are well-equipped, 
to continue being pioneers in sustainable value 
creation in the materials sector.  
The achievements of 2023 would not have been 
possible without the passion of our employees and 
their continued engagement, to whom I renew my 
gratitude. 
Rome, 11 March 2024                                                                                                 Francesco Caltagirone, Jr. 
                                                                                                          Chairman of the Board of Directors

Page 9:
Ready-mix concrete plant in Brussels, Belgium

Page 10:
8
METHODOLOGY NOTE  
 
The Cementir Group Sustainability Report - Consolidated Non-Financial Statement (SR or NFS), has been prepared 
in compliance with EU directive 2014/95 on the disclosure of non-financial and diversity information, and in 
accordance with the related Dutch decrees. Specifically with Decree disclosure of non-financial information (Besluit 
bekendmaking niet-financiële informatie) of 14 March 2017 and the Decree disclosure of diversity policy (Besluit 
bekendmaking diversiteitsbeleid) of 22 December 2016. 
The Report consolidates the information on the entire Cementir Group; it therefore includes the data on the 
parent company and its fully consolidated subsidiaries1. Furthermore, it also fully consolidates the non-
financial data on the subsidiary SCT which, in the Group’s Financial Report, is consolidated applying the 
proportional method (since it is controlled jointly at 65%). Any limits to the scope of reporting are clearly 
identified in the text and do not significantly affect understanding of the Group’s business, its performance 
or its results.  
The qualitative and quantitative information reported in the NFS is derived from a data-gathering process performed 
at the levels of Holding and single legal entity, using excel reporting packages. 
The Report discloses the data for the period 1 January 2023 - 31 December 2023, is drafted annually, and is approved 
by the Board of Directors of Cementir Holding N.V. Data from previous years are included for comparative purposes 
to enable an assessment, over time, of the performance of the Group. Any restatement of data reported in previous 
years is clearly indicated in the document.  
The information disclosed in the Sustainability Report has been defined using the 'GRI Sustainability Standards' 
as a methodological reference issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), a leading international association 
in the development of Sustainability Reporting Standards. The information has been reported ‘in accordance’ 
with the GRI Standards, referring to the period between January 1st, 2023 and December 31st, 2023. The Group 
has taken into account the reporting principles set out in the GRI Standards: completeness, sustainability 
context, balance, comparability, accuracy, timeliness, clarity and verifiability. A detailed overview of the indicators 
disclosed can be found in the GRI Content Index which provides a detailed description of all the topics covered 
in the document. 
The 2023 Sustainability Report shows the results of the analyses performed by the Company according to art. 8 of 
EU Regulation 2020/852 of June 18th 2020 (EU Taxonomy) and Delegated Regulations 2021/2178 and 2021/2139. 
The results of the analysis as well as the description of the methodological process, are reported in the related 
section. 
At the end of the document, the Annex includes all Sustainability KPIs (see ‘Cementir Data Tables’) and detailed 
information on the emission factors used to report CO2 equivalent emissions indicators. 
The Sustainability Report - Consolidated Non-Financial Statement w as subjected to limited assurance by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.. 
The limited assurance, in line with the regulatory frameworks in force, does not concern the information and data 
related to the "EU Taxonomy" section and the art. 8 of EU Regulation 2020/852.
1 For the Group details see the Group Annual report.

Page 11:
9
 
THE DEFINITION OF MATERIAL ISSUES  
 
According to the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards, material topics are those that represent the 
organisation’s most significant impacts on the economy, the environment and people. 
The result of their prioritisation is the materiality matrix, a tool that clearly delineates the relationships between 
corporate interests and those of stakeholders, highlighting areas of sustainability that are of mutual interest 
and should be the primary focus of reporting and strategic actions. 
Cementir Holding’s approach to sustainability is based on this tool and, therefore, we have committed to 
updating it annually. This commitment is also appropriate considering the numerous changes that have 
occurred in the field of sustainability in recent years and underscores the importance of meeting stakeholders’ 
evolving expectations and priorities. 
The materiality matrix has been reviewed in accordance with the GRI 2021. 
The update conducted in 2023 largely yields the same outcomes, using as baseline the categorisation of material 
topics into three areas: Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG).  
Consistent with the previous year, the most significant material topics in 2023 are Health & Safety and Climate 
Change and GHG emissions, confirming complete alignment with corporate strategies and implemented practices.  
The materiality matrix review process performed in 2023 can be delineated into four distinct phases.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IDENTIFICATION AND RESEARCH   
 
The groundwork for this stage began with the identification and validation of material topics through consultation 
with multiple sources, both internal and external. Given the constant changes in the market, business relationships 
and trends, for us it is crucial that the process of identifying impacts is conducted regularly. 
Initially, an analysis of the actual and potential impacts generated on the economy, environment and people through 
corporate operations was carried out. This analysis was facilitated by consulting internal documents from 2023, such 
as the Group’s strategy, the Group’s sustainability targets (for details, see the paragraph ‘Sustainability Targets’), 
audits results, complaints received through the whistleblowing channel and Group Enterprise Risk Management. 
Concerning the Group Risk Management, consultation of the risk register allowed for a more accurate delineation of 
the main business impacts (for further information on risks analysis, see the chapter ‘Risk Management Framework’). 
Following this, we turned to external sources, which we used to verify the level of alignment or misalignment with 
the 2022 material topics. By doing this, we were able to validate our internal trends understanding the context 
surrounding the organisation.  
The first screening was conducted with specific reference to our industry, cement production. For this we used and 
consulted:  
• the SASB Materiality Finder (sector specific)  
• the MSCI ESG Industry Materiality Map 
• documents and research issued by cement trade associations.   
An important stage of the process was then to analyse main laws and regulations in the countries where the 
Group operates. 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
Identitication and 
research 
Material topics have been 
identitied and validated 
through the consultation 
of Sector Specific 
Standards, ESG mega 
trends, ESG rating 
agencies and examination 
of competitors' 
materiality matrix.
1. Stakeholder 
engagement 
Conversations and 
consultations with 
internal and external 
stakeholder have been 
conducted to prioritize 
and assess each 
material topic, 
assigning its degree of 
relevance.
2. Prioritisation 
Following the  
collected results, 
the prioritization of 
material topics was 
carried out, both based 
on the assigned degree 
of relevance and the 
assessment provided by 
various stakeholders.
3. Validation and 
implementation 
The results gathered in 
the previous phases 
have been analyzed 
and conclusively 
validated. The finding 
are then presented to 
the Sustainability 
Committee for 
approval.
4.

Page 12:
10
To further verify the alignment of our material topics with the needs of our stakeholders, we provided 
consultation and analysis of ESG mega trends, as reported by MSCI, Refinitiv, S&P Global and from official 
ESG papers of the main international consulting firms.  
We further enriched our analysis by using a benchmark of material topics identified by the main players in 
the cement sector with an industry benchmarking of 10 competitors.  
The result of the identification and research phase is the list of Cementir’s material topics, classified into three 
equally distributed different categories (environmental, social and governance), to be as comprehensive as 
possible and to outline the holistic framework in which the Group operates on a day-to-day basis.  
This updated list provides a complete sustainability disclosure and is fully consistent with the Cementir Group’s 
strategy. 
Material topics                                              Description
Biodiversity Ensure and guarantee the protection of biodiversity in all territories where the 
company operates. The company is also committed to minimising its environmental 
impact through the development and implementation of a Rehabilitation Plan for 
all its quarries and a Biodiversity Management Plan for the quarries assessed as 
having a ‘High biodiversity value’. In this way each plant is committed to the 
development of appropriately focused rehabilitation and management plans to 
preserve biodiversity and ensure quarry rehabilitation.
Circular economy Respect, application and dissemination of the circularity principles in both production 
and consumption, extending the value creation of all products and materials. Our 
roadmap is fully inspired by circular economy principles and its application allows 
resources to remain in use for longer periods, extracting maximum value from them. In 
addition, reuse and recycling contribute to environmental footprint reduction by helping 
to improve sustainability within the cement value chain. It also involves the integration 
of alternative fuels, encompassing the exploration, implementation and promotion of 
sustainable and environmentally friendly energy sources beyond traditional fossil fuels.
Climate change 
and GHG emissions
Taking concrete actions on climate change mitigation and addressing direct and 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions that the company generates through its 
activities. Cementir is committed to developing a business model in line with the 
sustainability strategic goals and the CO2 emission reduction targets judged by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) to be consistent with a 1.5°C world. In 
February 2024, SBTi validated that the CO2 reduction targets for the near-term 
(2030) and long-term (2050) defined by Cementir are in line with the 1.5°C Scenario.
Energy management Internal monitoring process aimed at the correct and responsible use of energy, 
with particular attention to sources of supply. By 2030, the Group will increase the 
proportion of alternative fuels in the fuel mix to 48% for producing grey cement and 
14% for white cement. Energy management is not only related to source of supply 
but also to its sale. In Aalborg plant, excess heat is recovered from cement 
production and distributed to provide district heating to local inhabitants.
Innovation Foster a culture of innovation, in all Group operations, to stay ahead of market 
trends, enhance operational efficiency and address emerging challenges. Cementir 
aims to lead our industry, drive sustainable growth and positively impact the 
markets we serve. High levels of innovation are also crucial toward climate change 
mitigation, practical examples are the implementation and feasibility study of CCS 
(Carbon Capture and Storage) technologies in our plants and the development of 
low carbon cement, by minimising clinker content.
Other air emissions (different 
from GHG emissions)
Monitoring, target definition and possible reduction of other air emissions, other than 
Greenhouse Gas emissions that the company generates through its activities. The 
company is committed to the constant monitoring of air quality for the analysis of both 
absolute and specific emissions as PM, NOx, SO2, NH3, HCI, HF, Hg, TOC, CO and 
similar pollutants.   
MATERIAL TOPICS LIST  
Key                                                                  Environmental               Social                  Govern ance 

Page 13:
Material topics                                              Description
Community engagement
Customer management Encompasses the strategic and operational activities undertaken by our company 
to understand, engage with and satisfy the needs of our diverse customer base. It 
involves the seamless integration of processes, technologies, and human 
interactions to foster positive relationships throughout the entire customer journey.
Diversity, Equity  
and Inclusion
Fully respecting and ensuring the application of diversity equity and inclusion (DEI) 
policies throughout the company and all its stakeholders.
Human rights
People management 
and development
Boosting employee engagement, encouraging teams to improve their performance 
at work and ensuring individuals are inspired to continually develop in their career. 
Reliable and Sustainable 
value chain
Throughout the entire value chain, the Group ensures that everyone integrates and 
adheres to the highest standards in accordance with the company’s policies, 
international frameworks, and public commitments.
Business performance 
and consolidation
Capability to achieve company’s objectives and expected results including all its 
subsidiaries. This is further enhanced by risk management’s activities, that supports 
management in identifying, assessing and monitoring risks, as well as defining the 
most effective response strategies for their mitigation.
Competitive behaviour 
and business ethics
Management always operates in full accordance with and respect of the market: 
ensuring fair competition, application of anti-corruption practices and policies, 
implementation of ethical business practices; all aimed at value creation.
Cybersecurity and data 
protection
The integration of practices aimed at protecting digital information from unauthorised 
access, corruption, or data theft, ensuring a safe business and maintaining the trust 
of our stakeholders.
Geopolitical aspects Direct and indirect impacts on the business caused by geopolitical events around the 
world (such as inflation, stagflation and conflicts).
Industrial relations The consolidation and maintenance of a positive and secure relationship between 
Top Management and employees are paramount, emphasising the implementation 
of good labour management practices (e.g. ensuring freedom of association).  
Regulation Company’s responsiveness to adapt its processes and reporting documents to the 
latest releases of laws, regulations and standards. While the company operates in a 
sector that is considered a major emitter, legislation, at European level, as well as, 
at an international level, is becoming more rigorous. Looking at the regulatory 
landscape, the most impactful laws that affect the company are: the CSRD (Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive), the EU Taxonomy, the CBAM (Carbon Border 
Adjustment Mechanism), the future implementation of ETS systems in non-EU 
countries and the CSDD (Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive).  
Transparency  
and accountability
The ability to enable everyone to have access to company’s information in a detailed 
and honest way, by holding every operating entity accountable for their commitments.  
Health and Safety The company is dedicated to establishing and endorsing a safe and healthy 
workplace environment, free from injuries, fatalities, and illnesses. Since 2022, all 
cement plants have been covered by ISO 45001 certification, reinforcing the 
company's steadfast commitment to this important topic.
11
To ensure full respect for human rights, the company is committed to upholding the 
rights of all its stakeholders. This commitment is further strengthened by adhering 
to the Group's Human Rights policy.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
Waste and Hazardous  
Materials Management
Provision of internal processes to ensure the correct storage of unwanted waste items 
that have served their purpose but are no longer useful. Collecting, processing and 
disposing of waste are all part of the process. At the same time, waste is also a source 
of alternative fuels with a high calorific value. Using the latest biological technologies, 
the Group contributes to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
Water management The control and movement of water resources to minimise damage to life and property 
and to maximise efficient beneficial use. The Group has laid out a 10-year roadmap that 
will allow water consumption per ton of Cement Equivalent produced to be reduced by 
20% compared to 2019. For plants located in high water-stress areas, for which the 
specific water consumption is already lower than the Group average, the reduction target 
is 25%. Company’s commitment is also enforced by the signature of the WASH Pledge 
(for more information, see ‘Responsible and efficient use of water’), aligned with SDG 6, 
which guarantees the provision and access to water at an appropriate standard for all 
employees in all premises under our direct control. Cementir is also committed to acting 
on WASH across its value chain (suppliers and communities). 
Engaging with the communities that the company operate within, ensuring their 
active involvement and participation. All by respecting their human rights and 
enhancing the efforts towards the distribution of benefits to the local communities.  

Page 14:
Compared to the 2022 material topics, several adjustments have been implemented to provide a more 
comprehensive description of corporate activities and, most importantly, to ensure complete alignment with 
the corporate strategy, ESG and market trends. 
The main reviews carried out are outlined below.  
 
 
 
DEFINITION THROUGH STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT   
 
Once the material topics for Cementir Holding had been defined, the next stage involved all stakeholders, both 
internal and external who were previously identified and mapped, in the validation process. 
The stakeholders involved in this process were 662 people, of which the following were internal:  
• Top Management: the highest levels of managers, consisting of all heads of corporate functions and all 
heads of Regions. This group includes the members of both the Ethics and Sustainability Committees. 
• Cementir’s independent board members. 
• A heterogeneous and random sample of employees. 
We also involved the following external stakeholders:  
• Customers. 
• Suppliers. 
• Institutional bodies (entities with a primary role in the field of sustainability, e.g. international and well 
recognised non-profit organizations dedicated to combating climate change, ESG rating agencies). 
Through an anonymous multiple-choice survey, stakeholders were asked to share the degree of relevance 
they assigned to material business topics on a scale of 0 (irrelevant) to 4 (very relevant). This phase boosted 
the comprehension of the significance of material topics to the next stage. 
12
2022 Material Topics                               2023 Material Topics                                                  Reasons for the update
Circular economy (use of 
alternative fuels and materials)
Circular economy Greater accuracy on our 
commitment to the topic
Reliable and sustainable 
supply chain
Reliable and sustainable  
value chain
Emphasising the daily commitment 
towards the whole value chain, 
extending beyond just our suppliers
Competitive behaviour Competitive behaviour 
and business ethics
Highlighting the company's 
commitment to ensuring good 
corporate practices, as a guarantee 
of compliance

Page 15:
Relevance to Stakeholders
Relevance to Cementir Group
2,0 2,5 3,0 3,5 4,0
2,0
2,5
3,0
3,5
4,0
Material topics’ areas
Environmental Social Governance
Competitive 
behavior
Innovation
Biodiversity Community 
engagement
Human rights
Other air 
emissions
Geopolitical 
aspects Industrial relations
Reliable and sustainable
value chain
Waste and hazardous
materials management
Regulation
Customer 
management
Cybersecurity 
and Data Protection
People managment
and development
Climate Change
and GHG emissions
Diversity equity 
and inclusion
Water 
management
Circular 
Economy
Transparency 
& accountability
Energy 
managementBusiness Performance
& Consoldiation
Health & Safety
13
PRIORITISATION  
 
The prioritisation phase, immediately following the stakeholder engagement activity, involved an analysis by 
the Group and its management of the results obtained. Through the comparison of stakeholder opinions, it was 
possible to prioritise Cementir’s material topics, categorised according to the assigned degree of relevance. 
Additionally, this phase enabled the Cementir Group to monitor and compare the different levels of importance 
assigned to various issues by each category of stakeholders. It also allowed verification of the level of alignment 
or misalignment between internal relevance and external expectations on these issues. 
This process identified the most significant topics for the Group, which include: 
 
            Environmental: Climate Change and GHG emissions; 
 
            Social: Health and Safety; 
 
            Governance: Competitive behaviour  and Cybersecurity and data protection , two material issues 
assessed with equal relevance for the Group. 
 
 
VALIDATION AND IMPLEMENTATION 
 
The results collected in the previous stages were used to produce the Group’s materiality matrix.  
In order to further validate this result, a comparison with the existing corporate strategy and the Group’s 
targets was also necessary.  
At this stage, validation was performed first by the Sustainability Committee. 
The final result of this whole process is a valuable strategic and communication tool for both internal and external 
use, enabling Cementir to have constant monitoring of its activities and verification of the choices made.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 

Page 16:
14
THE GROUP’S STAKEHOLDERS   
 
Considering the breadth and the international presence of the Group, there are many different stakeholder 
categories with varying needs with whom the company interacts on a daily basis. Every category of stakeholder 
has their own method and frequency of listening and involvement, based on the subject, topic, interest and 
characteristics of the Group’s various regions. 
Cementir Holding works to build a strong and long-lasting relationship with all of them, as is aware that 
cooperation is an important and powerful value that enables the Group to better achieve its results, long-term 
sustainability and improve its positive impact on people and society. To do so, communication and listening to 
stakeholders are increasingly important and play a crucial role. The Group, recognising that each stakeholder 
has unique needs, interests and expectations of the organisation, is therefore strongly committed to engaging 
with them as much as possible.  
Recognising this and in accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, in 2023, the Group issued the 
Stakeholder Engagement Policy. Its purpose is to establish guidelines for engaging stakeholders in company’s 
operations and it applies to all operational activities of the Cementir Group (for further information see the 
‘Role of the Bord of Directors in overseeing the management of Cementir’s impacts’ section). The constant 
and constructive dialogue with the stakeholders involved is fundamental to the proper functioning of the 
company's business model, which aims to create economic, social and environmental value for all.  

Page 17:
15
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
With the implementation of a wide range of actions, Cementir is in a position to anticipate stakeholders’ needs 
and priorities, knowing that Cementir’s actions will have a direct impact on the ecosystem it is a part of, and 
that they take into account the environment, the economy and society as inseparable parts of the same whole. 
While recognising this individuality, the Company is committed to identifying and analysing priorities and 
expectations for each stakeholder category defined in the previous phase and adapting engagement strategies 
and actions accordingly. This analysis process allows for the adoption of targeted, customised and proactive 
engagement plans to foster effective communication, accurate information sharing and constructive 
collaboration with relevant stakeholders. 
Based on the working and non-working relationships that the Group, each region and each individual business 
unit has externally and internally as well as directly and indirectly the Group proceeded with the identification 
of its stakeholders. The identified and listed stakeholders are those that the company interfaces and has a 
stable relationship with (Holding level or regional level). 
The table on the next page lists the Group’s main stakeholders, the subjects of interest identified for each of 
them and the tool used for enhancing their engagement. For this last phase, direct conversation with the 
individual business unit enabled Cementir to identify all the tools and channels used to ensure the highest 
level of stakeholder involvement.  
 
Hybrid truck of Unicon Denmark

Page 18:
16
Shareholders - ‘Governance’
- ‘Governance’ 
- ‘We value our people’ 
- Dedicated meetings 
- European Worker Council 
- Networking 
- Official reports 
- Working group 
Human rights 
                                               
Industrial relations 
Trade Unions
Type of stakeholder                       Subject of interest                         Engagement’s tool                        For more details 
Personnel - ‘Governance’ 
- ‘We value our people’ 
 
Cybersecurity and data 
protection 
 
Diversity, Equity  
and Inclusion 
 
Health and Safety 
                                               
Human rights 
                                               
Industrial relations 
                                               
Innovation 
                                               
People management  
and development 
- Group Annual Convention 
- Intranet 
- Mail 
- Official reports 
- Social networks 
- Survey 
- Training 
Institutions and 
Authorities (local  
and national) 
- ‘Governance’ 
- ‘We respect the 
environment in all our 
operations’ 
- ‘We value our people’ 
 
Climate change  
and GHG emissions 
                                                        
Competitive behaviour and 
business ethics 
                                                        
Energy management 
                                                        
Health and Safety 
                                                        
Human rights 
                                                        
Industrial relations 
                                                        
Innovation 
                                                        
Other air emissions (different 
from GHG emissions) 
                                                        
Regulation  
                                                        
Waste and Hazardous Materials 
Management 
- Exhibitions 
- Official reports 
- Participation in Global and 
Business Associations 
- Press releases 
- Public conferences 
 
- Direct contact 
- Official reports 
- Press releases 
- Shareholder meetings 
 
Climate change and GHG 
emissions 
 
Business performance and 
consolidation 
 
Competitive behaviour and 
business ethics 
 
Regulation   
 
Health and Safety 
 
Human rights 

Page 19:
17
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
Type of stakeholder                       Subject of interest                         Engagement’s tool                        For more details 
Local communities 
and local committees
- ‘In waste, we see 
resources: we promote a 
circular economy’ 
- ‘We respect the 
environment in all our 
operations’ 
- ‘We support our 
communities’ 
- Dedicated meetings 
- Direct contact  
- Official reports 
Customers - ‘Sustainable products’ 
- ‘Customer engagement’ 
- ‘Cementir Roadmap 2030’ 
- ‘Governance’ 
- ‘We respect the 
environment in all our 
operations’ 
Climate change and GHG 
emissions 
                                                       
Competitive behaviour and 
business ethics 
                                                       
Customer management 
                                                       
Innovation 
- Blog 
- Exhibitions 
- Official reports 
- Sales departments  
- Social networks  
- Survey  
- Training 
- Website   
Suppliers and 
contractors
- ‘Value chain engagement’ 
- ‘In waste, we see 
resources: we promote a 
circular economy’ 
- ‘We value our people’ 
- CDP Supply Chain 
- Exhibitions  
- Official reports 
- Training 
Environmentalist 
Associations
- ‘Cementir Roadmap 2030’ 
- ‘In waste, we see 
resources: we promote a 
circular economy’ 
- ‘We respect the 
environment in all our 
operations’ 
- Official reports 
- Social networks  
- Website  
Financiers - ‘ESG ratings’ 
- ‘Governance’ 
- Direct contact 
- ESG ratings  
- Investor presentation 
- Official reports 
- Press releases 
Circular economy 
 
Climate change and GHG 
emissions 
                                                                  
Community engagement  
                                                                  
Human rights 
                                                                  
Other air emissions (different from 
GHG emissions) 
                                                                  
Waste and Hazardous Materials 
Management 
                                                                  
Water management 
Circular economy 
 
Health and safety 
                                                                
Reliable and Sustainable  
value chain 
Biodiversity 
                                                                
Circular economy  
                                                                
Climate change and GHG 
emissions  
                                                                
Energy management 
                                                                
Innovation 
                                                                
Other air emissions (different from 
GHG emissions) 
                                                                
Waste and Hazardous Materials 
Management 
                                                                
Water management 
Business performance and 
consolidation 
                                                                
Competitive behaviour and 
business ethics  
                                                                
Regulation 
                                                                
Transparency and accountability 
 

Page 20:
18
SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS 
 
Sustainability is one of Cementir’s main values, on which it bases its activities and choices. For this reason, 
the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact are incorporated 
into Cementir’s guidelines, the compass by which we direct our actions. 
The Group contributes to the achievement of all 17 SDGs, but to better direct its operations and given the intrinsic 
impacts and characteristics of the business, the company focuses its effort on those considered most critical.  
Below is the list of the SDGs identified as most impactful for Cementir Holding, the ones on which the Company 
has greater ability to support their achievement and drive the change.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Beside the achievement of the SDGs, the Group also focuses its attention on the Ten Principles of the UN 
Global Compact. Ensuring their fulfilment and compliance enables the company’s operation to foster a culture 
that respects human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption. In doing so, the Group is committed 
to acting with full respect of people and planet, giving utmost importance to its long-term success (for further 
information see the paragraph ‘UN Global Compact’). 
In the next pages, the breakdown of all the principles impacted through the company’s operations and 
strategies. 
Impacted SDGs
Principle 1: business 
should support and respect 
the protection of 
internationally proclaimed 
human rights; 
 
Principle 2: make sure that 
they are not complicit in 
human rights abuses.
Principle 3: business should 
uphold the freedom of 
association and the effective 
recognition of the right to 
collective bargaining; 
 
Principle 4: elimination of 
all forms of forced and 
compulsory labour; 
 
Principle 5: the effective 
abolition of child labour; 
 
Principle 6: the elimination 
of discrimination in respect 
of employment and 
occupation.
Principle 7: business should 
support a precautionary 
approach to environmental 
challenges; 
 
Principle 8: undertake 
initiatives to promote 
greater environmental 
responsibility; 
 
Principle 9: encourage the 
development and diffusion 
on environmentally friendly 
technologies.
Principle 10: business 
should work against all 
forms of corruption, 
including extortion and 
bribery.


Page 21:
The above-mentioned frameworks surround and lay the foundations for shaping the Group’s Sustainability Targets. 
The Sustainability Targets, defined by the Sustainability Team in collaboration with regional and corporate 
teams and according to the guidelines established by the Sustainability Committee, are related to the efforts 
by Cementir to adopt all necessary measures and the most innovative technological solutions to:  
 
            minimise the impact of our business on the environment;  
  
            create a healthy, safe and inclusive work environment;  
 
            respect human rights and create a constructive and transparent relationship with local communities 
and business partners. 
 
The Group Management Team (GMT)2 is responsible for managing the projects and achieving the Sustainability 
Targets. 
The Internal Audit Department is responsible for the periodic monitoring of activities implemented with respect 
to the Group’s Sustainability strategy and its targets. 
Cementir’s Sustainability Report is an annual disclosure of its progress towards achieving these targets with 
the assistance of its stakeholders. 
In the following section, the progress made by the Group for each individual Sustainability Target is disclosed, 
along with the corresponding Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Ten Principles of the UN Global 
Compact, the results achieved in 2023 and the material topics impacted. 
 
 
19
2 The GMT, composed of the Group COO, CFO, Sales Officer, Procurement Officer, Technical Coordinator Officer, Information Technology Officer, 
Group General Counsel, Group Chief Internal Audit Officer, Group Investor Relations Officer, HR Officer and Head of Regions, supports the 
Group CEO’s decisions on relevant topics, defines operating guidelines and plays a vital role in ensuring that sustainability efforts are aligned 
with economic and business objectives.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
Cement plant in Ipoh, Malaysia

Page 22:
20
CO2 reduction 
target for grey and 
white cement
The Group has defined a 
Roadmap to 2030 that will 
allow for the constant 
reduction of CO₂ emissions 
per ton of cement. The 
Group will reduce emissions 
of CO₂ per ton of grey 
cement to 458 kg, which is 
below the limits required by 
the European Taxonomy and 
equates to a 36% reduction 
from 2020 levels.  
For white cement, CO₂ 
emissions will be reduced to 
737 kg per ton of cement.  
The implementation of the 
Roadmap is proceeding as 
planned. In 2023, 
emissions per ton of grey 
cement were 655 kg, down 
9% compared to 2020, 
while emissions per ton of 
white cement were 846 kg, 
down 7% compared to 
2020.
2025 
2030
Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Cementir 
Roadmap  
2030 (Page 75)
UN SDGs Target Detailed description 2023 Results Deadline and progress Pages
Climate change 
and GHG 
emissions
Impacted Material Topic
Net zero emissions The goal of the Group is to 
reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 
emissions to zero or to a 
residual level that is 
consistent with reaching 
net-zero emissions at the 
global level in eligible 
1.5°C scenarios and to 
neutralise any residual 
emissions at the net-zero 
target date.
In February 2024, the 
Science Based Targets 
Initiative (SBTi) validated 
that the CO₂ reduction 
targets for the near-term 
(2030) and long-term 
(2050) defined by Cementir 
are in line with the 1.5°C 
Scenario.
2050 Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Science 
Based 
Targets 
Initiative  
(Page 27) 
 
2050 
ambition 
(Page 85) 
 
Value chain 
engagement 
(Page 86) 
 
Cementir’s 
Scope 3 
emissions 
(Page 140) 
Climate change 
and GHG 
emissions  
 
Reliable and 
sustainable 
Value Chain  
Lowering clinker 
content of grey 
cement to 64%
FUTURECEM®, is a low-
carbon cement which allows 
more than 35 % of the energy 
intensive clinker in cement to 
be replaced by limestone and 
calcined clay. 
By 2030, FUTURECEM® 
volumes sold are expected to 
reach around 51% of total 
volumes sold in Europe and 
60% of grey cement volumes. 
In 2023, the clinker ratio 
for grey cement was 
decreased to 79%, from the 
80% of 2022. 
In January 2021, Cementir 
started the distribution of 
FUTURECEM® and the 
sales expectations were 
fully met in 2021-2023 
period. 
2025 
2030
Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Cementir 
Roadmap 2030  
(Page 75) 
Climate change 
and GHG 
emissions 
€ 100 million 
investments in the 
2024-2026 period
The 2024-26 Industrial 
Plan, approved by the Board 
of Directors in February 
2024, targets € 100 million 
investments in 
Sustainability and 
Digitalisation, which will 
include, among others: 
preliminary studies for CCS 
in Denmark and Belgium; 
the kiln upgrade at the 
Belgian plant to increase 
the use of alternative fuels 
from the current 40% to 
over 70%; the transition to 
natural gas in some of the 
Group's plants, the 
preparation of the 
structures necessary for 
the production of 
FUTURECEM® in Denmark. 
In February 2024, the Board 
of Directors approved the 
2024-2026 Industrial Plan.
2026 Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Main 
investments to 
achieve CO₂ 
reduction 
targets 
(Page 84) 
Energy 
management 
 
Climate change 
and GHG 
emissions  
 
follow

Page 23:
21
follow
48% alternative 
fuel use for grey 
cement production 
by 2030
The Group target has 
individual goals for each 
plant producing grey 
cement. The overall Group 
target defined, which also 
has intermediate targets 
for 2025, has a final target 
date of 2030.
In 2023, the use of 
alternative fuels increased 
by 1 percentage points 
compared to 2022 (33% in 
2023 versus the 32% of 
2021).
2025 
2030
Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Cementir 
Roadmap 2030  
(Page 75) 
Circular economy
Lowering clinker 
content of white 
cement to 78%
For white cement, CO₂ 
emissions will be reduced 
to 737 kg per ton of 
cement. The reduction will 
be achieved by replacing 
traditional fuels with fuels 
that have a lower emission 
impact, in particular 
natural gas and other 
alternative fuels such as 
biomass, and by replacing 
clinker with mineral 
additives, such as 
limestone.
In 2023, the clinker to 
cement ratio for white 
cement was 79%, down 
from 81% in 2022.
2025 
2030
Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Cementir 
Roadmap 
2030  
(Page 75) 
Climate change 
and GHG 
emissions 
Production of 
alternative fuels 
from waste
The Group’s plants produce 
alternative fuels and 
thermal energy, minimising 
landfill waste and 
contributing to the 
reduction of greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions.
In 2023, the Group’s 
treatment plants produced 
a total of 11,120 tons of 
fuel from waste.
ongoing Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Waste 
processed in 
2023 
(Page 132) 
Waste and 
Hazardous 
Materials 
Management 
 
Circular economy  
14% alternative 
fuel use for white 
cement production 
by 2030
For white cement, CO₂ 
emissions will be reduced 
to 737 kg per ton of 
cement. The reduction will 
be achieved by replacing 
traditional fuels with fuels 
that have a lower 
emissions impact, in 
particular natural gas and 
other alternative fuels such 
as biomass, and by 
replacing clinker with 
mineral additives, such as 
limestone.
In 2023, the use of 
alternative fuels was 2% 
and the natural gas 16%. 
Alternative fuels affect the 
colour and for this reason 
their use is drastically 
limited in the production of 
white cement.
2025 
2030
Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Cementir 
Roadmap 2030  
(Page 75) 
Circular economy
follow
UN SDGs Target Detailed description 2023 Results Deadline and progress Pages Impacted Material Topic
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 

Page 24:
22
follow
Companies must 
operate with a 
certified 
environmental 
management 
system  
(i.e. ISO 14001) 
The Group plans to certify 
all cement plants by 2025 
and all RMC plants by 
2027.
As of 2023, 8 cement 
plants (accounting for the 
93% of total cement 
production), 3 RMC 
companies (accounting for 
the 30% of total RMC 
production) and one waste 
management companies 
(accounting for the 100% 
of waste managed by the 
group) are ISO 14001 
certified.
2025 
2027
Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
We respect 
the 
environment in 
all our 
operations  
(Page 139) 
Water 
management 
 
Other air 
emissions 
(different from 
GHG emissions) 
  
Waste and 
hazardous 
materials 
management  
Biodiversity 
preservation 
 
Cementir is committed to 
minimising negative 
impacts and where 
possible enhancing 
biodiversity by following 
the established 
international best 
practices.  
 
Rehabilitation plan in all 
active sites by 2025: 100%.  
 
Biodiversity value 
assessment of all active 
sites and Biodiversity 
Management Plan for all 
high biodiversity sites by 
2030. 
 
As of 2023, 95% of quarry 
rehabilitation plans are in 
place. 
In 2022, we issued the 
biodiversity and 
rehabilitation guidelines to 
set Group wide standards 
and targets aligned with 
international best practices 
to review all existing 
biodiversity plans in place, 
identify improvements in 
rehabilitation plans and 
identify quarries with high 
biodiversity value. 
2025 
2030
Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Extraction 
activities, 
rehabilitation 
and 
biodiversity   
(Page 150) 
Biodiversity
Group water-
related targets
The Group has defined a 
10-Year Roadmap that will 
allow for the reduction of 
the water consumption per 
ton of cement produced by 
20% compared to 2019 
(plan baseline). Concerning 
the plants located in high 
water stress areas, for 
which the specific water 
consumption is already 
lower than the Group 
average, the reduction 
target is 25%.
In 2023, specific water 
consumption was further 
reduced.  
 
In 2023, water 
consumption was 387 litres 
per ton of cement, versus 
402 recorded in 2022. 
 
For plants located in high 
water-stress areas, water 
consumption was 246 litres 
per ton of cement versus 
257 recorded in 2022.  
2030 Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Responsible 
and efficient 
use of water 
(Page 145)
Water 
management 
follow
UN SDGs Target Detailed description 2023 Results Deadline and progress Pages Impacted Material Topic

Page 25:
23
follow
Supporting 
Denmark in 
delivering a 70% 
reduction in 
greenhouse gases 
by 2030
Through Aalborg Portland, 
the Group is involved in the 
most ambitious CO2 
reduction project 
sponsored by a 
government. Aalborg 
Portland is leading the 
technical group that will 
provide the Danish 
government with a 
technical forecast of all 
potential CO2 reductions 
achievable by energy 
intensive industries in 
Denmark and will define 
the prerequisites (policy, 
research, innovation, 
subsidies, etc.) for such 
reductions.
Aalborg Portland has 
committed to reducing its 
Scope 1 emissions to to 
maximum 600.000 tonnes 
by 2030. This reduction 
entails delivering a 73% 
reduction of Scope 1 
emission compared to 2021 
levels. 
2030 Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Cementir 
Roadmap 2030  
(Page 75) 
Climate change 
and GHG 
emissions  
Promoting 
diversity in the 
workforce
Cementir is committed to 
promoting diversity in the 
workforce.
In 2021, the Group Internal 
Audit defined a work 
program for diversity, 
equity, and inclusion (DEI) 
audits. In 2023, the audits 
were carried out in all of 
the Group’s companies, 
with a coverage of 100% of 
Cementir’s workforce 
worldwide. The analyses 
highlighted that, internal 
operations are in line with 
internationally recognised 
diversity, equity and 
inclusion principles, 
furthermore no risks were 
identified during the audit 
activities.
ongoing Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Commitment 
to Diversity 
Equity and 
Inclusion (DEI) 
(Page 105) 
 
Diversity, 
Equity and 
Inclusion 
audits 
performed in 
2023 
(Page 105) 
Diversity Equity 
and Inclusion 
 
Human rights 
Sustainable talent 
management
Key positions are filled 
internally with top-class 
candidates worldwide.
In 2023, a Group talent 
review was conducted with 
the aim of obtaining an 
overview of performance 
trends and assessing 
potential readiness for 
advancement into higher or 
more complex roles. This 
process enabled us to 
identify key individuals for 
retention through 
development plans and to 
pinpoint key roles that 
need to be filled by a roster 
of potential successors in 
the short, medium, and 
long term, thereby 
ensuring business 
continuity.
ongoing Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Talent review 
and 
succession 
plans for key 
positions 
within the 
Group  
(Page 166) 
 
Cementir 
academy  
(Page 170) 
People 
management  
and development 
follow
People 
engagement
Increase engagement 
across the Group by 
listening, engaging and 
implementing improvement 
plans.
In November 2022 the 
Cementir Group launched 
its second Global People 
Survey, ‘Your Voice’. 
Mirroring the survey 
performed in 2019, this 
survey involved all 
Cementir employees.
ongoing Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Group People 
Survey 
(Page 164) 
People 
management  
and development 
UN SDGs Target Detailed description 2023 Results Pages Impacted Material TopicDeadline and progress
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 

Page 26:
24
follow
Zero accidents 
strategy
To achieve it the Group is 
focusing on:  
• Leadership in practice 
• Commitment & 
Responsibility  
• Risk Management  
• Involvement & 
Participation  
• Competence & 
Awareness  
• Continuous improvement 
In 2023, there were no 
fatalities among  
employees and 
contractors/subcontractors.
ongoing Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Health and 
safety is a 
common value 
(Page 158) 
Health & Safety
Quality education 
for employees
In 2018, the Group 
launched the Cementir 
Academy, a training hub 
that aims to develop and 
enhance the technical, 
behavioural and managerial 
skills of all our employees. 
More than 80,000 hours of 
training were provided in 
2023.
ongoing Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Cementir 
Academy 
(Page 170) 
People 
management  
and development 
All RMC plants 
must operate with 
a certified health 
and safety 
management 
system (i.e. ISO 
45001)
The Group plans to certify 
all RMC plants by 2027.
As of today, RMC plants are 
not certified ISO 45001.
2027 Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Health and 
safety is a 
common value 
(Page 158) 
Health & Safety
follow
Link between 
employee 
remuneration and 
sustainability 
targets
The sustainability targets 
defined by the Group are 
included in the monetary 
incentive plan adopted by 
Cementir.
The remuneration of the 
whole C-level is strictly 
linked to ESG topics (e.g. 
Occupational Health & 
Safety, CO2 emissions 
reduction and so on), 
specifically these KPIs 
account for the 15 - 20 % 
of their remuneration.
2023 Target 
achieved
Remuneration 
strategy 
(Page 168) 
People 
management  
and development 
Promotion of 
gender equality 
with an objective 
of at least 30% of 
the Board of 
Directors being 
women
Implementation of a 
specific Group Diversity 
Policy.
As of December 2023 the 
Board was composed for its 
50% by women, 
outperforming the defined 
target. 
ongoing Target 
achieved
The Corporate 
Governance 
system  
(Page 89)  
Diversity Equity 
and Inclusion 
 
Human rights 
UN SDGs Target Detailed description 2023 Results Deadline and progress Pages Impacted Material Topic

Page 27:
25
follow
Transparent 
communication 
with stakeholders
In 2023, filling in the CDP 
Climate Change 
Questionnaire and Water 
Security Questionnaire and 
an assurance by the 
external auditors. 
 
In 2023, Cementir was 
awarded ‘A-’ both for the 
management of climate 
change issues and for 
water management. 
 
In 2023, a limited 
assurance engagement on 
the Sustainability Report 
was provided by external 
auditors. 
2023 Target 
achieved
Our 
commitment 
on carbon-
related public 
policy 
(Page 88) 
 
Indipendent 
Auditor's 
Report  
(Page 230) 
 
Transparency  
and accountability
Implementation of 
monitoring 
systems to 
eliminate human 
rights related risks 
across the Group
A human rights self-
assessment checklist, 
based on the Cementir 
Code of Ethics, UN 
Declaration on Human 
Rights, ILO Conventions 
and UK Slavery Act has 
been established and has 
been included in the 
Internal Audit process. 
Starting from 2020, the 
Internal Audit Department 
has verified the effective 
compliance of each 
company in the following 
areas: child labour, forced 
labour, non-discrimination, 
conditions of employment, 
security, and supply chain 
management. In 2022 new 
categories of analysis have 
been implemented: 
community relationship, 
customers management 
and diversity, equity and 
inclusion. 
In 2023, this activity was 
carried out in the main 
companies, with a coverage 
of 100% of the Cementir 
workforce worldwide, 
involving the following 
countries: Belgium, 
Denmark, Norway, Türkiye, 
United States, China, 
Malaysia, Egypt, Italy 
and Poland.
ongoing Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Commitment 
to Human 
Rights     
(Page 103) 
 
Human rights  
 
Diversity Equity 
and Inclusion 
Quality education 
for the local 
community
In Türkiye, the Group 
supports the Çimentaş 
Education and Health 
Foundation. Since it was 
founded, the Foundation 
has sponsored over 500 
scholarships for secondary 
school and university 
students. Thanks to the 
Foundation’s financial 
support, the Işıkkent High 
School was founded.
The Işıkkent High School 
provides education at all 
levels from nursery school 
to secondary school.
ongoing Target in line 
with the 
planned 
roadmap
Çimentaş 
Education and 
Health 
Foundation  
(Page 183) 
Community 
engagement 
UN SDGs Target Detailed description 2023 Results Deadline and progress Pages Impacted Material Topic
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 

Page 28:
Cement plant in Aalborg, Denmark
26
UN GLOBAL COMPACT  
 
In July 2022 Cementir Holding N.V. became a member of the UN Global Compact, by 
making a formal commitment to supporting it and its principles.  
The Group is among approximately 15,000 signatory companies who are committed 
to working every day to develop a more responsible business, respectful of human 
and labour rights, promoting environmental protection and anti-corruption initiatives.  
Entering into such an international and active environment, in addition to reflecting 
the very nature of the company, enables the Group to better pursue the achievement of 
the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) by 2030. 
It also provides guidelines, tools, local networks and best practices that quickly turn into useful insights and 
improvements for the Group as a whole.  
Cementir's membership in the UN Global Compact, consistent with its corporate strategy, was also an 
inevitable step towards further solidifying its day-to-day commitment to sustainable development.  
 
 
THE FIRST YEAR OF MEMBERSHIP  
 
Although it is only a voluntary practice for 2023, Cementir has decided to publicly disclose the company’s 2022 
data on the official UN Global Compact’s platform - CoP (Communication on Progress).  
Specifically, the Group has renewed its ongoing commitment towards the UN Global Compact’s Principles by 
signing the CEO Statement of Continued Support. 
In addition, through the official platform, available only for UN Global Compact members, the Group disclosed 
information on five main areas (Governance, Human Rights, Labour, Environment, Anti-Corruption).  
The disclosure on CoP enables measurement and tracking of the company’s progress on the actual 
implementation of the UN Global Compact’s Ten Principles and of the Sustainable Development Goals over years. 
It also enables comparison with other members to bridge gaps and improve its performance. 


Page 29:
3 The target boundary includes land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
SCIENCE BASED TARGETS INITIATIVE (SBTI)  
 
Cementir is committed to developing a business model in line with the 
sustainability strategic goals and the CO2 emission reduction targets judged by 
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) to be consistent with a 1.5°C world. 
In February 2024, the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) validated that the 
CO2 reduction targets for the near-term (2030) and long-term (2050) defined 
by Cementir are in line with the 1.5°C Scenario. SBTi disclosed the approval 
of the target on February 29, 2024. 
 
Overall Net-Zero Target 
Cementir Holding N.V. commits to achieving net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across the value chain by 2050. 
 
Near-Term Targets 
Cementir Holding N.V. commits to reduce gross scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 29.33% per ton of cementitious product 
by 2030 from a 2021 base year. Cementir Holding N.V. commits to reduce gross scope 3 GHG emissions from 
purchased goods and services 23.00% per ton of purchased clinker and cement by 2030 from a 2021 base year.    
 
Long-Term Targets 
Cementir Holding N.V. commits to reducing its gross Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 96.1% per ton of cement 
by 2050 from a 2021 base year. Cementir Holding N.V. commits to reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions 
90% by 2050 from a 2021 base year3. 
 
 
ESG RATINGS 
 
In recent years ESG ratings have become increasing significant and enable external stakeholders to have a 
comprehensive view of the company’s approach to environmental, social and governance issues. Furthermore, 
these ESG issues also drive investment decision and are instrumental in defining sustainable investment 
strategies.  
The annual participation of Cementir in both solicited and unsolicited ESG ratings is always a valuable 
opportunity to improve overall. The process followed by the company for each rating leads to deep internal 
analysis, a significant reshaping of its actions and often an awareness of the multitude of best practices 
adopted.     
Cementir’s ESG ratings for 2023 provided both confirmation in many cases and improvements in many others, 
including, for example, rising to ‘A’ in the MSCI rating and to ‘A-’ in the Refinitiv rating.  The results achieved 
demonstrate the strong commitment of the Group to sustainability as well as the many actions implemented 
over time to improve its positive impact on society as a whole. 
Following, a selection of Cementir’s ESG ratings.  
 
27


Page 30:
28
CDP Climate  
Change
In 2023, for the third year in a row Cementir Holding 
N.V. has been confirmed leader with the ‘A-’ rating for 
Climate Change from CDP, ranking above the 
European average (B) and the cement & concrete 
sector average (B).
   A-              A-               A-
ESG ratings Description
In 2023, Cementir has also been confirmed leader in 
CDP Water Security with an ‘A-’ score for the second 
year in a row ranking above the sector (B) and 
European average (C).
  B                A-               A-
In 2023, Cementir improved its score, ranking 10th out 
of a total of 119 companies in the construction 
material sector. 
  B               B+              A-
CDP Water  
Security
In September 2023, the MSCI ESG rating improved, for 
the first time, the rating with Cementir rising to an ‘A’ 
rating.
BBB           BBB              A
  Not           C+            C+  
Scored      Prime       Prime
In 2022, Cementir received a C+ Prime, rating above 
the average for industry peers. Companies are 
categorised as Prime if they exceed the sustainability 
performance requirements defined by ISS ESG for a 
specific industry (absolute best-in-class approach) in 
the ESG Corporate Rating.
  Not        55/100     55/100 
Scored
Cementir improved its score, obtaining 55/100 and 
thus placing 6th out of 25 in its sector with a company 
reporting rate of 89%, compared to the sector average 
of 75% (% of KPIs disclosed in relation to the KPIs 
evaluated by Moody’s). 
57/100     64/100     70/100 In 2022, Cementir was scored 70/100 by EthiFinance. 
54/100     57/100     52/100 In 2023, Cementir received a score of 52/100. The 
questionnaire assesses the degree of integration of 
ESG factors into company strategies.
52/100     54/100     56/100 Cementir has been scored 56/100 in the 2023 S&P 
Global Corporate S ustainability Assessment (CSA 
score), ranking 21st out of a total of 123 companies in 
the Construction Materials Sector. 
                                     Rating 
                 2021             2022             2023

Page 31:
Oksenvad gravel pit, Denmark

Page 32:
Ready-mix plant in Denmark

Page 33:
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
1
             32   The Cementir Group 
             34   Group strategy  
            36  Global presence 
            38  Revenue from sales and services by geographical segment 
             39  How cement is made 
             40  Leader in white cement 
             41  Difference between grey and white cement  
             43  Market differentiation between white and grey cement 
             45  Effect of white cement on global warming and human safety 
             47  Grey cement  
             47  InWhite® 
             47   Production of ready-mixed concrete  
             48  Aggregates and cement products 
             49   Sustainable products 
             49  FUTURECEM®, a limestone calcined clay technology 
             50  Other low-carbon cements 
            50  D-Carb: decarbonisation of Aalborg White® 
             51  Low-carbon and sustainable concrete 
            53  Environmental Product Declaration (EPD) 
            53   Cementir quality system 
             54   Customer engagement 
             54  Towards direct relationship-building 
            55  White-Hub 
            56  E-Learning 
             56  Hearing the Voice of the Customer and measuring performance  
             57   EU Taxonomy  
             57   Eligibility Assessment 
             60  Alignment Assessment 
             61  Substantial Contribution and Do No Significant Harm (DNSH) 
             64  Minimum Safeguards 
             64  Indicators and accounting policies 
             65  Turnover  
             65  CapEx  
             66  OpEx 
             66  Taxonomy templates 
             72   Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures - TCFD 
             72   Overview  
             72   Governance   
             73   Strategy    
             74   Risk management    
             74   Metrics and targets  
             75   Cementir Roadmap 2030 
             75   Our 2030 commitment in numbers  
            76   Our key actions for the 2024-2030 period 
             79   Carbon Capture Technologies currently investigated by Cementir 
             84   Main investments needed to achieve CO₂ reduction targets  
             85   2050 ambition  
             86   Value chain engagement 
             86   The impact of the value chain on climate change and water security 
             87   Supplier Code of Conduct 
             88   Our commitment on carbon-related public policy 
             89   Governance 
             89   The Corporate Governance system  
             90   Nomination and selection processes of highest corporate body and its committees 
             91   Evaluation of Board’s performance 
             93   Composition of the Board 
             94   The Sustainability Governance system 
             97   Role of the Board of Directors in overseeing the management of Cementir’s impacts 
             99   Processes for ensuring that conflicts of interest are prevented 
           100   Internal Audit 
           100   Integrity and competition  
           101   The Code of Ethics 
           103   Commitment to fighting corruption 
           103   Commitment to Human Rights  
           104   Human rights audits performed in 2023 
           105   Commitment to Diversity Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 
           105   Diversity, Equity and Inclusion audits performed in 2023 
           106   Code of Ethics, Human Rights, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Awareness Survey 
           106   Cementir Holding Antitrust Programme 
           106   Relevant litigation 
           107   Cybersecurity  
           108   Risk Management Framework  
           108   Internal Control and Risk Management System 
           111   Risk Categories 
           113   Internal Control System for Fraud Risk Management  
          114   Main risks to which the Group is exposed 
          114   Strategic Risks 
          116   Financial Risks 
          116   Operational Risks 
          117   Compliance Risks 
           118   Climate risks 
           119   Climate-related scenario analysis 
           121   Chronic and acute physical phenomena 
           124   Transition risks and related opportunities

Page 34:
32
Cementir Holding is a multinational company with registered offices in the Netherlands, listed on the Euronext 
Star Milan segment, operating in the building materials sector, and focused on four main business lines: grey 
cement, white cement, ready-mixed concrete and aggregates. With over 3,000 employees, Cementir is the 
global leader in the white cement niche segment, the leading producer of cement in Denmark and of ready-
mixed concrete in the Scandinavian area, the third largest producer in Belgium and among the main 
international players in Türkiye, with two listed companies on the Istanbul Stock Exchange. In Belgium, the 
Group operates one of the largest aggregate quarries in Europe, while in Türkiye is active in the processing of 
industrial waste, used to produce waste-derived fuel for cement plants. 
Cementir pursues a sustainable growth strategy, focusing on product leadership, the pursuit of excellence 
and the efficiency of operating processes. In the last two years the Group has achieved important ESG 
recognitions, including the validation of its 2030 and 2050 decarbonization objectives by the Science Based 
Target initiative (SBTi) and an ‘A-’ rating by CDP on both climate change and water security. The Group also 
holds an investment grade BBB- financial rating with stable outlook from Standard & Poor's. 
Since 1992 Cementir has been part of the Caltagirone Group, one of the leading business groups in Italy with 
activities ranging from real estate to construction, from publishing to finance. 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
4 The number of total employees includes 100% of SCT as described into the methodology note.
13.1
(million t) 
CEMENT PRODUCTION 
CAPACITY
11
CEMENT PLANTS
101
READY-MIXED
CONCRETE PLANTS
1,694 
(million/€)
REVENUE
411
(million/€)
EBITDA
3,086
4
EMPLOYEES

Page 35:
33
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
VALUES
SUSTAINABILITY
We believe that there can be no success without respect for the environment: we are 
responsible to the communities in which we live and work, safeguarding the environment and 
natural resources.
DYNAMISM
We look beyond, to anticipate and seize the best market opportunities. Being dynamic and 
flexible is what makes us unique and allows us to respond quickly to the needs of our 
customers.
QUALITY
We are committed every day and invest to improve the quality of our products, constantly 
innovating our offer. We focus on the needs of our customers while maintaining the highest 
quality standards. We pursue the efficiency and effectiveness of our processes.
VALUE OF PEOPLE  
We build long-term relationships with our employees and stakeholders. We have a 
responsibility to ensuring a healthy and safe working environment and to recognize the 
merits and skills of each individual.  
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
We consider diversity and inclusion a great resource. We work every day in a multicultural 
workplace and we value diversity at all levels of the organization.  
IDENTITY
We are an international 
group aspiring to be 
product leader who 
believes that the constant 
search for quality in every 
business process is key to 
success. 
We are a dynamic Group, 
constantly looking for new 
opportunities, who gives 
importance to the 
development of our 
employees, of the 
community in which we 
operate and to the value 
creation for our 
shareholders. 
We believe in sustainable 
development and in 
diversity as a fundamental 
value of our activity.
VISION
We want to keep our 
uniqueness on the market 
by focusing on innovation, 
sustainable solutions and 
business diversification. 
We are concrete.
At the same time, we 
want to create value 
thanks to an agile 
organization, capable of 
taking advantage of 
growth opportunities, 
respecting the 
environment and 
promoting dialogue and 
interaction with local 
communities. We are 
dynamic. 
We are Concretely 
Dynamic.
MISSION
Our Mission is to 
generate value for our 
stakeholders through a 
path of sustainable 
growth by focusing on 
product leadership, the 
pursuit of excellence and 
the efficiency of 
operating processes.

Page 36:
34
GROUP STRATEGY   
 
Cementir pursues a sustainable growth strategy aimed at generating value for all stakeholders and based on 
five strategic priorities, set in the Group Industrial Plan: Sustainability, Innovation, Competitiveness Improve-
ment, Growth and Positioning, Enhancement of people. 
 
 
SUSTAINABILITY  
Cementir is committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, defining 
sustainability objectives consistent with those of the United Nations to 
promote the circular economy, reduce the impact on the environment, give 
value to people and communities, and promote health and safety in the 
workplace. These ESG targets are embedded in the Group strategic 
objectives and management’s incentive schemes. 
The Group decarbonization strategy includes an investment program to 
reduce carbon emissions in cement production through a number of 
initiatives, including: the reduction of clinker content in cement, the greater 
use of less polluting or alternative fuels; the recycling and reuse of 
materials; the optimization of thermal efficiency. A series of initiatives are 
also envisaged to reduce the climate impact of transport, procurement, 
logistics and the optimization of water resources usage in the production 
process.  
The 2030 Plan assumes the implementation of a carbon capture and storage 
(CCS) technology both in Denmark, where the Group has started a second 
pilot project financed in part by the Danish Innovation Fund, and in Belgium, 
and the establishment of long-term Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) 
for the direct purchase of electricity from renewable projects. 
 
INNOVATION  
The Group is progressively increasing the production of new low carbon 
cements and other sustainable and high added value products such as 
FUTURECEM®, which enables clinker content reduction thus cutting CO 2 
emissions by approximately 30%. In addition to the aforementioned pilot 
projects for Carbon Capture, Usage and Storage, with the participation of 
leading industrial and technological partners, other initiatives include the 
adoption of artificial intelligence solutions in the production, commercial 
and supply chain sectors. 

Page 37:
35
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
IMPROVEMENT OF COMPETITIVENESS  
The Group is implementing a series of actions to further improve the 
profitability and operational efficiency of manufacturing and logistics 
processes, with process digitization initiatives, preventive and predictive 
maintenance, advanced production control systems, intelligent l ogistics, 
warehouse management and integrated digital sales planning. 
GROWTH AND POSITIONING 
Cementir continues to invest in strengthening vertical integration and its 
competitive position in the Nordic & Baltic, Belgium and Türkiye areas, as 
well as consolidating its global leadership in white cement with targeted 
actions in strategic markets.  
The Group is also ready to seize potential external growth opportunities in 
the core business. 
 
VALUING PEOPLE   
The Group's commitment is to further promote the culture of health and 
safety with the initiatives envisaged by the Zero Accidents program. It also 
intends to promote diversity and inclusion, the development of human 
capital and the valorization of skills, also through adequate evaluation and 
remuneration policies aimed at improving the performance of both the 
individual and the wider organization, including the achievement of 
sustainability objectives.

Page 38:
HOLDING AND SERVICES
Italy
NORTH AMERICA
USA
White cement production capacity: 0.26 million t
Cement plants: 2
Precast concrete plants: 1
Terminals: 32
BELGIUM/FRANCE
Belgium
Grey cement production capacity: 2.3 million t
Cement plants: 1
Ready-mixed concrete plants: 8
Terminals: 2
Quarries: 3
France
Ready-mixed concrete plants: 4
Terminals: 2
Grey cement
production capacity 
9.8 million t
White cement 
production capacity
3.3 million t
Grey cement 
sales
8.0 million t
White cement 
sales
2.7 million t
Ready-mixed 
concrete sales 
4.3 million m3
Aggregate 
sales 
9.4 million t
Cement 
plants
11
Terminals 
65
Ready-mixed 
concrete plants 
101
Precast 
concrete plants  
1
Quarries 
34
Waste management 
facilities 
1
GLOBAL PRESENCE
36

Page 39:
NORDIC & BALTIC
Denmark
Grey cement production capacity: 2.1 million t
White cement production capacity: 0.85 million t
Cement plants: 1 (7 kilns)
Ready-mixed concrete plants: 32
Terminals: 8
Quarries: 3
Norway
Ready-mixed concrete plants: 27
Terminals: 1
Sweden
Ready-mixed concrete plants: 9
Quarries: 5
Terminals: 1
Latvia
Terminals: 1
Iceland
Terminals: 2
Netherlands
Terminals: 1
Poland
Terminals: 1
HOLDING AND SERVICESHOLDING AND SERVICES
ItalyItaly
Secondary and operational office 
of Cementir Holding N.V.
TÜRKIYE
Türkiye
Grey cement production capacity: 5.4 million t
Cement plants: 4
Ready-mixed concrete plants: 21
Quarries: 19
Waste management facilities: 1
United Kingdom
Terminals: 1
EGYPT
White cement production capacity: 1.1 million t
Cement plants: 1
Quarries: 1
ASIA PACIFIC
China
White cement production capacity:0.75 million t
Cement plants: 1
Terminals: 4
Quarries: 1
Malaysia
White cement production capacity: 0.35 million t
Cement plants: 1
Terminals: 2
Quarries: 2
Australia
Terminals: 7
37
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP

Page 40:
38
REVENUE FROM SALES AND SERVICES BY GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENT 
Nordic&Baltic
35%
Belgium
19%
Egypt
3%
Asia Pacific
6%
Türkiye
17%
North America
9%
Holding and Services
11%
Nordic&Baltic
38%
Belgium
17%
Egypt
3%
Asia Pacific
7%
Türkiye
14%
North America
10%
Holding and Services
11%
2023 (Non- GAAP) 2022 (Non- GAAP)
[EUR’000] 2023 2022 Change % 
(Non-GAAP) (Non-GAAP) 
Nordic & Baltic 664,669 736,210 -9.7% 
Belgium 359,873 334,396 7.6% 
North America 182,840 196,370 -6.9% 
Türkiye 329,744 272,581 21.0% 
Egypt 50,255 57,113 -12.0% 
Asia Pacific 121,440 124,588 -2.5% 
Holding and Services 204,492 210,367 -2.8% 
Eliminations (218,675) (210,754) - 
Total revenue from sales and services 1,694,638 1,720,871 -1.5%  
Cement Plant in Izmir, Türkiye

Page 41:
39
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
The Cementir Group’s main area of operations is the production 
of cement. The process, which has been refined over the 
centuries, from the mortars of the Ancient Egyptians to early 
19th century industrial models, starts with natural raw materials 
such as limestone, gypsum and clay, which are extracted from 
natural quarries and then crushed. They are then portioned out, 
mixed with other elements and ground to obtain the ‘raw meal’.  
The raw meal is cooked at very high temperatures in special 
kilns, which are fuelled mainly by fossil fuels, in order to obtain 
a semi-finished product known as ‘clinker’, cement’s main 
component. Once cooled, clinker undergoes a process of 
grinding, mixing with gypsum and other mineral constituents 
(slag, fly ash, limestone, pozzolana), to obtain the various types 
of cement.  
Thanks to its strong industrial capacity and a comprehensive 
presence on international markets, in 2023 Cementir Holding 
distributed worldwide around 8.0 million tons of grey cement and 
around 2.7 million tons of white cement of various types and 
classes, produced in 11 plants located in Denmark, Belgium, 
Türkiye, Egypt, China, Malaysia and the US. 
How cement is made 
Xuan Paper Town in Anhui China, Aalborg White based  
White cast-in-situ concrete, constructed by Xuancheng Municipal Construction

Page 42:
40
LEADER IN WHITE CEMENT 
 
The Cementir Group is the world’s leading producer and exporter of white cement, with a 27% share of 
worldwide trade and a production capacity of over 3 million tons. With the Aalborg White® brand we are the 
leader in China, the United States, Western Europe, Australia, Malaysia and Egypt. 
Aalborg White® has always been identified with white cement, throughout the world. It is a pure, high-quality 
cement that can be found everywhere from Park Avenue skyscrapers in Manhattan, to the London Olympics 
structures and even the Lindholm Høje Museum in Nørresundby, Denmark5. 
The distinctive features of whit e cement are its col our and high levels of performance. The white colour is 
obtained through the use of highly pure and carefully selected raw materials, the use of complex production 
processes and an extremely rigorous quality control process which allow this material to be used in complex 
architectural designs and sophisticated aesthetic applications. 
What is special about the limestone used for manufacturing Aalborg White® is the lack of contamination from 
sand and clay, which makes it very pure and ideal for the production of white cement. The combination of this 
pure raw material, high-quality sands and kaolin, advanced technology, a specialised workforce and over 100 
years of experience have made Aalborg White® cement unique in the world for its properties such as high 
reflection, high mechanical performance, low alkali content and high resistance to sulphates. As the world 
leader in the white cement market with the Aalborg White® brand, Cementir offers a wide product range which 
meet the strictest international standards. Our industrial processes are inspired by the Group’s consolidated 
best practices that guarantee our customers a unique level of quality and reliability over time. Our research 
quality technical centre (RQT) has a worldwide r eputation for international patent s, awards and multiple 
collaborations with prestigious universities.
USA
EUROPE
ASIA
PACIFIC
CHINA
AUSTRALIA
5 Please see Projects | Cementir Holding N.V. for the main applications of our cements.

Page 43:
41
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN GREY AND WHITE CEMENT  
 
White and grey cement are two distinct products, with different applications and production methods. White 
cement should therefore be viewed as a separate product for the following reasons: 
• White cement is mainly used for high-performance applications, dry-mix products, mortars, special 
products and decorative purposes. Grey cement is widely used in ready mixed concrete as well as precast 
concrete. White cement supports the development of future sustainable cement-based technologies and 
products, responding to megatrends in construction such as the circular economy where, among others, 
enhanced durability, modularisation of construction, reduced work processes and reduced material usage, 
are essential.  
• White cement is a specialty product produced at a limited number of facilities and traded widely across 
borders inside and outside of the EU, as well as internally within Europe. Grey cement is a commodity which 
is often used close to the production site. 
• White cement applications have a number of benefits related to climate change.  
- The light colour reflects sunlight and thus reduces the ‘heat island effect’ in cities as well as the need for 
artificial cooling in buildings. White surfaces also reduce the need for lighting in tunnels. 
- The chemical purity of white cement, as a result of the refined raw materials used and strict production 
process management, enables the growth of unique, low-carbon concrete solutions and products such 
as high- and ultra-high-performance concrete and glass fibre-reinforced concrete, where the usage of 
material is minimised to unprecedented levels (large cladding and structural wall components reduced 
to as little as 12 to 35 mm in thickness). These technologies are essential for efforts to reduce clinker 
consumption in buildings, by minimising material consumption.  
The many differences are summarised in the table on the next page. 
 
Navitas Science and Innovation building, Aarhus, Denmark

Page 44:
42
                                                                           White cement                                                   Grey cement
Applications  
(est. % of cement consumption by 
segment in Europe) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Market position 
 
Raw materials
• Dry mix/mortars/specialty products 
(50-70%) 
- Cement-based paint 
- Plaster 
- Grout, putty 
- Decorative concrete panels 
- Sealing products 
• Bricks, blocks and tiles (20-30%) 
- Terrazzo (up to 15% in 
Mediterranean countries) 
- Decorative bricks and tiles 
• In-situ and pre-cast concrete (10-20%) 
- Facade elements 
- Iconic buildings and other aesthetic 
applications 
 
 
Niche product 
 
• High grade, iron-poor chalk, limestone 
or marble 
• Kaolin, bauxite 
• Iron-poor sand (quartz sand, shifting 
sand, etc.)  
• Ready mixed and pre-cast concrete  
(55-65%) 
- Mass concrete for infrastructure 
works: dams, harbours, bridges, 
tunnels, culverts, road surfaces 
- Housing and industrial buildings 
• Bricks, blocks and tiles (30-40%) 
- Pipes 
- Paving stones, kerbs 
- Roofing tiles 
• Dry mix/mortars and other 
applications (5-10%) 
 
 
 
 
 
Commodity product 
 
• Locally available limestone or marl 
• Clay, shale, fly ash 
• Low-grade sand 
• Iron oxide, pyrite ash
(a): Concrete pipes
(c): Pre-cast concrete elements for a multi-storey dwelling
(b): In-situ cast concrete for a road bridge
Fig. 1: Examples of grey cement applications. 

Page 45:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
MARKET DIFFERENTIATION BETWEEN WHITE AND GREY CEMENT  
 
High and ultra-high-performance concrete, and glass fibre-reinforced concrete 
Responding to the megatrends in construction such as fast-rise, mass-customisation, the circular economy, 
maximised energy efficiency, minimising on-site operations, maximising performance and durability at reduced 
material consumption, etc., advanced technologies previously regarded as ‘unnecessary’ are rapidly growing 
in terms of applications and volumes, providing unique value propositions. These are empowered by the purity 
and high performance of white cement and bringing solutions to the market with unprecedented performance.   
 
 
White and coloured mortars  
Cement-based plasters and mortars are used for covering facades, swimming pools and in general to reduce 
painting requirements, and maximising possibilities in terms of surface texture and expression. Because of its 
high durability, much less maintenance is needed than painted surfaces.  
White cement is usually a key ingredient. 
 
 
 
Renders, joint fillers and tile adhesives  
The complex formulation of these construction materials is usually based on white cement thanks to its high 
performance. 
 
 
 
Exterior facade panels and decorative coating stones  
White cement is also used in products such as floor tiles, kerbstones and prefabricated stairs, balconies and 
windowsills. Additionally, applications such as white briquette and white press brick, concrete grids and pool 
edges are also areas of use. 
 
 
 
Works of art and street furniture 
Concrete sculptures, monuments and the restoration of archaeological sites are usually made or carried out 
using white cement, leveraging its whiteness as well as high performance. 
 
 
 
Pre-cast and concrete elements  
Use of white cement is a more durable alternative than paint in applications where colours are required. 
Furthermore, white cement, thanks to its high early strength, allows fast production speed in concrete and 
prefabricated applications, resulting in costs reductions. It has been used in iconic buildings and remarkable 
public constructions (bridges, railway stations, stadiums, etc.). 
 
 
 
Terrazzo and artificial stones 
In the production of terrazzo, artificial stones and marble, the external-coloured layer is a fine white cement-
based mixture that may have coloured pigments added to it. Bright colours can be achieved only by using white 
cement and the production of coloured terrazzo would be impossible without it. 
43
Tile adhesive
Exterior facade panels 
and decorative coating 
stones, Belgium
Works of art and  
street furniture
Pre-cast and concrete 
elements, Couldrey house, 
Australia
Terrazzo and  
artificial stones
White and  
coloured mortars
Ultra-high performance 
concrete, He Fei Wan Ke 
Cultural Central Park, China

Page 46:
Markets 
The different applications for white and grey cement are reflected in the estimated market segments for the two 
products (Fig. 2). The product applications are also different within the segments, for example terrazzo being a major 
component in the ‘brick, blocks and tiles’ segment for white cement, whereas concrete pipes and paving stones 
comprise a large portion of the same segment for grey cement. 
 
Fig. 2: Estimated market segments for white and grey cement6. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade 
Grey cement is a commodity product, manufactured at many locations close to the market. On the other 
hand, white cement is a high-value product which is produced at relatively few, dedicated plants located 
close to the appropriate raw materials. White cement is theref ore traded across borders to a much greater 
extent than grey.  
 
 
6 For white, the dry-mix segment has the lion’s share in the ‘others’ group.
44
White Grey
Pre cast concrete
35%
Ready-mix concrete
4%
Others
62%
Pre cast concrete
20%
Ready-mix concrete
56%
Others
24%

Page 47:
45
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
EFFECT OF WHITE CEMENT ON GLOBAL WARMING 
AND HUMAN SAFETY  
 
Light-coloured surfaces reflect much more sunlight than dark-
coloured surfaces. Providing more reflective surfaces, such as 
light-coloured roofs, walls and pavements, therefore results in 
more energy reflected back into space, resulting in less warming. 
Locally, this effect is especially significant in cities which tend 
to become unbearably hot during the summer. Substituting 
dark roofs, walls and pavements with white ones significantly 
reduces this ‘heat island effect’.  
Furthermore, it is estimated that 40% of the total energy consumed around the world is used in building air 
conditioning. This energy consumption can be reduced significantly by lighter colouration of the facades and 
roofs of buildings. This way, more solar energy will be reflected and the temperature inside the buildings will 
drop, reducing the need for air conditioning. Recent studies have shown that an increase in the albedo (measure 
of the fraction of reflected incident sunlight) of urban surfaces could save, in the US alone, energy with an 
economic cost up to $3 billion and reduce the global temperature by 0.01ºC each year (Akbari et al., 2006). 
Applying the same methodology as used in Akbari’s study to buildings, the energy consumption of a building 
according to the colour of the facade can be estimated. The result indicates that the CO2 savings from using 
white concrete walls in constructing an office building with the dimensions 15 x 15 x 20 m would be 
approximately 27 tons annually (see Annex C). Assuming that 28 tons of white cement is used for the building 
and that the CO2 emissions associated with this production is 1.2 tons CO 2 per ton of white cement, the CO 2 
savings will be greater than the emissions associated with the cement production in under two years. 
 
Fig. 3: Illustration of the albedo effect.
The energy 
consumption can be 
reduced significantly by 
lighter colouration of 
the facades and roofs 
of buildings
Corrugate Roof 
0.10-0.15
Colored 
0.15-0.35
White 
0.50-0.90
Highly Reflective Roof 
0.60-0.70
Brick/Stone 
0.20-0.40Trees 
0.15-0.18
Grass 
0.25-0.30
Asphalt 
0.05-0.20
Concrete 
0.25-0.70
Red/Brown Tile 
0.10-0.35

Page 48:
Another area where the use of white cement products is beneficial is in tunnels and industrial warehouses, 
where increased reflection will result in significant energy savings in artificial lighting. White cement 
plaster, panels or floorings strongly reduce the need for artificial lighting, reducing the need for electricity 
for this purpose (Fig. 4). 
 
 
White cement has an important use in road barriers, sound barriers and other road equipment, where the 
white colour increases visibility. This is especially significant under wet conditions, where grey concrete 
road barriers will appear almost black (Fig. 5). Painting grey road barriers white is not a safe option, as 
the paint will wear off and require frequent repainting (which rarely happens) (Fig. 6). 
46
Fig. 4: Application of white cement-based panels reduces need for 
lighting in an underground tunnel
Fig. 5: Concrete road barriers made using grey and white cement, 
respectively, illustrating the improved visibility of white concrete under 
wet conditions
Fig. 6: Grey concrete road barriers painted white. This Illustrates the 
safety hazard and additional costs needed for repainting the road 
barriers

Page 49:
47
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
GREY CEMENT 
 
Cementir produces and distributes all types of grey cement, which are classified by type (based on the composition 
of clinker and other constituents such as blast furnace slag, microsilica, pozzolana, ash, calcined shale, limestone 
and secondary ingredients) and by class based on mechanical compressive strengths.  
All the products follow rigorous industrial processes and Group consolidated best practices in order to guarantee 
consistent quality to our customers over time. 
The wide range of cement offered allows customers to fulfil all the requirements for the different durability classes 
in concrete as well as to meet the needs of their production processes.    
Since 2021, Cementir Holding, leveraging limestone and calcined clay, has been producing FUTURECEM® in 
Denmark and Belgium, being at the forefront of this innovative technology. 
 
 
INWHITE®  
 
The Cementir Group established a global innovation engine for white cement, InWhite®, with the purpose of 
generating a prioritised and actionable pipeline of high potential customer value proposition global initiatives, bringing 
new solutions for well-known applications, or completely new applications for white cement-based products, aligned 
with megatrends detected in society, such as customisation, the circular economy and high-energy efficient solutions. 
The InWhite® process benefits from the Group’s global knowledge of both well-established and emerging 
applications for white cement and the technical expertise of its internationally acclaimed R&D centre located 
in Aalborg, Denmark. 
The Aalborg InWhite Solution® has become the umbrella brand for commercialised high-added value and 
high-performing products like UHPC (Ultra High-Performance Concrete), 3D Concrete Printing and others, 
identified and developed under InWhite® initiatives, that Cementir Holding provides to the building industry. 
Within its innovation pipeline, under InWhite ®, in late 2019 the Cementir Group launched innovative UHPC 
pre-mixes Aalborg Extreme ® for infrastructure applications and Aalborg Excel ® for more aesthetic and 
sophisticated applications. In order to meet customer’s needs for UHPC in the Far East region, Aalborg Excel® 
has also been produced in our plant in Malaysia since 2023. 
All InWhite® products are based on FUTURECEM® technology. 
 
 
PRODUCTION OF READY-MIXED CONCRETE  
 
In 2023, Cementir Holding produced and distributed 4.3 million cubic metres of ready-mix concrete of all types 
and classes. Ready-mix concrete is widely used in construction and is made of a mixture of cement and 
aggregates like sand, gravel, water and any additives. The aggregates serve as bulk, while the cement, reacting 
chemically with water, serves to bond the other elements. In some cases, admixtures of various kinds are diluted 
in water and added to obtain specific results or performances, for example greater fluidity or rapid setting.  
Ready-mix concrete is made and pre-packed in plants known as concrete mixing plants where the mixture is 
dosed in special equipment. The mixing stage may take place directly at the plant (using premixers) or during 
transport using special vehicles (mixer trucks) that continuously mix the product so that it maintains its fluidity, 
which is essential for building work. When the ready-mix concrete reaches the building site, it is ready for 
use, i.e., the ‘pouring’ phase. Often, before being ‘poured’, the ready-mix concrete is subjected to a special 
process known as ‘pumping’. This consists of a second transport phase through piping, which makes it much 
easier to reach elevated heights to form floor slabs, tunnels, etc. 
 

Page 50:
48
AGGREGATES AND CEMENT PRODUCTS  
 
Cementir Holding produces concrete products at Vianini Pipe Inc. plants in the US. These pre-stressed cement 
products consist of structural components for the building and transport industries, and include pipelines, jack 
pipes, blocks, tiles, railway sleepers, etc., produced using mechanical and hydraulic technologies with cement as 
a raw material.  
In Belgium, Denmark, Sweden and Türkiye Cementir Holding is also active in the production and distribution of 
aggregates to third parties. Aggregates are rocky materials such as gravel, sand and stone extracted from quarries 
and from the banks of rivers which are crushed and then used with hydraulic binders such as cement and lime in 
order to create concrete, mortar and other types of plaster. In many cases they are also used as structural elements 
in construction work.
Cement plant in Trakya, Türkiye

Page 51:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS   
FUTURECEM®, A LIMESTONE CALCINED CLAY TECHNOLOGY  
 
FUTURECEM® is the result of extensive applied research, which has been developed in recent years at the Cementir 
Group Research and Quality Centre located in Aalborg. It covers the entire value chain: from raw material 
assessment, manufacturing technology, up to concrete technology. 
FUTURECEM® is based on an innovative, validated and proven technology which allows more than 35% of clinker 
in cement to be substituted with limestone and calcined clay. Leveraging their unique synergy, the material 
combination in FUTURECEM® has resulted in a more sustainable and performing cement with 
up to 30% lower carbon footprint compared to ordinary Portland cement. The low carbon benefits 
of FUTURECEM® are also achieved while preserving strength and quality. 
FUTURECEM®  is fully recognised as a solution for clinker ratio reduction in the roadmap for Low-
Carbon Transition in the Cement Industry by the International Energy Agency - 2018 and as ‘low 
clinker cements’ in the Cementing the European Green Deal - 2020, making the Cementir Group the 
forerunner. Lower clinker cements (cembureau.eu). 
It is also formally recognised in EU standard EN 197-5 for even further clinker substitution with 
II/C-M cements (up to 50%). 
A milestone in the development of FUTURECEM® technology was the Danish ‘Green Concrete II’ (Green 
Transformation of Cement and Concrete Production) project, which concluded in 2019: the entire value chain of construction 
and building materials, as well as universities and research institutes were actively involved.  
Cements based on FUTURECEM® technology as well as concrete recipes were developed and tested in full-scale 
constructions:  infrastructure elements (two bridges) and an indoor floor and wall in the new concrete laboratory 
at the Danish Technological Institute. 
FUTURECEM® is a key contributor to the green transition for the concrete, construction and cement-based 
industries in general. 
Since January 2021, FUTURECEM® has been available on the market in Denmark, placing the Cementir Group at 
the forefront as the market leader in sustainable and low carbon cement, based on limestone calcined clay 
technology. The sales forecast was fully met in 2022.  
FUTURECEM® has been primarily focused on the RMC segment. Customers within this segment use the special 
properties of FUTURECEM® to make concrete more stable against variations in consistency and easier to pump, 
which is usually a challenge with the rather cement-poor concrete used in Denmark.  
Along with RMC, several Danish concrete precast producers are implementing FUTURECEM® in their production through 
a complete testing programme on site. The main difference perceived is the light-brown colour of the concrete, which is 
considered as a seal of quality and visible proof for builders to demonstrate the sustainable nature of their building. 
FUTURECEM® has been used in RMC and concrete elements for the ambitious sustainable building UN17 Village 
in Ørestad, Copenhagen with more than 500 apartments. When completed in 2024, it will be known as the world's 
first housing project integrating all 17 UN Global Goals in the same building. 
A total of 4,880 m2 FUTURECEM® was also used in RMC for the Bjarke Ingels Group HQ office, which opened in 
2023 and is set to be awarded the DGNB Gold certificate. The use of Uni-Green - a new type of concrete based on 
FUTURECEM® from Cementir Group subsidiary, Unicon has resulted in a CO2 reduction of approx. 25%, equivalent 
to a CO2 footprint of 11.3kg CO2 eq./m2/year. 
In CCB, FUTURECEM® in 2023 has been fully commercialised in the reference markets (France and Belgium) 
thanks to the achievement of the ATG (Agrément Technique) certification which allows the use in concrete accordingto 
Belgium standards. ATG has been required as an extra certification in Belgium, because CCB is a pioneer with 
limestone calcined clay cement in Belgium.  
49
FUTURECEM® has 
resulted in more 
sustainable and 
performing cement with 
up 30% lower carbon 
footprint compared to 
ordinary Portland cement

Page 52:
Thanks to this development, CCB has been able to start exploiting new applications as well as the ready-mixconcrete 
market in the most relevant exposure classes. The interest in FUTURECEM® is also growing in the technical academy 
(i.e University of Mons) with some research in other countries and public authorities (i.e. Genie Civil France). 
It is also included in the ‘Blocs B40 for low carbon concrete’ research project, led by the CERIB.  
In collaboration with customers, FUTURECEM® is now a reference to be further implemented in precast elements: 
the precast sector is in fact a leading consumer of this type of cement. 
Internally in CCB Béton, FUTURECEM® implementation has been continuing. 
 
 
OTHER LOW-CARBON CEMENTS 
 
Along with FUTURECEM®, the Cementir Group produces blended cement by leveraging on the main Supplementary 
Cementing Materials (SCMs) such as fly ashes, granulated blast furnace slag and pozzolana in order to offer low 
carbon solutions to customers as well as to strive towards the CO2 emission reduction target.  
In Nordic & Baltic region, Aalborg Portland has been continuing its strategy to replace CEM I with CEM II/A and 
CEM II/B and also extending the focus on both concrete products and precast elements. 
In 2023, CCB has almost completed phasing-out CEM I 52,5R replacing it with CEM II/A-LL 52.5R to provide a 
reduced emission cement for the precast sector.  
As part of further developments specific feasibility studies (market and industrial) on type II/C cement are ongoing 
in order to extend the low-carbon cement offer for end customers. 
Çimentaş, Cementir Group subsidiary in Türkiye, has been pursuing a strategy to reduce carbon emissions for its 
products, by transitioning from CEM I to CEM II/A and CEM II/B in all the region in 2023. 
Additionally in 2023, Çimentaş launched “MINERALIN”, which is a CEM IV/B cement, for use as a secondary binder 
for ready-mix concrete producers due to difficulty in accessing fly ash. MINERALIN is used together with CEM I 
and CEM II cements, minimising the use of clinker in concrete, and lowering the embedded carbon. Further low 
carbon products are under evaluation in all the regions with specific projects involving all the value chain. 
 
 
D-CARB: DECARBONISATION OF AALBORG WHITE®  
 
Addressing white cement challenges in reducing carbon emissions, Cementir is introducing 
D-Carb, representing a continuous and consistent decarbonisation effort for Aalborg White. As a leader in white 
cement, Cementir has embraced the challenge of lowering cement's carbon footprint within the constraints linked to 
colour and performance requirements. Leveraging long-term expertise in research & development and industrial 
production, a comprehensive investigation was carried out, starting from customer needs, and looking upstream to 
the entire value chain, encompassing clinker and cement composition, production and raw materials selection. 
To provide customers with more than just a product, technical collaborations were established with leading 
companies in the admixtures sector as well as with loyal customers. Fast-prototyping techniques were deployed, 
involving extensive experimentation at lab and full-scale trial levels. This approach allowed the transformation of 
a proven concept into an industrial reality: the D-Carb family. 
D-Carb by Cementir Group is a new umbrella brand for low-carbon cements and solutions, supporting industry-
wide decarbonisation efforts. The first product under this brand, a CEM II/A-LL 52.5R produced in Aalborg, is set 
to launch in Q1/2024 in bulk and bags, expanding our product offerings in Europe. This product, with a documented 
15% reduction in emissions verified by a third-party Environmental Product Declaration, exhibits outstanding 
performances at early ages comparable to CEM I. Moreover, it offers improved rheology and whiteness in certain 
applications. The well-known interaction between Aalborg White® clinker and limestone has been optimised, 
leveraging in-house expanded expertise in white cement. 
50


Page 53:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
This high-quality standard enables our customers to consider replacing CEM I in their manufacturing processes 
after a specific testing programme. No incompatibility with admixtures has been experienced during the extensive 
experimental phase. The Cementir Group will continue its customer-centric approach, with our technical experts 
are equipped to guide customers in adopting this new product and integrating it into their production processes. 
As part of the Cementir Group's overarching roadmap, ongoing evaluations are under way to boost the D-Carb 
offering within the low-carbon cement range. Cementir Group is committed to leading the way in sustainable 
cement production, contributing to a more sustainable future for the construction industry. 
 
 
LOW-CARBON AND SUSTAINABLE CONCRETE  
 
The Cementir Group is also promoting a more eco-sustainable RMC (Ready-mix concrete) offer, down to the value 
chain, by leveraging circularity (use of recycled aggregates) and reduced CO2 emission footprint (FUTURECEM® 
technology and other blended cements). 
Below are some conceptual examples of the Group's commitment to this issue and specifically the experience of 
some subsidiaries. 
 
UNICON Denmark 
In 2023, with a continued focus on CO2-reductions, Unicon Denmark, the Cementir Group RMC company in Denmark, 
once again achieved a reduction in the total CO2-eqv. of 15% in Scope 1 and 2 compared to 2022. Furthermore, it reduced 
the total CO2 footprint through the “UNI-Green” concrete product series based on the low carbon cement FUTURECEM®. 
Unicon used FUTURECEM® with a conversion rate of 35% in 2023 compared to a rate of 20% in 2022. 
Unicon Denmark came a long way in 2023, making the UNI-Green series the new standard concrete, and at the 
same time developed a new UNI-GREEN PLUS product series, with the aim of further reductions in CO2 by using 
new recipe formulas, FUTURECEM® and utilizing 56-days strengths rather than the traditional 28-days strengths. 
The aim is a reduction of up to 50% in CO2-emissions or compared to comparable traditional concretes. 
Moving towards 2030, Unicon Denmark aims for a 70% CO2 reduction compared to 2019, in close collaboration with 
our Group R&D, internal stakeholders, customers and suppliers, participating in research and development projects.  
To document improvements in the CO2 footprint, Unicon Denmark produces third party verified environmental product 
declarations (EPDs) at product and/or project level. The product EPDs are made public, through lca.no using the 
same set-up as Unicon Norway.  
In 2023, Unicon Denmark reduced the total waste generated by 20,000 tons. This happened by both collaboration in 
the value chain as well as using supply chain integrations such as Kudsk & Dahl. The improvements follow Unicon’s 
zero-waste strategy which involves extending collaboration with industry partners and academic institutions to 
develop new methods for re-using waste. Additionally, Unicon participates in discussions that push the standards 
for use of recycled materials, as the use of these materials faces limitations that require new thresholds. 
In 2023 Unicon and Volvo Trucks presented the world's first electric truck and concrete semitrailer combination, with a 
range of up to 300 kilometres without recharging and load sizes of over 
11 cubic meters of ready-mix concrete possible. The all-electric 
combination is the first of a total of eight sets of the same type that 
will be deployed in Greater Copenhagen by April 2024. With this fleet, 
it will for the first time be possible to ensure emission-free delivery for 
even large castings with continuous deliveries to Zealand construction 
sites. The truck mixer sets, together with Unicon's Zealand truck fleet 
of mobile concrete pumps, which all run on the environmentally 
friendly fuel HVO, gives a unique opportunity to reduce emissions in 
connection with the delivery and pumping of ready-mix concrete. 
Hybrid truck of Unicon
51

Page 54:
52
UNICON Norway 
Unicon Norway, Cementir's RMC subsidiary in Norway, places a strong emphasis on sustainable solutions, aligning with 
Norway's market demand for materials with low Global Warming Potential (GWP), measured in CO2 equivalents, for both 
building and infrastructure projects. To further reduce CO2 emissions, it supplies all categories of low carbon concrete 
outlined in the Norwegian Concrete Association's publication no. 37. Notably, in 2023, there was a widespread increase in 
the use of low carbon ‘class A’ concrete, extending beyond the Oslo region. The Oslo market specifically is experiencing a 
growing demand for the ‘Extreme’ class, which uses CEM III/B-cement containing 65% Ground Granulated Blast Furnace 
Slag (GGBS). Cement production remains a pivotal factor in GWP for concrete, contributing 70-90% of  the  carbon footprint.  
Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs) serve as the foundation for GWP calculations, and Unicon Norway and 
Unicon Denmark have adopted the same tool (lca.no) for creating project specific EPDs. 
Apart from cement, aggregates constitute another key raw material in concrete production. Unicon Norway, in 
collaboration with Veidekke Sirkulær, a major construction company in Norway, has introduced recycled aggregates 
(RCA), derived from crushed concrete from building demolitions, as a commercial product. Unicon initiated its third 
project involving recycled aggregates in 2023.  
Taking effect from 1 January, 2023, a new chapter in pollution regulations for RMC came into force in Norway. The 
regulations mandate emissions control for water, noise, proper handling of concrete waste, and reporting to 
authorities. This aims to standardise environmental requirements, establish uniform practices, and ensure fair 
competition conditions throughout the country. Unicon Norway responded by updating environmental procedures 
for all 24 RMC plants to comply with the new legislation. 
Furthermore, Unicon Norway has reduced its environmental footprint through the introduction of a fleet of fully 
electric concrete trucks. Presently, the company operates three fully electric concrete trucks in Oslo, with five more 
anticipated to be operational by Q1 2024. Additionally, it has provided 10 trucks running on HVO (Hydrotreated 
Vegetable Oil) with conventional concrete drums, and 90% of its trucks comply with the Euro 6 standards, enabling 
HVO operation if necessary. In the Bergen and Trondheim regions, Unicon Norway has gained access to electric 
concrete pumps requiring a power supply on the construction site. 
 
CCB France and Belgium 
In 2023, CCB Béton in France and Belgium reduced its clinker ratio by 15%, exceeding the reduction target for 
2023/2024 of 10% in the clinker ratio in the RMC products. 
In 2024, specific studies will be carried out to optimise our C-GREEN-Neutral range in order to reduce the CO2 footprint of our 
products as much as possible by using other raw materials with low CO2 emissions like limestone filler, specific additives, etc. 
In 2023, CCB Béton obtained 8 Gold CSC certificates for its plants, in addition to the certifications obtained for 
aggregates and cement activities, but also renewed its Cradle-to-Cradle Certificate. 
The ambition for 2024 is to integrate the CO2 module issued from the CSC certification.  
Concretely, CCB Béton is launching a working group called the ‘Upcycling Project’, consisting of the reuse of returned 
concrete as a raw material to produce high-performance concrete. 
In 2023, 10% of the high-performance concrete production at CCB Bruxelles  is based on this circularity. 
In addition, recycled concrete aggregates have been available since 2023 at two plants as part of our ambition to promote 
the C-GREEN Recy range. The roll-out of those specific products will continue in 2024 with two additional plants. 
In the sustainability transition, CCB Béton converted two additional plants in 2023 (Mont-Saint-Guibert and Fouquières 
Les Lens) to renewable energy reaching a total of 5 plants supplied with renewable energy. 
 
ÇİMBETON  
In Türkiye, ÇİMBETON Işıkkent Ready-Mix Concrete Plant in 2023 was awarded “Bronze level” CSC certificate. 
Following the carbon reduction strategy, RMC plants in Izmir are using mainly cement II/B, while also using 
“MINERALIN”(CEM IV/B) at a ratio of 19% with respect to the amount of binder in the concrete in 2023. 

Page 55:
53
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
ENVIRONMENTAL PRODUCT DECLARATION (EPD) 
 
Taking a step back, EPD plays an important role in deepening Cementir’s commitment to low-carbon and 
sustainable concrete.  
An Environmental Product Declaration (EPD) is a document which transparently communicates the environmental 
performance or impact of any product or material over its lifetime. Some cement plants and some RMC plants 
have this specific acknowledgement.  
Specifically, Aalborg Portland Denmark’s products are almost fully covered with EPDs, while CCB has obtained 
them for its main products in 2023. In addition, Cementir’s European product offer for white cement, consisting of 
one from Aalborg and two from Sinai, is fully covered with EPDs. 
Regarding Ready-Mix Concrete, EPDs are available in Denmark and Norway. CCB aggregates and Ready-Mix 
Concrete have sectoral EPDs. 
 
 
CEMENTIR QUALITY SYSTEM  
All Cementir business units, including the cement plants in Türkiye, Belgium, 
Denmark, China, Malaysia, and the US, and the concrete batching plants in 
Europe and Türkiye, comply with the national requirements for quality 
management and production control with third-party verification. 
In addition to the ISO 9000 System, Cementir has Internal Quality management.  
A comprehensive Quality Policy and Quality management system is in place at the corporate level to ensure that 
all business units fully comply with external and group rules and procedures.  
The Internal Quality Policy is divided into three sections: ‘Organization and Guidelines’, which mainly provides 
definitions and the framework for the quality system, including the CON-CQ (Consistent Cement Quality) process; 
’Rules and Procedures’ mainly provides the rules for setting DoQs (Declaration of Quality) and other targets, testing 
proficiency requirements, common KPIs for benchmarking product quality performance and the quality system 
across the group and ’Reports’ which includes a database of all relevant technical reports and studies related to 
quality and the impact of the production process on quality, so that valuable information is retained and shared 
across the group. Quality management is developed to ensure a business model oriented towards customer 
satisfaction and continuously improving company performance. 
CON-CQ (CON-sistent Cement Quality) provides a framework for measuring and improving our performance.  
The CON-CQ system is organised into three different levels:  
1. Business Unit CON-CQ establishes procedures and organisation and ensures this is done consistently and 
maintained over time. It is sponsored by the Managing Director and led by the Technical Director (for multi-
plant BUs) or Plant Manager/Director (for single-plant BUs) with the participation of quality, production, and 
sales corporate functions. The meetings are held every four months. It defines the product portfolio and critical 
services, updates and defines the Declaration of Quality (DoQs), and the quality control programme based on 
relevant inputs (holding strategy and guidelines, market, competition, plant constraints, raw materials, etc.).  
It monitors and reviews DoQs compliance and testing proficiency. 
2. Plant CON-CQ, led by the plant manager and facilitated by the quality manager, is done monthly and ensures 
proper execution of product portfolio/services (production, quality control, etc.), compliance with DoQs, and a 
sufficient measurement system. The Plant CON-CQ identifies and addresses gaps/incidents/complaints. 
3. Quality Monthly meeting led by Corporate Quality function with the participation of Quality and laboratory plant 
managers to analyse the quality data situation of the plant and results of round robin tests. 
Six Sigma and Lean Six Sigma methodologies are also incorporated in most quality systems, sometimes with a 
80% 
Cement plants certified 
ISO 9000 
Quality Management system

Page 56:
dedicated Continuous Improvement Department, such as in Türkiye, where there are 14 certified green belts and 
one black belt, which processed 26 Six-Sigma projects in 2023. 
The Group Research and Quality Competence Centre (GRQCC) ensures a common framework for setting targets 
for process efficiency, cement performance and the Global Warming Potential (GWP) of the finished product placed 
on the market.  
Furthermore, the system is fully integrated with GRQCC’s responsibility for research and innovation, a prerequisite 
for achieving the company’s long-term CO2 emission reduction and environmental sustainability roadmap. 
GRQCC has two green belts and all projects follow the Six Sigma methodology. 
Finally, the central laboratory of GRQCC in Aalborg is EN ISO/IEC 17025 certified. The certification guarantees 
compliance with international standards, including environmental aspects. A certified laboratory assists with 
adhering to environmental regulatory requirements; by implementing this certification, the laboratory is committed 
to improving the quality of its activities and reducing the ecological impact of testing and calibration operations. It 
can also promote the adoption of sustainable practices in the industry, encouraging partners and clients to follow 
environmental quality standards. 
 
 
CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT   
TOWARDS DIRECT RELATIONSHIP-BUILDING  
 
Acting locally while remaining global can be clearly observed and is a distinctive 
component of the Cementir approach, pursuing the so-called ‘glocal’ strategy. 
The Group has developed its own more direct, closer and more ‘local’ business 
model, to improve customer support and to understand customers’ needs. The 
Group continues to grow internationally but remains focused on individual 
customer needs in local and regional markets. 
The strategic intention of having direct engagement with customers is well established in Europe and in most of 
the national markets in other regions (including Egypt, China, Australia, Malaysia and North America), where the 
Group is working and partnering with industrial customers.  
Close proximity and a synergistic approach - aimed at managing customers through various coordinated contact 
points (sales and marketing, supply chain, customer service, technical service, laboratory, etc.) - improves the 
Group’s visibility in the customer value chain.  
All of this is essential for allowing the Group to offer a differentiated and tailor-made value proposition, ranging 
from products to value-added services (complete logistics management, online software tools, online ordering, 
dedicated testing programs, etc.), as well as co-development and innovation initiatives.  
Targeting industrial users and the main decision makers in the construction sector, the Group has developed 
services and mobilised resources and expertise to provide a holistic view of both cost and environmental impact, 
thereby enabling customers to identify how best to optimise performance. Cementir values these close and 
reciprocal relationships, which are based on a shared desire to find the most sustainable and cost-effective 
solutions to solve complex challenges in material production and construction. 
The Group exports to over 70 markets and is working to further develop its direct approach to further enhance the 
Group's stable and sustainable position on the market. This strategic path was launched in recent years, with the 
aim of exploiting the full potential of structured and direct customer management. The Group has developed a 
comprehensive local sales and logistics network in more than 20 countries. 
Customers are indeed widely engaged with Cementir through specific customer events and seminars (in different 
formats: in-person, hybrid, live-online) focused on new trends and solutions for the construction and building 
materials industry as well as through our online resources (websites, blog, etc.) and social media presence with 
54
The Group has developed its 
own more direct, closer and 
more ‘local’ business 
model, to improve customer 
support and to understand 
customers’ needs

Page 57:
e-learning on our product performances and applications and to share the latest information and projects. 
Cementir has at various times acted as organiser, speaker and participant with its own stand, at both local and 
international level on several occasions.  
Aalborg Portland, in collaboration with Group sales, arranged AALBORG WHITE® OPEN 2023 which brought together 
customers and partners from across Europe, representing 12 different nationalities and 10 different languages. It was 
a fantastic opportunity to update people on the white cement market and learn about the latest sustainability and 
strategic initiatives, including upcoming new products in the Aalborg White® range and Aalborg InWhite® Solutions. 
The two days were filled with interesting presentations, fruitful open discussions, and intensive networking sessions. 
CCB, from the other hand, organised a seminar entitled “Concrete, on its way out?” which was attended by more than 200 
people.  At this, the company’s roadmap about decarbonization was presented, while several experts, stakeholders, 
sector association and developers shared their views on the future of the sector and concrete materials in particular. All 
participants expressed the need for a change in behaviours in a sector undergoing major transformation and innovation.  
In November 2023, Çimbeton, Group ready-mix company operating in Türkiye was invited to make a presentation 
entitled “Circular economy in RMC industry” at the BETON 2023 Congress held in İstanbul. Çimbeton shared its 
best practices and experiences of using blended cement (IDEALCEM) to reduce the carbon footprint of concrete.  
The appendix includes a full list of all seminars and exhibitions attended in the ‘Cementir Data tables’ section. 
WHITE-HUB 
 
White-Hub acts as an online community dedicated to Aalborg White® and InWhite® solutions, fostering connections 
between professionals in the building material and construction sectors. It stands out as the only global community 
focused on white cement, benefiting from Cementir’s unique geographic presence in different regions. 
In 2023, around 40 blogs were meticulously developed through the collaborative efforts of our in-house team, 
industrial experts, university professors, architects, contractor engineers, and our valued end-users, all coming from 
different regions and cultural backgrounds. The informative content spans diverse topics such as cutting-edge 
technologies and applications, sustainable practices, voice of customers and innovative trends in the industry. The 
platform facilitates mutual communications, allowing industrial users to stay informed about our local and global 
news while contributing their own content, establishing an influential ‘community of practice’ centred around white 
cement and its value chain.  
In line with our ‘glocal’ approach, the blogs have been translated into local languages, and distributed through our 
regional/local official media channels. The extensive reach has been further amplified through partnerships with 
industry associations’ media outlets, acting as a pivotal connection for local customers and industries to understand 
the footprints, achievements and developments of the Cementir at a global level. This approach has won acclaim 
and recognition in the sector, consolidating the  position of brand leader in the industry and customer loyalty. 
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
55
Blog
Points of contact 
with customers
In-person 
and online 
event Exhibitions 
and seminars
E-learning 
platform

Page 58:
E-LEARNING 
 
The eLearning platform functions as a vital communication tool, intimately connecting Cementir with its customers 
and industrial users over the globe, offering value added services tied to our products. This digital platform provides 
a flexible and convenient solution without any constraints related to geography, timing or costs. Courses are carefully 
designed based on a customer-driven approach, featuring insightful and in-depth educational content. This includes 
demonstrations of new products, inspiring applications and case studies, and the achievements and outlooks of our 
business through collaboration with in-house experts, innovators and pioneering industrial users, successfully 
enhancing our brand credibility.    
 
 
HEARING THE VOICE OF THE CUS TOMER AND MEASURING PERFORMANCE 
 
While operating in a fairly traditional sector, the Group has moved towards a more customer-oriented approach. The 
process started internally as a complex management process, for which management and teams received extensive 
training and were rewarded based on customer-driven goals and initiatives using ‘lean’ tools. 
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) models and systems have been impl emented. Today, sales and 
marketing teams use CRM worldwide to track, measure and develop the quality and results of each individual 
customer relationship, including anticipating their needs and business opportunities. 
Listening to and understanding the Voice of the Customer is a fundamental approach that begins with day-to-day 
customer management through each product delivery and extends into more sophisticated and customised activities. 
The approach aims to respond effectively and quickly to customers' needs and the problems that arise from feedback 
throughout the journey with the customer. A further objective is to integrate the understanding of customer needs 
into business processes and to use their feedback to build long-term strategies, inspire business decisions and 
promote continuous improvement.  
In addition to some transactional surveys and ‘informal’ monitoring of relationships as part of the entire Group’s 
day-to-day business, in Europe and Asia-Pacific (APAC), the Group also conducts a Voice of the Customer Survey 
(VoC) annually to measure customer satisfaction and engagement on product quality, services, innovation, 
relationships, sales processes, after-sales services and technical support. The results of this survey enable the 
Group to focus more on the customer in commercial operations. The organisation uses these important results to 
develop plans to optimise its value proposition and to further improve customer satisfaction. The survey also identifies 
areas for improvement and is oriented towards strategic inter-functional, inter-company and inter-regional initiatives, 
some of which are incorporated in the strategic project programme.  In 2023, our market perimeter remained 
constant, with enhanced content and greater surveying of populations. 
More specifically, in the VoC, among other indicators, Cementir applies the Net Promoter Score (NPS) and Customer 
Loyalty Score (CLS). These methodologies allow direct dialogue with customers, in order to continuously improve 
their experience and to increase their loyalty.  
In 2023, the overall NPS was 40.6. Targeted activities rolled out in the market helped to recover from  gap decline in 
the previous year, affected by particular and unique market conditions.  
Looking at the CLS in 2023, the overall index confirmed that customers feel very satisfied with Group products and 
services, for both the grey and white cement businesses and the score recorded was 94.9 higher than in 2022.
56

Page 59:
 
EU TAXONOMY   
The EU Taxonomy has been introduced by Regulation EU/2020/852 (also referred to as the «EU Taxonomy 
Regulation») as part of the European Commission's action plan to redirect capital flows towards a more 
sustainable economic system. The Taxonomy represents a classification system to establish which economic 
activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. The purpose of this Regulation is to protect private 
investors from greenwashing while simultaneously assisting companies in understanding what types of 
investments are required to make their business activities sustainable from an environmental standpoint. 
The six environmental objectives to which economic activities can potentially contribute as Taxonomy-eligible 
activities are:  
1) Climate Change Mitigation;  
2) Climate Change Adaptation; 
3) The Sustainable Use of Water and Marine Resources;  
4) The Transition to a Circular Economy;  
5) Pollution Prevention and Control; 
6) The Protection and Restoration of Biodiversity and Ecosystems.  
To be classified as Taxonomy-aligned, and therefore environmentally sustainable, eligible activities must:  
• substantially contribute to the achievement of at least one of the six aforementioned environmental objectives; 
• do not significantly harm (DNSH) any of the other environmental objectives;  
• comply with the minimum safeguards criteria pertaining to human and labour rights, bribery, taxation, and 
fair competition. 
Starting from their annual reports on fiscal year 2022, non-financial corporations were required to extend the 
analysis of eligibility conducted on fisc al year 2021 by reporting on the level of alignment of their economic 
activities. However, as of 2023, technical screening criteria had only been published with reference to the 
environmental objectives of climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation. Consequently, Cementir 
Group’s 2022 Taxonomy disclosure only focused on the requirements set out for the two climate-related 
environmental objectives. 
For the present disclosure on fiscal year 2023, the remaining environmental delegated acts having been published, 
the analysis includes the required screening of eligibility and alignment to the objectives of climate change 
mitigation and climate change adaptation plus the required screening of eligibility to the remaining objectives. On 
a voluntary basis, as detailed below, Cementir has also conducted the alignment analysis in relation to the identified 
eligible activity to the remaining environmental objectives. 
Looking ahead, the Group is closely monitoring the developments of the EU Taxonomy in relation to the possible 
development of a social and governance Taxonomy and to the compliance with the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive (CSRD) that will require to integrate the Taxonomy disclosure in a dedicated section of its 
Management Report.  
  
 
ELIGIBILITY ASSESSMENT  
 
In continuity with the activities performed in the previous years, Cementir conducted the eligibility assessment by 
associating the Group’s economic activities with the descriptions of the eligible activities provided by the Taxonomy 
Delegated Acts and used the activity codes of the Statistical Classification of Economic Activities in the European 
Community (NACE codes) as a guide. During this phase, only the inclusion of the Group’s economic activities 
among those listed by the delegated acts has been gauged, irrespectively of whether such activities were suitable 
to meet any of the technical screening criteria established by the Regulation. 
57
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP

Page 60:
From this analysis, Cementir Group identified the following eligible economic activities:  
 
 
The identified eligible activities are equivalent to the ones identified for fiscal year 2022 except for the inclusion of 
activity 2.1. Water Supply. The latter can contribute to  the objective of sustainable use of water and marine 
resources and its technical screening criteria have been made available in the newly delegated act containing the 
technical screening criteria for the remaining environmental objectives. As such, this inclusion needs to be 
understood as a natural progression in the application of the EU Taxonomy Regulation.  
An additional note should be made in relation to activities 5.5. Collection and transport of non-hazardous waste 
in source separated fractions and 5.9. Material recovery from non-hazardous waste that this year are limited to 
the legal entity of Sureko. 
Lastly, it should be emphasized that the economic activities that have not been identified as Taxonomy-eligible 
are simply not included in the EU Taxonomy Regulation at present and, therefore, do not constitute any form of 
non-compliance. This is the case for the production of white cement, ready-mix concrete, aggregates, and concrete 
products, activities which are not yet included in the Delegated Acts of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and represent 
61.88% of Cementir Group’s 2023 total turnover. 
Please find in the table reported in the next page the list of the Group’s legal entities linked to each eligible 
economic activity identified: 
58
Activity                                 Description                                                      Climate change      Climate change      Sustainable  
                                                                                                                           Mitigation                 Adaptation               use and  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 protection of  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 water and  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 marine 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Construction, extension, operation, 
and renewal of water collection, 
treatment and supply syst ems 
intended for human consumption 
based on the abstraction of natural 
resources of water from surface or 
ground water sources.
Manufacture of cement clinker, 
cement or alternative binder. 
2.1 Water Supply
3.7. Manufacture of 
cement
 
Construction and operation of facilities 
that produce heat/cool using waste 
heat. 
4.25 Production of 
heat/cool using waste 
heat
 
Separate collection and transport of 
non-hazardous waste in single or 
comingled fractions aimed at preparing 
for reuse or recycling. 
5.5. Collection and 
transport of non-
hazardous waste in 
source separated 
fractions
 
Construction and operation of facilities 
for the sorting and processing of 
separately collected non-hazardous 
waste streams into secondary raw 
materials involving mechanical 
reprocessing, except for backfilling 
purposes. 
5.9 Material recovery 
from non-hazardous 
waste
 
Table 1: Eligible Activities

Page 61:
59
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
Table 2: Group’s legal entities - eligibility
Activity 3.7 Manufacture of cement                   
Cimentas A.S.                                                       Production of grey cement only with its plants located in Izmir and Trakya 
Kars Cimento A.S.                                                Production of grey cement only 
Elazig Cimento                                                     Production of grey cement only 
Aalborg Portland A/S                                           Production of grey cement and white cement 
                                                                               Only the grey cement portion will be considered in the analysis  
Compagnie des Ciments Belges S.A.                Production of grey cement, ready-mix concrete and aggregates 
                                                                               Only the grey cement portion will be considered in the analysis 
Aalborg Islandi                                                     Does not produce grey cement, but resells grey cement purchased intra-group 
CCB France                                                          Does not produce grey cement, but resells grey cement purchased intra-group  
Spartan Hive                                                         Does not produce grey cement, but resells grey cement purchased intra-group 
Activity 4.25 Production of heat/cool using waste heat  
Aalborg Portland A/S                                           Recovery of waste heat used for district heating in the area surrounding the plant
Activity 2.1 Water Supply                                      
Compagnie des Ciments Belges S.A.                Recovery and potabilization of water removed during the exploitation of our 
                                                                                 quarry of limestone in Clypot (Belgium)
Activity 5.5 Collection and transport of non-hazardous waste in source separated fractions  
Sureko SA                                                              Collecting and transporting hazardous and non-hazardous waste 
Activity 5.9 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste  
Sureko SA                                                              Recycling materials produced (ferrous materials, aluminium etc.)  
                                                                                 and recovery fuels (RDF/SRF)

Page 62:
ALIGNMENT ASSESSMENT  
 
As anticipated, for its 2023 non-financial disclosure, Cementir Group is required to conduct the alignment 
analysis for the identified eligible activities to the objectives of climate change mitigation and climate change 
adaptation. However, on a voluntary basis, the Group has also c onducted the alignment analysis for activity 
2.1. Water Supply, eligible to the objective of sustainable use of water and marine resources. 
As a result of the alignment analysis, Cementir Group identified Taxonomy-aligned economic activities for 
three legal entities within the scope of eligibility: 
• Compagnie des Ciments Belges S.A. for activity 3.7. Manufacture of cement; 
• Cimentas A.S. limited to the operations taking place in Trakya’s plant for activity 3.7. Manufacture of cement;  
• Aalborg Portland A/S for activity 3.7. Manufacture of Cement limited to the grey cement production and for 
activity 4.25. Production of heat/cool using waste heat. 
For these activities, Cementir Group has been able to meet all the respective technical screening criteria 
detailed in the Delegated Acts of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
In relation to activity 2.1. Water Supply, it was found that it does not produce turnover and that it should be 
considered as an individual measure enabling the target activity to become low-carbon or to lead to 
greenhouse gas reductions. Its voluntary alignment assessment resulted in partial compliance due to the 
non-applicability of several of the technical screening criteria. Awaiting to witnes s the application of such 
criteria on a broader scale and the possibility to conduct deeper research on the subject, activity 2.1. Water 
Supply is not considered aligned in light of the present disclosure. 
With special regard to activity 3.7. Manufacture of cement, the Group’s core business, alignment was found to 
be limited to three legal entities because of the ambitious emissions thresholds set out by the criteria of 
Substantial Contribution to Climate Change Mitigation and of Do Not Significant Harm to Climate Change 
Mitigation. As of 2023, the plants of Aalborg Portland A/S, Compagnie des Ciments Belges S.A., and Cimentas 
A.S. - Trakya respect one such limitation on emissions - the one set by the Do Not Significant Harm to Climate 
Change Mitigation. However, as further explained below, the Group has developed an investment plan which 
will allow to cut GHG emissions on several other plants in the coming years. The very inclusion of Aalborg 
Portland A/S for 2023 is an example of such developments.  
Despite representing a residual part of Cementir Group’s business activities, the production of heat recovered 
from Aalborg’s Klin operations has been assessed as aligned with the EU Taxonomy as it is conducted by 
respecting all technical screening criteria. 
As for the 2022 disclosure, activities 5.5. Collection and transport of non-hazardous waste in source separated fractions 
and 5.9. Material recovery from non-hazardous waste could not be considered Taxonomy-aligned due to the non-
compliance with the criteria of Substantial Contribution to Climate Change Adaptation and of Do Not Significant 
Harm to Climate Change Adaptation. In fact, while an assessment of the physical climate risks has been conducted 
for the Group’s cement producing facilities, for the moment such analysis has not been extended to legal entities 
conducting waste management activities. Based on the gaps identified in our analysis, it was deemed reasoned 
to assign the percentage of eligibility of these activities to the objective of Climate Change Adaptation.  
Ready mix-plant in Denmark
60

Page 63:
61
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
SUBSTANTIAL CONTRIBUTION AND DO NO SIGNIFICANT HARM (DNSH) 
 
As required, all identified eligible economic activities were screened to assess the compliance with the 
Substantial Contribution criteria and the Do No Significant Harm criteria. The analysis allowed to distinguish 
between eligible-not aligned activities and eligible-aligned activities. We hereby report the assessment results 
of the eligible-aligned activities.  
 
 
 
Activity 3.7 Manufacture of Cement (Aalborg Portland A/S, Cimentas A.S. - Trakya, Compagnie des Ciments Belges S.A.) 
 
Requirements                                                                                              Elements of compliance
For all its cement production facilities Cementir 
Holding N.V. conducted a physical climate risk 
assessment in line with the provisions of the 
Taxonomy Regulation. In accordance, the 
appropriate adaptation solutions for the identified 
risks have been assessed and implemented.
For Aalborg Portland A/S, Cimentas A.S. - Trakya 
and Compagnie des Ciments Belges S.A., the 
greenhouse gas emissions from grey cement clinker 
production processes are lower than 0.816 tCO2e 
per ton of clinker manufactured. 
Substantial Contribution to Climate Change Adaptation
Do No Significant Harm Climate Change Mitigation
 
Environmental degradation risks related to 
preserving water quality and avoiding water stress 
have been identified and addressed and a water use 
and protection management plan has been developed 
accordingly. For Aalborg Portland A/S and Compagnie 
des Ciments Belges S.A. the Environmental Impact 
Assessment was carried out in accordance the most 
up to date European Directives. For Cimentas A.S. - 
Trakya the Environmental Impact Assessment was 
carried out in accordance with equivalent local 
regulation and standards.
Do No Significant Harm Use and Protection of Water 
and Marine Resources
 
Neither activity leads to the manufacture, placing on 
the market or use of substances included in 
Appendix C of Annex I to the Climate Delegated Act. 
Moreover, emissions from all three plants are in line 
with the BAT-AEL ranges and no significant cross-
media effects occur7. In accordance, measures are 
in place to ensure the safe handling of waste in the 
manufacturing of cement employing hazardous 
wastes as alternative fuels.
Do No Significant Harm Pollution Prevention and Control
 
For Aalborg Portland A/S and Compagnie des 
Ciments Belges S.A. the Environmental Impact 
Assessment was carried out in accordance with the 
most up to date European Directives.   
The Environmental Impact Assessments carried out 
for the sites of Cimentas A.S. Trakya were conducted 
in accordance with local regulation and standards 
equivalent to the European ones.  
The sites of Aalborg Portland A/S and of Cimentas 
A.S. Trakya are not located within or near biodiversity 
sensitive areas such as to have a significant impact 
on them.  
Do No Significant Harm Protection and Restoration of 
Biodiversity and Ecosystems
 
 
7 For information about cross-media effects, please refer to ecm_bref_0706.pdf (europa.eu).

Page 64:
62
Cement plant in Sinai, Egypt
4.25 Production of heat/cool using waste heat (Aalborg Portland A/S) 
 
Requirements                                                                                              Elements of compliance
The activity produces heat or cool from waste heat.
For all its cement production facilities Cementir 
Holding N.V. conducted a physical climate risk 
assessment in line with the provisions of the 
Taxonomy Regulation. In accordance, the 
appropriate adaptation solutions for the identified 
risks have been assessed and implemented. Being 
the activity under scrutiny conducted within the 
Aalborg Portland A/S plant, the assessment was 
deemed sufficient.
Substantial Contribution to Climate Change Mitigation
Do No Significant Harm Climate Change Adaptation
 
The activity uses equipment and components of high 
durability and recyclability and that are easy to 
dismantle and refurbish.
Do No Significant Harm Transition to a Circular 
Economy 
 
The pumps and equipment of the Aalborg Portland 
A/S plant comply with the top class requirements of 
the energy label.
Do No Significant Harm Pollution Prevention and 
Control
 
The Environmental Impact Assessment for Aalborg 
Plant A/S was carried out in accordance with the 
most up to date European Directives. The plant is 
not located within or near biodiversity sensitive 
areas such as to have a significant impact on them.
Do No Significant Harm Protection and Restoration of 
Biodiversity
 
 

Page 65:
It is worth noticing that the compliance with the criteria for both Substantial Contribution and Do No Significant 
Harm for the objective of Climate Change Adaptation across all the identified taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities is the outcome of the Physical Climate Risk Assessment conducted by the Group. The risks associated 
with 7 climate change hazards (namely water stress, floods, heatwaves, cold waves, hurricanes, wildfires and 
sea level rise) have been analyzed based on a medium- and long-term scenario-analysis on the geographical 
locations in which Cementir Group owns cement production facilities. Such analysis allowed the Group to 
determine which of these risks need to be considered material and what kind of adaptation solutions need to 
be implemented to prevent negative effects in sensitive geographical areas. In particular, the assessment was 
based on 3 different climate scenarios (High Climat e Change Scenario RCP8.5, Moderate Climate Change 
Scenario RCP4.5, Low Climate Change Scenario RCP2.6), using 2020 as the baseline and projecting the 
respective effects at 2030 and 2050. For further information regarding the analysis please refer to paragraph 
“Climate-related scenario analysis”. 
With regard to the Do No Significant Harm criteria to the objective of Climate Change Mitigation in relation to 
activity 3.7 Manufacture of cement, the Climate Delegated Act defines thresholds of greenhouse gas emissions 
for unit of grey cement and clinker produced which the producing plants must not surpass in order to meet 
the criteria for alignment. According to the Climate Delegated Act, the amount of GHG emissions considered 
needs to be calculated by adopting the methodologies detailed by regulation EU/2019/331, used for 
determining the allocation of emission allowances in the context of the European Union Emissions Trading 
System (EU ETS). Accordingly, Cementir Group assessed the emissions of all its plants producing grey cement 
against the emission thresholds defined by the EU Taxonomy Regulations for both the production of grey 
cement and clinker. While the amount of emissions per ton of grey cement manufactured currently exceeds 
the threshold for all existing plants, emissions per ton of clinker produced have been recorded below the 
established threshold for the plants of Trakya (Cimentas A.S.) and Compagnie des Ciments Belges S.A. 
In the context of the Group’s 2030 Roadmap described in the paragraph “Cementir Roadmap 2030”, Cementir 
Holding N.V. identified a series of investments aimed at progressively reducing the amount of emissions 
associated with cement production activities by recurring to both incremental efficiency-driven interventions 
and disruptive technologies which could considerably improve the environmental performance of the Group’s 
cement producing facilities. According to such investment plan, most of the Group’s plants producing grey 
cement and clinker will reduce emissions below the thresholds defined within the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
by the year 2030, thus allowing other Cementir’s grey cement production plants to reach alignment (in case 
all other technical screening criteria will still be met by these plants). Please, find in the following table the 
share of CapEx invested in FY2023 as part of the 2030 Roadmap:  
63
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
Aligned Roadmap CapEx                                                                              2022                                         2023 
[EUR] 
Aalborg Grey Cement   5,297,294                           5,355,470 
CCB Grey Cement 14,645,000                         10,700,000

Page 66:
64
MINIMUM SAFEGUARDS  
 
Compliance with the minimum safeguard criteria was assessed based directly on Art. 18 of the Regulation 
852/2020 and on ‘Final Report on Minimum Safeguards’ published in October 2022 by the Platform on 
Sustainable Finance (PSF), the advisory body constituted by the European Commission to coordinate the 
development and the implementation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The analysis focused on whether 
Cementir Group respects the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises (OECD MNE Guidelines) and the 
UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), including the principles and rights set out in 
the eight fundamental conventions identified in the Declaration of the International Labor Organization on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and The International Bill of Human Rights.  
More specifically, Cementir Group’s assessment for compliance was based on the following 4 areas of analysis 
for which it has not been convicted in court cases: 
• human rights: Cementir Group annually conducts due diligence activities focused on human rights by 
having all legal entities undergo a self-assessment survey and conducting related audits to verify the 
accuracy of the information reported. Cementir operates to promote and ensure that these are respected 
in all its operations and those of its suppliers. The Group has also defined its Human rights Policy, which 
can be downloaded from the corporate website under the section Governance/Ethics and Compliance; 
• corruption and bribery: the Group adopted policies, measures, programmes and internal control systems 
to ensure ethics and compliance in the fight against corruption. Relevant policies in this area include: the 
Anti-bribery Policy, the Supplier code of conduct, the Code of ethics. More information can be found on 
paragraph “The Code of Ethics”; 
• taxation: the Group conducts its business activities in a manner that complies with tax regulations in all 
the countries its operations take place, and institutes internal control procedures to guarantee compliance 
with such regulations. More information can be found on the Cementir’s approach to taxes, on Cementir’s 
approach to taxes; 
• fair competition: Cementir Holding N.V. conducts its business activities in a manner that complies with 
all applicable laws focusing on fair business competition and r equires its employees to complete topic-
specific training to prevent risks of occurrence. 
 
Moreover, the Group is aware of the integration of D&I requirements within the minimum safeguards and, in 
accordance with Dutch law and the New Dutch Code of Corporate Governance, it set diversity targets for a good 
balance of D&I aspects in the Board and in the Senior Management. As a matter of fact, Cementir reports the 
board gender diversity and during 2023 it conducted a pilot project to calculate the gender pay gap of its Turkish 
workforce, region selected based on the ease of data processing. This pilot will then be extended with the goal 
to collect and calculate the gender pay gap of the whole workforce. More information can be found on paragraph 
“Gender Pay Gap”. Lastly, the Group is not involved in the manufacture or selling of controversial weapons. 
 
 
INDICATORS AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
The proportion of Cementir Group’s turnover, capital expenditure (CapEx) and operating expenditure (OpEx) 
associated with the execution of their eligible and aligned economic activities are hereby reported in accordance 
with Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and its respective supporting Delegated Act. In compliance with 
the instructions provided by the EU Taxonomy Regulation to avoid double counting (Sect. 1.2.2.2. (c) of Annex I to 
the Art. 8 Delegated Act) the activities identified as aligned were attributed to a single environmental objective. 
 

Page 67:
TURNOVER 
 
The proportion of Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in terms of total turnover has been 
calculated as the part of net turnover derived from products and services associated with Taxonomy-eligible and 
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator) divided by the total consolidated net turnover (denominator).  
For further details on our accounting policies regarding our consolidated net turnover, see chapter ‘Accounting 
policies’ of the 2023 Annual Report. The accounting items for this indicator have been derived from the 2023 
consolidated Profit & Loss statement of Cementir Group.  
For legal entities considered in scope of eligibility, only revenues pertaining to the identified eligible economic 
activities have been considered. As a consequence, all sales associated with activities different from those 
described in Table 1 have been excluded from the calculation of the numerator for the turnover KPI. 
 
 
CAPEX 
 
The proportion of Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in terms of capital expenditure 
is defined as Taxonomy aligned Capex (numerator) divided by total Capex (denominator).  
Total Capex consists of additions to tangible and intangible fixed assets during the financial year, before 
depreciation, amortization, and any re-assessments, including those resulting from revaluations and 
impairments, as well as excluding changes in fair value. It includes acquisitions of tangible fixed assets (IAS 
16), intangible fixed assets (IAS 38), right-of-use assets (IFRS 16) and investment properties (IAS 40). Additions 
resulting from business combinations are also included. Goodwill is not included in Capex, as it is not defined 
as an intangible asset in accordance with IAS 38. For further details on our accounting policies regarding our 
Capex, see chapter ‘Accounting policies’ of the 2023 Annual Report.  
Investments are extrapolated from Cementir’s 2023 Statutory Book. The accounting items selected from the 
statutory book are tangible investments and intangible investments. The numerator consists of ‘Capex related 
to assets or processes that are associated with Taxonomy-eligible economic activities’ (Sect. 1.1.2.2. (a) of 
Annex I to Art. 8 Delegated Act), eventually of investments that are part of Cementir’s 2030 Investment Plan 
to allow Taxonomy-eligible cement production activities to become Taxonomy-aligned (Sect. 1.1.2.2. (b) of 
Annex I to Art. 8 Delegated Act), and of individual measures enabling the target activities to become low-
carbon or to lead to greenhouse gas reductions (Sect. 1.1.2.2. (c) of Annex I to Art. 8 Delegated Act). 
Since Aalborg Portland A/S produces both grey and white cement, it was necessary to use a driver to select 
only the proportion of eligible CapEx that was computed based on the proportion of tonnes of grey cement 
produced on total tonnes produced by the entity (77.30%). 
65
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
Year 2023      Total EUR             Proportion of Taxonomy-                 Proportion of                               Proportion of  
                                                       eligible economic activities (%)      Taxonomy-aligned                    Taxonomy-aligned  
                                                                                                                       activitiy (%) Substantial           activitiy (%) Substantial  
                                                                                                                       contribution to climate             contribution to climate  
                                                                                                                           change mitigation (Obt 1)        change adaptation (Obt 2)
Turnover 1,694,246,561 38.12% 0.29% 28.22%
Operating 
expenditure 
(OpEx)
132,941,586 33.83% 0.38% 26.58%
Capital 
expenditure 
(CapEx)
153,727,185 46.32% 0.15% 38.51%
Proportion of Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in total turnover, CapEx and OpEx 

Page 68:
66
 
OPEX 
 
The proportion of Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in terms of operating 
expenditure is defined as Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned Opex (numerator) divided by total Opex 
(denominator). This indicator is limited to non-capitalized costs related to research and development, repair 
and maintenance costs, personnel costs linked with maintenance, repair and cleaning costs, building 
renovation measures, and short-term leases. 
Operating expenditures are selected from the 2023 managerial profit and loss statements of the Group. The 
numerator includes the portion of the above-mentioned accounting items linked with eligible economic 
activities. 
As for the CaEx KPI, since Aalborg Portland A/S produces both grey and white cement, it was necessary to 
use a cost driver to calculate the OpEx KPI, as well. Again, this was based on the proportion of tons of grey 
cement produced in relation to the total tons produced by the entity (77.30%). 
 
 
TAXONOMY TEMPLATES 
 
Legenda for Templates reported in the next pages 
 
For the purposes of tabular representation, the following legend applies: 
 
(1) Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; 
(2) Climate Change Adaptation: CCA; 
(3) Water and Marine Resources: WTR; 
(4) Circular Economy: CE; 
(5) Pollution Prevention and Control: PPC; 
(6) Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO; 
MS Minimum Safeguards. 
 
For the reading of the alignment section of the templates, the following legend applies: 
 
Y - Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; 
N - No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; 
N/A - Not applicable, technical screening criteria not listed by the Regulation. 
 
For the reading of the eligibility section of the templates, the following legend applies: 
 
N/EL - not eligible, Taxonomy non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective; 
EL - Taxonomy eligible activity for the relevant objective; 
N/A - Not applicable. 
 
 
 

Page 69:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
Economic activities Code Turnover Proportion  
of Turnover, 
year N
Substantial  
contribution criteria
Financial year  
2023
DNSH criteria  
('Does Not Significantly Harm') 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) 
or eligible 
(A.2.)  
Turnover, 
 year 2022 
Category 
enabling 
activity
Category 
transitional 
activity
(1)    (2)    (3)    (4)    (5)    (6)    (1)    (2)    (3)    (4)    (5)    (6)    MS
                                                                                      mlnEUR                       %               Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;   Y; N;    Y; N;   Y; N;                                    %                                E                                 T 
                                                                                                                                                    N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 
 
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 
 
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 
 
Manufacture                              CCM 3.7 /  478,074,589.31        28.22%           N          Y       N/EL  N/EL N/EL N/EL      Y         N/A      Y        N/A        Y           Y           Y                     11.71%                                 -                            - 
of cement                          CCA 3.7 
Production of heat/       CCM 4.25/  4,879,000.00      0.29%          Y        N    N/EL N/ELN/ELN/EL N/A      Y    N/A     Y         Y        Y        Y                 0.49%                          -                     - 
cool using waste heat   CCA 4.25 
Turnover of                                      482,953,589.31      28.51%                                                                                                                                                                   12.20% 
environmentally sustainable  
activities (Taxonomy-aligned)  
(A.1) 
 
Of which Enabling                                        -                      0.00%           -         -          -         -        -         -         -          -        -         -          -         -         -                  0.00%                           - - 
 
Of which Transitional                                  -                      0.00%           -                                                                 -          -        -         -          -         -         -                  0.00%                           - - 
 
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 
 
                                                                                                                                                        EL;      EL;       EL;      EL;     EL;     EL;  
                                                                                                                                                     N/EL  N/EL   N/EL  N/EL N/EL N/EL 
 
Manufacture                   CCM 3.7/  160,778,021.83   9.49%         EL     EL   N/EL N/EL  N/EL N/EL                                                                                18.91%                        - - 
of cement                          CCA 3.7 
 
Collection and                CCM 5.5/    1,874,575.00     0.11%         EL     EL   N/EL N/EL  N/EL N/EL                                                                                 0.13%                          - - 
transport of                       CCA 5.5 
non-hazardous  
waste in source 
separated fractions 
 
Material recovery           CCM 5.9/    181,333.00        0.01%         EL     EL   N/EL N/EL  N/EL N/EL                                                                                 0.04%                          - - 
from non-hazardous      CCA 5.9 
waste 
                                                      
Turnover of                                         162,833,929.83     9.61%                         
Taxonomy-eligible but not  
environmentally sustainable 
activities  
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 
(A.2) 
 
Turnover of                                           645,787,519.13       38.12%     0.29%      37.82%    0.00%    0.00%     0.00%    0.00% 31.29% 
Taxonomy eligible activities  
(A.1 + A.2)  
 
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 
 
Turnover of Taxonomy-             1,048,459,041.87    61.88%            
non-eligible activities 
 
Total                                                  1,694,246,561.00   100.00%
Table 3 - Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities - 
disclosure covering year 2023
67

Page 70:
Economic activities Code CapEx Proportion  
of CapEx,  
year N
Substantial  
contribution criteria
Financial year  
2023
DNSH criteria  
('Does Not Significantly Harm') 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) 
or eligible 
(A.2.)  
CapEx, 
 year 2022 
Category 
enabling 
activity
(1)    (2)    (3)    (4)    (5)    (6)    (1)    (2)    (3)    (4)    (5)    (6)    MS
                                                                                      mlnEUR                       %               Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;   Y; N;    Y; N;   Y; N;                                    %                                E                                 T 
                                                                                                                                                    N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 
 
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 
 
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 
 
Manufacture                              CCM 3.7 /  59,202,776.02            38.51%            N          Y       N/EL  N/EL N/EL N/EL      Y         N/A      Y        N/A        Y           Y           Y                     23.21%                                 -                            - 
of cement                          CCA 3.7 
Production of heat/       CCM 4.25/  224,378.30          0.15%          Y        N    N/EL N/ELN/ELN/EL N/A      Y    N/A     Y         Y        Y        Y                 0.10%                          -                     - 
cool using waste heat   CCA 4.25 
CapEx of                                             59,427,154.31       38.66%                                                                                                                                                                   23.31% 
environmentally sustainable  
activities (Taxonomy-aligned)  
(A.1) 
 
Of which Enabling                                        -                      0.00%           -         -          -         -        -         -         -          -        -         -          -         -         -                  0.00%                           - - 
 
Of which Transitional                                  -                      0.00%           -                                                                 -          -        -         -          -         -         -                  0.00%                           - - 
 
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 
 
                                                                                                                                                        EL;      EL;       EL;      EL;     EL;     EL;  
                                                                                                                                                     N/EL  N/EL   N/EL  N/EL N/EL N/EL 
 
Water Supply                    WTR 2.1       374,439.37       0.24%      N/EL N/EL   EL   N/ELN/ELN/EL                                                                                     0.00% 
 
Manufacture                   CCM 3.7/   10,377,967.14    6.75%         EL     EL   N/EL N/ELN/ELN/EL                                                                                    18.33%                        - - 
of cement                          CCA 3.7 
 
Collection and                CCM 5.5/    1,023,565.33     0.67%         EL     EL   N/EL N/ELN/ELN/EL                                                                                     0.51%                          - - 
transport of                       CCA 5.5 
non-hazardous  
waste in source 
separated fractions 
                                                      
CapEx of                                                11,775,971.83      7.66%             
Taxonomy-eligible but not  
environmentally sustainable 
activities  
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 
(A.2) 
 
CapEx of                                                  71,203,126.15        46.32%     0.15%      45.93%    0.24%    0.00%     0.00%    0.00% 42.15% 
Taxonomy eligible activities  
(A.1 + A.2)  
 
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 
 
CapEx of Taxonomy-                     82,524,058.52       53.68%            
non-eligible activities 
 
Total                                                    153,727,184.67     100.00%
Table 4 - Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities -  
disclosure covering year 2023
68
Category 
transitional 
activity

Page 71:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
Economic activities Code OpEx Proportion  
of OpEx,  
year N
Substantial  
contribution criteria
Financial year  
2023
DNSH criteria  
('Does Not Significantly Harm') 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) 
or eligible 
(A.2.)   
OpEx, 
 year 2022 
Category 
enabling 
activity
(1)    (2)    (3)    (4)    (5)    (6)    (1)    (2)    (3)    (4)    (5)    (6)    MS
                                                                                      mlnEUR                       %               Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;    Y; N;   Y; N;    Y; N;   Y; N;                                    %                                E                                 T 
                                                                                                                                                    N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 
 
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 
 
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 
 
Manufacture                              CCM 3.7 /  35,335,832.85            26.58%            N          Y       N/EL  N/EL N/EL N/EL      Y         N/A      Y        N/A        Y           Y           Y                     12.74%                                 -                            - 
of cement                          CCA 3.7 
Production of heat/       CCM 4.25/  509,996.26          0.38%          Y        N    N/EL N/ELN/ELN/EL N/A      Y    N/A     Y         Y        Y        Y                 0.81%                          -                     - 
cool using waste heat   CCA 4.25 
OpEx of                                                35,845,829.11       26.96%                                                                                                                                                                   13.55% 
environmentally sustainable  
activities (Taxonomy-aligned)  
(A.1) 
 
Of which Enabling                                        -                      0.00%           -         -          -         -        -         -         -          -        -         -          -         -         -                  0.00%                           - - 
 
Of which Transitional                                  -                      0.00%           -                                                                 -          -        -         -          -         -         -                  0.00%                           - - 
 
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 
 
                                                                                                                                                        EL;      EL;       EL;      EL;     EL;     EL;  
                                                                                                                                                     N/EL  N/EL   N/EL  N/EL N/EL N/EL 
 
Water Supply                    WTR 2.1        64,000.00        0.05%      N/EL N/EL   EL   N/ELN/ELN/EL                                                                                     0.00% 
 
Manufacture                   CCM 3.7/    8,963,981.41     6.74%         EL     EL   N/EL N/ELN/ELN/EL                                                                                    17.45%                        - - 
of cement                          CCA 3.7 
 
Collection and                CCM 5.5/       93,854.62        0.07%         EL     EL   N/EL N/ELN/ELN/EL                                                                                     0.48%                          - - 
transport of                       CCA 5.5 
non-hazardous  
waste in source 
separated fractions 
                                                      
OpEx of                                                    9,121,836.04       6.86%             
Taxonomy-eligible but not  
environmentally sustainable 
activities  
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 
(A.2) 
 
OpEx of                                                     44,967,665.15        33.83%     0.38%      33.39%    0.05%    0.00%     0.00%    0.00% 31.48% 
Taxonomy eligible activities  
(A.1 + A.2)  
 
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 
 
OpEx of Taxonomy-                        87,973,921.03       66.17%            
non-eligible activities 
 
Total                                                    132,941,586.18     100.00%
Table 5 - Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities -  
disclosure covering year 2023
69
Category 
transitional 
activity

Page 72:
70
Proportion of Turnover / Total Turnover  
Taxonomy-Aligned Taxonomy-Eligible  
CCM 0.29% 0.29% 
CCA 28.22% 37.82% 
WTR 0.00% 0.00% 
CE 0.00% 0.00% 
PPC 0.00% 0.00% 
BIO 0.00% 0.00% 
Table 3.1 - Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities - disclosure covering year 2023
Proportion of CapEx/Total CapEx  
Taxonomy-Aligned Taxonomy-Eligible  
CCM 0.15% 0.15% 
CCA 38.51% 45.93% 
WTR 0.00% 0.24% 
CE 0.00% 0.00% 
PPC 0.00% 0.00% 
BIO 0.00% 0.00% 
Table 4.1 - Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities - disclosure covering year 2023
Proportion of OpEx/Total OpEx  
Taxonomy-Aligned Taxonomy-Eligible  
CCM 0.38% 0.38% 
CCA 26.58% 33.39% 
WTR 0.00% 0.05% 
CE 0.00% 0.00% 
PPC 0.00% 0.00% 
BIO 0.00% 0.00% 
Table 5.1 - Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities - disclosure covering year 2023

Page 73:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
71
Proportion of Turnover / Total Turnover  
Row Nuclear energy related activities YES/NO 
1 No 
  
2 No 
 
3 No 
 
Fossil gas related activities 
4 No 
 
5 No 
 
6 No 
 
Table 6 - Nuclear and fossil gas related activities
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and 
deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with 
minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear 
installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial 
processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that 
produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such 
as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation 
facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of 
combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of heat 
generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.
Ready-mix plant, Denmark

Page 74:
72
TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES - TCFD  
OVERVIEW   
 
‘The Task Force’s report establishes recommendations for disclosing clear , comparable and consistent information 
about the risks and opportunities presented by climate change. Their widespread adoption will ensure that the effects 
of climate change become routinely considered in business and investment decisions. Adoption of these 
recommendations will also help companies better demonstrate responsibility and foresight in their consideration of 
climate issues. That will lead to smarter , more efficient allocation of capital, and help smooth the transition to a more 
sustainable, low-carbon economy’ (Michael R. Bloomberg, Chairman, TCFD). 
 
Cementir is publicly committed to adopting the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) of the Financial Stability Board, which in June 2017 published specific recommendations for 
the voluntary reporting of the financial impact of climate risks. The TCFD aims to offer consistent and effective 
financial disclosures that allow investors and other stakeholders to assess the climate risks faced by companies 
and to take appropriate actions. 
Cementir identifies, assesses and manages climate change risks alongside all other types of risk as an integral 
part of its Risk Management Framework. Climate risks and opportunities are monitored in a structured manner 
consistent with the TCFD. 
In 2022, as part of TCFD assessment, Cementir commissioned Standard & Poor’s (S&P) to conduct a gap 
assessment of its existing climate-related disclosures. According to the analysis performed by S&P, Cementir 
achieved a total score of 100% on the overall assessment, which represent a complete level of disclosure and 
transparency on TCFD metrics. 
This chapter follows the structure of the TCFD recommendations around four thematic areas that represent core 
elements of how organization operate: governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets. 
 
 
GOVERNANCE   
 
In the Cementir Group, the Sustainability strategy receives appropriate board and management attention.  
 
Governance - The organisation’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities 
 
 
 
 
 
In the Governance chapter, the description of the different governing bodies includes useful clarifications of the 
specific nature of their climate-related accountabilities. 
Recommendations of the TCFD                                                       Disclosure 
a) Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities
• Chapter: The Corporate Governance System (see page 89) 
• Chapter: Evaluation of Board’s performance (see page 91) 
• Chapter: The Sustainability Governance System (see page 94) 
• Chapter: Role of the Bord of Directors in overseeing the 
management of Cementir’s impacts (see page 97) 
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities
• Chapter: The Corporate Governance System (see page 89) 
• Chapter: Evaluation of Board’s performance (see page 91) 
• Chapter: The Sustainability Governance System (see page 94) 
• Chapter: Role of the Bord of Directors in overseeing the 
management of Cementir’s impacts (see page 97) 

Page 75:
73
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
STRATEGY  
 
In view of the significance of climate change for our business, Cementir has developed the Sustainability Strategy. 
Cementir described how climate-related issues may affect the organisation’s business, strategy and financial 
planning over the short, medium, and long term. The three-time horizons can be summarised as follow: 
• The short term (1-3 years), in which sensitivity analyses based on the Industrial Plan presented to investors 
can be performed;  
• The medium term (until 2030) is a time horizon beyond the Industrial Plan but addressed by the Cementir 
Climate Change Strategy and its 10-year roadmap. 
• The long term (2030-2050), in which chronic structural changes in the climate should begin to emerge. 
 
Cementir’s long-term sustainability strategy has been developed using a bottom-up approach in recent years. 
The concerned departments within the local operations, under the coordination of the Group Top Management, 
have translated individual concepts and notions into a unique and consistent way of thinking, defining our internal 
Group culture and identity, setting expectations, targets and precise commitments, along the lines mandated by 
the regulatory framework. Once consolidated, this basic core was then formally reviewed, signed-off and validated 
by the Sustainability Committee and finally rolled over the concerned entities for implementation through 
articulated programs and specific actions due by set deadlines. Its assumptions and implications, from the basic 
ones to the most far-fetched ones, have been encapsulated for the first time in the Group Industrial Plan 2021-
23, approved by Cementir Board of Directors in February 2021, in the Group Consolidated Financial Statements 
and Sustainability Report for year 2020, approved by the Shareholder Meeting in April 2021. 
In addition, the Group regularly assesses current and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities 
on the business, and consequently updates its strategy and its financial planning.  
 
Strategy - Current and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation’s 
business, strategy and financial planning
• Chapter: Internal Control and Risk Management System (page 108) 
• Chapter: Climate risks (page 118) 
• Chapter: Climate-related scenario analysis (page 119) 
• Chapter: Chronic and acute physical phenomena (page 121) 
• Chapter: Transition risks and opportunities (page 124) 
Recommendations of the TCFD                                                       Disclosure 
a) Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has identified over 
the short, medium and long term
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning
• Chapter: Internal Control and Risk Management System (page 108) 
• Chapter: Climate risks (page 118) 
• Chapter: Climate-related scenario analysis (page 119) 
• Chapter: Chronic and acute physical phenomena (page 121) 
• Chapter: Transition risks and opportunities (page 124) 
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s 
strategy, taking into consideration different 
climate-related scenarios, including a 2° or lower 
scenario
• Chapter: Internal Control and Risk Management System (page 108) 
• Chapter: Climate risks (page 118) 
• Chapter: Climate-related scenario analysis (page 119) 
• Chapter: Chronic and acute physical phenomena (page 121) 
• Chapter: Transition risks and opportunities (page 124) 
• Chapter: Our 2030 commitment in numbers (page 75) 
• Chapter: Our key actions for the 2023-2030 period (page 76) 
• Chapter: Main investments needed to achieve CO₂ reduction targets 
(page 84) 
• Chapter: 2050 ambition (page 85) 
• Chapter: Responsible and efficient use of water (page 145) 

Page 76:
Recommendations of the TCFD                                                       Disclosure 
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to 
assess climate-related risks and opportunities in 
line with its strategy and risk management 
process
• Chapter: Use of alternative fuels (page 133) 
• Chapter: Alternative raw materials (page 135) 
• Chapter: Cementir’s CO₂ footprint (page 139) 
• Chapter: Cementir’s Scope 3 emissions (page 140) 
• Chapter: Energy consumption (page 143) 
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and 
the related risks
• Chapter: Cementir’s CO₂ footprint (page 139) 
• Chapter: Cementir’s Scope 3 emissions (page 140) 
• Chapter: Climate Risks (page 118) 
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to 
manage climate-related risks and opportunities 
and performance against targets
• Chapter: Our 2030 commitment in numbers (page 75) 
• Chapter: Our key actions for the 2024-2030 period (page 76) 
• Chapter: 2050 ambition (page 85) 
RISK MANAGEMENT  
 
Cementir identifies, assesses and manages climate change risks and opportunities alongside all other types of 
risk as an integral part of its Risk Management Framework, which is subject to continuous improvements. 
 
Risk management - Identification, assessment and management of climate related risks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
METRICS AND TARGETS 
 
The Group has identified four pillars that represent the core principles that have inspired the company’s 
sustainability strategy. The targets are related to the efforts by Cementir to adopt all necessary measures and the 
most innovative technological solutions to minimise the impact of our business on the environment; create a 
healthy, safe and inclusive work environment; respect human rights and create a constructive and transparent 
relationship with local communities and business partners.  
 
Metrics and targets - used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities 
74
Recommendations of the TCFD                                                       Disclosure 
a) Describe the organization’s processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related risks
• Chapter: Internal Control and Risk Management System (page 108) 
• Chapter: Climate risks (page 118) 
• Chapter: Climate-related scenario analysis (page 119) 
• Chapter: Chronic and acute physical phenomena (page 121) 
• Chapter: Transition risks and opportunities (page 124) 
b) Describe the organization’s processes for 
managing climate-related risks
• Chapter: Internal Control and Risk Management System (page 108) 
• Chapter: Climate risks (page 118) 
• Chapter: Climate-related scenario analysis (page 119) 
• Chapter: Chronic and acute physical phenomena (page 121) 
• Chapter: Transition risks and opportunities (page 124) 
• Chapter: Our 2030 commitment in numbers (page 75) 
• Chapter: Our key actions for the 2024-2030 period (page 76) 
• Chapter: Main investments needed to achieve CO₂ reduction targets 
(page 84) 
• Chapter: 2050 ambition (page 85) 
• Chapter: Responsible and efficient use of water (page 145) 
c) Describe how processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related risks 
are integrated into the organization’s overall risk 
management
• Chapter: Internal Control and Risk Management System (page 108) 
• Chapter: Climate risks (page 118) 
• Chapter: Climate-related scenario analysis (page 119) 
• Chapter: Chronic and acute physical phenomena (page 121) 
• Chapter: Transition risks and opportunities (page 124) 
• Chapter: Our 2030 commitment in numbers (page 75) 
• Chapter: Our key actions for the 2024-2030 period (page 76) 
• Chapter: Main investments needed to achieve CO₂ reduction targets 
(page 84) 
• Chapter: 2050 ambition (page 85) 
• Chapter: Responsible and efficient use of water (page 145)

Page 77:
75
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
 
CEMENTIR ROADMAP 2030  
OUR 2030 COMMITMENT IN NUMBERS  
 
Over the last few years, Cementir has been actively committed to pursuing a programme inspired by the principles 
of the circular economy, which envisages a series of initiatives focused on reducing the environmental impact of 
its operations and on developing less CO₂-intensive products.  
Cementir identifies, assesses and manages climate change risks alongside all other types of risk as an integral 
part of its Risk Management Framework. Climate risks and opportunities are monitored in a structured manner 
consistent with the TCFD. 
The Group has defined a Roadmap to 2030 that will allow for the constant reduction of CO₂ emissions per ton 
of cement. The implementation of the Roadmap is proceeding as planned. In 2023, emissions per ton of grey 
cement were 655 kg, down 9% compared to 2020, while emissions per ton of white cement were 846 kg, down 
7% compared to 2020. 
The Group has focused its research activity on the testing, through pilot projects, of new technologies for carbon 
capture and storage (CCS). The Plan envisages the implementation of a CCS system in Aalborg, in 2030, with 
which the Group will reduce Scope 1 emissions per tonne of grey cement to 458 kg, with an emission level below 
the limits required by the European Taxonomy and equal to a reduction of 36% compared to 2020 levels.  
For white cement, which is a niche product for specific applications, with a market equal to 0.5% of world 
production, Scope 1 emissions will be reduced to 737 kg per tonne of product. The reduction will be achieved by 
replacing traditional fuels with fuels that have a lower emission impact, in particular natural gas and other 
alternative fuels such as biomass, and by replacing clinker with mineral additives, such as limestone. 
The climate change targets established by the Group have been deployed per single plant and year and were 
included in the 2024-2026 Industrial Plan approved by the Board of Directors of Cementir Holding on 8 
February 2024. 
See the table in the next page for details. 
 
Specific targets for alternative fuels, clinker ratio and CO₂ emissions have been established to accomplish the 
2030 goals. Such targets have been deployed in every single plant and were included in the 2024-2026 Industrial 
Plan and in our employee short-term incentive system. 
 
GREY CEMENT                                                                 2020                     2021             2022             2023             2025             2030 
                                                                                                                                                           
Use of traditional fuel in %                                            72%                     70%             68%              67%             61%             52% 
Use of alternative fuel in %                                            28%                     30%             32%              33%             39%             48% 
Clinker Ratio                                                                    82%                     81%             80%              79%             75%             64% 
CO₂ emissions (kg CO₂/ton cement)                               718                       684               672                655               617               458 
Reduction versus 2020                                                     0%                     -5%              -6%              -9%           -14%           -36% 
WHITE CEMENT                                                              2020                     2021             2022             2023             2025             2030 
                                                                                                                                                           
Use of traditional fuel in %                                            85%                     85%             85%              82%             82%             54% 
Use of natural gas%                                                       12%                     12%             13%              16%             16%             32% 
Use of alternative fuel in %                                              3%                       3%               2%                2%               2%             14% 
Clinker ratio                                                                     82%                     83%             81%              79%             79%             78% 
CO₂ emissions (kg CO₂/ton cement)                               915                       919               886                846               845               737 
Reduction versus 2020                                                     0%                      0%             -3%              -7%               8%           -19% 

Page 78:
A- 
Water 
Security 
76
2019 2020 2021
• New 
organization and 
Sustainability 
Governance with 
Group 
Sustainability 
Committee 
within Aalborg 
Portland Holding 
A/S (Danish 
subsidiary) 
 
• Definition of 26 
ESG objectivies 
 
• Shift from 
mandatory 
reporting to ESG 
voluntary 
disclosure  
• Integration of 
Sustainability 
into the 
Corporate 
Strategy with 
2030 Roadmap 
on CO2 emissions 
reduction 
 
• 2050 Net Zero 
ambition 
 
• Human rights 
formal 
monitoring 
B Rating- 
Climate  
Change  
Upgraded 
from F in 
March 2021 
• Launch of 
FUTURECEM® 
on the market 
 
• Cementir joins 
the European 
Climate Pact 
against climate 
change 
 
• Science Based 
Target initiative 
(SBTi) validated 
our “well below 
2°C“ emission 
reduction 
objectives 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• Group 
Sustainability 
Committee 
within Cementir 
Holding Board  
of Directors 
 
• Scope 3 
emissions 
assessment 
 
• First CDP water 
security 
questionnaire 
files 
 
• Non-financial 
KPIs embedded 
into short-term 
incentive plan 
2022
• All cement plants 
ISO 45001-
certified 
 
• UN Global 
Compact 
Commitment  
 
• Wash Pledge. 
Safe Water, 
Sanitation and 
Hygiene at the 
Workplace 
 
• Group Guidelines 
for developing and 
implementing 
biodiversity plans 
 
• Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion 
assessment 
 
A- 
Climate  
Change
B- 
Water 
Security 
A- 
Climate 
Change
Our sustainability commitment timeline since 2019 
2023
• UN Global 
Compact 
Submission  
of first CoP 
(Communication 
on Progress)  
 
• Science Based 
Target initiative 
(SBTi) Filed a 
commitment to be 
aligned 1.5° SBTi 
scenario 
 
• Power Purchase 
Agreement (PPA) 
The Group signed 
its first long-term 
contracts with 
renewable energy 
generators for 
direct purchase of 
electricity from 
renewable 
projects 
A- 
Climate 
Change
A- 
Water 
Security 
OUR KEY ACTIONS FOR THE 2024-2030 PERIOD 
 
The Roadmap 2030 is focused on the following pillars: 
• Reduction of clinker content to 64% for grey cement and 78% for white cement. In the production of cement, 
the majority of CO₂ emissions occur when the raw materials (mainly limestone) calcinates into clinker in the 
kiln. The CO₂ results from the chemical reaction that starts when limestone is heating up to 1450°C. This 
process, called calcination, is responsible for about 70% of the total Scope 1 emissions generated by Cementir. 
Cementir will reduce the clinker content through: 
- The replacement of clinker with alternative decarbonised mineral additives such as fly ash and slag. 
- The development of a new low-carbon cement, FUTURECEM®, an innovative, validated technology which 
allows for more than 35% of the energy-intensive clinker in cement to be replaced by limestone and calcined 
Target 
validation in 
July 2021


Page 79:
77
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
clay. This combination of materials in FUTURECEM® has resulted in a much more sustainable, high-grade 
cement with a carbon footprint up to 30% lower than regular Portland cement. And the low-carbon benefits 
of FUTURECEM® have been achieved without compromising the strength and quality of the cement. 
Below is the average composition of an ordinary Portland cement and what is achievable with FUTURECEM®. 
From 2014-2019, Cementir participated, together with researcher institutions and a range of stakeholders and 
customers from the construction industry, in the Danish project Green Concrete II with the aim of testing 
FUTURECEM® in a wide range of ready-mix concrete applications. In this project, FUTURECEM® was tested at 
full-scale in construction parts for infrastructure (two bridges) as well as in an indoor floor and wall in the new 
concrete laboratory at the Danish Technological Institute. Those demo projects demonstrate that FUTURECEM® 
can be implemented in the concrete industry using conventional production and execution technologies. 
Between 2018 and 2020, Cementir conducted a survey to explore and determine the status of the ‘green transition’ 
in Northern Europe (Scandinavia, France, Belgium and the Netherlands) and how it will change the construction 
industry in coming years and finally what a building materials manufacturer such as Cementir should do when it 
comes to sustainability. The goal of the survey was to understand the dynamics of the green transition and the 
role that FUTURECEM® technology could play in the future. 
In January 2021, Cementir started the distribution of FUTURECEM®. The sales expectations were fully met in 
2021- 2023 period. 
By 2030, FUTURECEM® volumes sold are expected to reach around 51% of total volumes sold in Europe and 60% 
of grey cement volumes. 
Reduction
Clinker: -40%
CO2: -30%
Clinker
Other
Clinker
Limestone
Calcined Clay
Other
Ordinary Portland Cement
2021 2022
Futurecem (LHS)
Volumes sold (Mt)
Futurecem % Total Volumes (RHS)Other products
2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030
5%
15%
25%
35%
45%
55%
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
4.5
FUTURECEM® roll-out plan - Volumes sold in EU countries
®

Page 80:
• Replacement of fossil fuels with alternative fuels. We will replace fossil fuels with waste-derived fuels and 
biomass fuels. For grey cement, by 2030, Cementir will use 48% alternative fuel, while for white cement 
alternative fuels will amount to 14%. The demand for consistency in the colour of white cement is much higher 
than for grey cement as a great deal of attention is paid to the purity of the colour. Alternative fuels affect the 
colour and for this reason their use is drastically limited in the production of white cement. 
• The establishment of a natural gas line to the plant located in Denmark and Belgium and the installation 
of multi-fuel main burners for the kilns. For the Danish and Belgium plants, we plan a partial transition in 
fuel consumption from pet coke to natural gas. The switching to natural gas, a fossil fuel with emissions 
much lower than petcoke, is a transitional solution and essential for Cementir’s transition to net-zero 
emissions. As part of this strategy, Aalborg Portland (the Danish legal entity of Cementir) has already entered 
into an agreement with the Danish gas distribution company, Evida, to connect the Aalborg plant to the gas 
distribution grid. 
• Energy recovery. The Aalborg plant recovers excess heat from cement production to provide district heating 
to the local community. The recovered thermal energy is used to provide heating to around 20,000 families in 
the city of Aalborg, Denmark with the aim of increasing this figure to over 30,000. The annual CO2 savings 
related to this heat recovery system has been estimated at 150,000 tons. This calculation is based on the 
amount of CO2, that is not emitted from the local coal-fired power station, because the needs are covered by 
the heat coming from the Aalborg plant. 
• Implementation of Carbon Capture and Storage technology in Aalborg. Cementir has for several years 
investigated the potential for implementation of carbon capture at its cement plants. As part of this, the Group 
is completing/participating in projects, providing knowledge and experience in all relevant aspects for the 
value-chain from carbon capture to use or transport and storage of CO2.  
Details of the main projects participated by Cementir are provided in the following paragraphs. 
Cement plant in Gaurain, Belgium
78

Page 81:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
79
CORT 
 
Purpose 
The aim of the project is investigating various advanced amine solvents for carbon capture and new heat integration methods (heat pumps). 
Specifically, the aim is to find the best suited solvents for different carbon capture cases. For additional information, please see Carbon capture 
Open tests and Review of Technologies (CORT) - Center for Energy Resources Engineering (dtu.dk).
Total budget 
The total funds for the project are € 2.6 million of which 
€ 150,000 is funded by Cementir with co-funding from 
the INNO-CCUS partnership funded by the Danish 
Innovation Fund.  
Results 
A test unit from the Danish Technical University (DTU) was established at the Aalborg Portland plant in October 2022 and it was removed in October 
2023. Conclusions from gas analysis and gas purity measurements obtained and tests completed. Results for a broader audience are being prepared 
for sharing in April 2024. 
Start and end date 
01/08/2022 - 31/07/2025
Partners 
Aalborg Portland, Pentair, Danish Technical 
University, Chemistry, Ørsted, Aalborg University, 
FORCE.
CARBON CAPTURE TECHNOLOGIES CURRENTLY INVESTIGATED BY CEMENTIR 
 
The Cementir Group has assembled a 
dedicated team focused on advancing the 
potential implementation for carbon 
capture at its facility in Aalborg, Denmark.  
The Cementir Group is engaged in various 
research projects aimed at facilitating the 
implementation of Carbon Capture, 
Utilisation, and Storage (CCUS) in its 
operations. 
These projects can be categorised into 
three types.  
Firstly, techno-economic assessments  
explore different technologies suitable for CO2 
capture, offering preliminary insights into the potential configurations of carbon capture plants at various capacities 
in select facilities.  
Secondly, pilot projects  are under way to capture CO 2 at a small scale, facilitating the testing of diverse 
technologies and enhancing our understanding of flue gas behaviour under different methods.  
Lastly, the company is actively involved in projects dedicated to developing value chains, fostering research 
and development efforts in transport and permanent storage activities in North Jutland.  
This multifaceted approach demonstrates Cementir Group's comprehensive commitment to making progress 
in reducing its CO2 emissions. The next section will examine the specifics of each project.
ConsenCUS plant inaugurated  
by His Majesty The King of Denmark
Pilot projects Techno-economic assessments Transport and storage projects 

Page 82:
80
Pilot projects Techno-economic assessments Transport and storage projects 
ConsenCUS 
 
Purpose 
Show how a net-zero-carbon industry can be achieved by:  
• Demonstrating the technical andeconomic viability of green electricity-based, energy-efficient CCU innovations in an industrially relevant environment 
• Investigating how CO2 networks in Northern Europe can cost-efficiently take the captured CO2 to end users, or permanent and/or intermediate storage. 
For additional information, please see https://consencus.eu/ 
Total budget 
The total funds for the project are € 13 million of which 
€ 240,000 is funded by Cementir and co-funded by the 
EU-Horizon 2020 programme. 
 
Results 
On November 27th 2023, the demonstration plant was inaugurated during a short ceremony headed by the H.K.H. Kronprins and now HM King Frederik 
X, Ms. Simson, EU-commissioner for Energy and Mr. Aagaard, Danish Minister for Energy, Climate and Utilities. The opening event was part of the 3rd 
international CCUS FORUM. The CCUS FORUM is a robust stakeholder consultation platform established by the European Commission in 2021.  
The test unit will operate at Aalborg Portland from November 2023 to February 2024. 
Public deliverables of the ConsenCUS project area available at the link https://consencus.eu/results/
Start and end date 
01/04/2020 - 31/05/2025
Portland CC  
 
Purpose 
This project is part of the CO2 Vision partnership. The aim was to provide an initial techno-economic assessment of two carbon capture technologies: the amine 
scrubber technology (reactive absorption-stripping) and the Chart/Sustainable Energy Solutions Cryogenic Carbon Capture™ (CCC) technology applied to one kiln 
in the Aalborg Portland A/S cement plant. The analysis provides an estimation of component costs for the configurations under consideration using the features 
available in Aspen Plus®, along with electricity cost estimations for 2021 and 2022. Moreover, a suitable formulation for estimation of the cost of CO2 was presented. 
Total budget 
The total funds for the project were € 503,000 of which € 
131,000 was funded by Cementir. This project is 
supported by the EU Regional Fund and the EU Social 
Fund, as well as the EU Just Transition Fund. 
Results 
Both the amine scrubber technology and the Chart Cryogenic Carbon Capture™ shown to be highly effective for capturing CO2 at high purity level 
and capture efficiency across gaseous and liquid states. The CCC technology, in particular, distinguished itself by offering a lower energy penalty, 
leading to reduced OpEx, and presenting lower initial CapEx compared to the amine scrubber technology. 
During the project work some future research and development activities related to capture technologies were identified as including piping and 
networks between the capture process and transport and storage infrastructure. It was also suggested to look at integration of capture process 
with other domains e.g. district heating. 
For additional information see: https://www.co2vision.dk/english/ 
This project has been carried out as part of the activities of the public-private partnership CO2 Vision. This partnership brings together local 
industries, educational institutions, business organisations and local government with the aim of investigating the establishment of infrastructure 
for CCUS in North Jutland-Denmark, including the import of CO2 for onshore and offshore storage, as well as use for production of methanol and 
sustainable aviation fuel.  
CO2 Vision partners was awarded € 12.4 million from the Danish Board of Business Development in 2022 and € 6.7 million from the EU Just 
Transition Fund in 2023.  
The consortium partners include Aalborg University, Aalborg Portland, Labour Market Office Mid/North, Business Region North Denmark, 
Business House North Jutland, Energy Cluster Denmark, Evida, Green Hub Denmark, North Denmark EU Office and University College North 
Jutland.
Start and end date 
01/06/2022 to 31/08/2023
Partners 
19 partners from 7 countries. From Denmark: 
Aalborg Portland, DTU, GEUS and Dansk 
Gasteknisk Center.
Partners 
Aalborg Portland, Aalborg University, Aalborg CSP

Page 83:
81
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
Pilot projects Techno-economic assessments Transport and storage projects 
GreenCem 
 
Purpose 
The core objective was to identify the most promising capture technology and make a concept study of an integrated carbon capture facility at the Aalborg 
Portland cement plant in terms of available thermal energy, flue gas composition and site logistics leading to the lowest possible carbon capture cost.  
For additional information, please see www.greencem.dk   
Total budget 
The total funds for the project were € 1.5 million, out of 
which € 500,000 were funded by Cementir. 
 
 
Results 
The result of the project was a concept study for carbon capture. Two scenarios were investigated: 200,000 tons per year and 1 million tons per 
year captured CO2. For additional information please see https://greencem.dk/konference/ 
Start and end date 
01/08/2020 - 31/07/2022
Partners 
Aalborg Portland, Port of Aalborg, Aalborg Energi 
Holding, European Energy, Aalborg University, Cemtec 
Fonden (Hydrogen Valley), DFDS, Reno-Nord. COWI 
contributed as sub-contractor to Aalborg Portland.
MADE FAST 
 
Purpose 
Prepare a technical and economic analysis to investigate the factors (environmental, social, economic, regulatory) that could influence the carbon 
capture and value chains for utilisation and storage of CO2 from Aalborg Portland’s cement. 
Total budget 
The total funds for the project were € 330.000 of which € 
90,000 was funded by Cementir. This project was funded 
by the Manufacturing Academy of Denmark-MADE. 
 
Results 
The environmental analysis shows that it is possible to reach carbon neutrality when implementing CCUS if the cement facility operates with 
renewable energy and with a high share of alternative fuels. More details are provided in the following academic publication: Preconditions for 
achieving carbon neutrality in cement production through CCUS. 
Start and end date 
01/08/2020 - 31/07/2023
Partners 
Aalborg Portland, Aalborg University, Manufacturing 
Academy of Denmark (MADE).

Page 84:
82
Pilot projects Techno-economic assessments Transport and storage projects 
CASPER 
 
Purpose 
The project aims to demonstrate the full CCS value chain from a cement plant. This will be done by capturing and processing at least 20 tons 
of CO2 from the flue gas during a campaign in 2024. Measuring the quality of the CO 2 and compare with existing standards relevant in 2024. In 
addition, evaluating the effect of impurities on CO 2 transportation in a new 50 m long CO 2 pipe test facility to prepare for CO 2 infrastructure that 
can be implemented in 2025. 
Total budget 
The total budget is approximately € 2 million of which  
€ 600,000 is funded by the project partners, including 
Cementir with the rest funded by the INNO-CCUS 
partnership funded by the Danish Innovation Fund. 
Results 
-
Start and end date 
2024 to 2026 
NORNE 
 
Purpose 
Norne Carbon Storage Hub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fidelis New Energy, and it consists of two reception facility sites in Denmark - one at the 
Port of Aalborg and one at the Port of Kalundborg.  Norne is developing the CO2 pipelines and storage facilities to safely and permanently store CO2. 
Norne will receive and store CO2 from both Danish and European CO2 emitters in need of CO2 storage. The Norne hub will deliver significant climate 
impact by enabling CO2 emitters to permanently store their emissions. 
In June 2023 Aalborg Portland signed a letter of intent with Norne, enabling the cement producer to potentially store CO2 to the Norne Carbon Storage 
Hub in Aalborg through a direct pipeline connection by 2030. 
Total budget 
Not identified, yet 
 
Start and end date 
8th June 2023 -  
Not identified, yet
Partners 
Cementir Holding-Aalborg Portland, Technical 
University of Denmark-DTU, Pentair, Teknologisk 
Institut, Dansk Gasteknisk Center, EVIDA, Gas 
Storage Denmark.
Partners 
-
Results 
-

Page 85:
83
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
CO2 infrastructure for Belgium 
The Belgian energy infrastructure company Fluxys is designing a CO2 pipeline in Belgium, collecting the needs 
of various emitters and routing such CO2 to different exit points. Cementir has clearly expressed its interest in 
being included in such an important project, aiming at optimising the method and cost of CO2 transportation 
and centralising liquefaction and loading facilities.  
In 2022, CCB, the Belgian subsidiary of Cementir, signed a LoI (Letter of Intent) with Fluxys. For additional 
information about the CO2, infrastructure proposed by Fluxys, please see  
https://www.fluxys.com/en/energy-transition/hydrogen-carbon-infrastructure/carbon_preparing-to-build-
the-network
Pilot projects Techno-economic assessments Transport and storage projects 
Greenport Scandinavia  
 
Purpose 
Project for the implementation of a terminal for the transportation and storage of CO2.  
About - Greenport Scandinavia 
Total budget 
This project has received € 14,6 million from the EU Just 
Transition Fund. 
 
 
Results 
- 
Start and end date 
13th June 2023
Partners 
INEOS Energy, Wintershall Dea, Evida, Biocarb 
Solution, Hirtshals Havn, Aalborg Portland, 
Greenport North, EUC Nord, Hydrogen Valley and 
Energy Cluster Denmark.
SNAM-Polimi-CCB  
 
Purpose 
Evaluation of variuos capture technologies: partial Oxyfuel with Hydrogen, Partial Oxyfuel with chemical absorption using amines and chilled 
ammonia.  
Total budget 
N/A 
 
 
 
Results 
Advantages and disadvantages of each technology were identified taking into consideration the specific conditions at the CCB cement plant. 
Relevant KPIs such as CapEx, OpEx and cost of CO2 avoidance were obtained for each solution. Further research suggests studying and concept 
design of an integrated project considering also CO2 transport and storage, leveraging on existing and announced projects (i. e. Fluxys) and 
continue with a feasibility study on the final solution.  
Start and end date 
March to December 2022
Partners 
SNAM, Politecnico di Milano, CCB.

Page 86:
MAIN INVESTMENTS NEEDED TO ACHIEVE CO₂ REDUCTION TARGETS  
 
The 2030 Roadmap describes the main investments and programmes needed to support the Group’s 2030 carbon 
reduction targets. To foster the transition of the Group to a low carbon economy, decisions on investments are 
driven by an internal carbon price (in 2023, this was set at €83 per ton) and a detailed scenario analysis is 
undertaken to anticipate the CO₂ impact the Group may be exposed to in the coming years. 
In the three-year period 2024-2026, the Group expects to invest approximately € 100 million in sustainability 
projects including: preliminary studies for CCS in Denmark and Belgium; the kiln upgrade at the Belgian plant to 
increase the use of alternative fuels from the current 40% to over 70%; the transition to natural gas in some of 
the Group's plants, the preparation of the structures necessary for the production of FUTURECEM® in Denmark, 
the increase in the use of alternative fuels in Türkiye and other projects to reduce the climate impact of transport, 
procurement, logistics and the optimisation of water resources usage in the production process. 
INDUSTRIAL PLAN 2024 - 2026: CUMULATIVE CAPEX
80
23
Sustainability CapEx
2023
Actual
2024
Maintenance and expansion CapEx
87
48
2025 2026
80
27
10796
135
103
72
24
Million Euro
Shanghai ZiKaWei Library-Aalborg White based GRC facade elements produced by Anhui Huiliao Group
84

Page 87:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
85
Cementir Holding N.V. commits to achieving net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across the value chain by 
2050. 
 
2050 ambition: Scope 1 emissions 
Cementir will maximise existing technology to reduce Scope 1 emissions according to a net-zero pathway endorsed 
by the SBTi and the EU. This will require: 
• Replacing fossil fuels with biomass, waste-derived fuels, CO₂-free fuels and increasing the efficiency of the kilns. 
• Widespread development of FUTURECEM® to minimise clinker content in cement.  
• Deployment of breakthrough carbon capture and storage/use technologies (CCUS). 
• Carbon offset measures to compensate for unavoidable residual emissions. 
 
2050 ambition: Scope 2 emissions 
After 2030, Cementir will eliminate Scope 2 emissions by expanding renewable energy sources. The Group will use 
off-site opportunities, by setting up power purchase agreements and on-site opportunities, and by installing wind 
and solar solutions for electricity on land that it owns. 
In this regard, in 2023 the Group signed agreements (PPA) with Engie and EtherEnergy for the subsidiary in Belgium, 
CCB, reaching a maximum deliverable capacity, between wind and solar, of 25 MWh. 
 
2050 ambition: Scope 3 emissions 
Cementir will reduce Scope 3 emissions according to a net-zero pathway. This will require the embedding of  CO₂ 
emissions in sourcing decisions for all purchase categories and the promotion of zero-emissions transportation 
solutions within our network. 
 
 
2050
NET ZERO
2050 AMBITION
• Net-zero greenhouse emissions across the value chain validated by SBTi 
• 96.1% reduction in scope 1 and scope 2 per ton of cementitious material (2021 baseline) 
• 90% reduction in scope 3 (2021 baseline) 
• Carbonoffset as an option to compensate unavoidable residual emissions 
• FUTURECEM® widespread use 
• 100% fossil fuels-free energy 
• Implementation of Carbon Capture & Storage technology, if economically viable 
2030
UPDATED ROADMAP TO 2030
• 29.33% reduction in scope 1 and scope 2 per ton of cementitious material (2021 baseline) validated by SBTi  
• 29.00% reduction in emissions per ton of purchased clinker and cement (2021 baseline) validated by SBTi  
• Grey cement target: -36% from 718 to 458 kg CO2/ton cement equivalent 
• White cement target: -19% from 915 to 737 kg CO2/ton cement equivalent 
 
2050 AMBITION 

Page 88:
86
VALUE CHAIN ENGAGEMENT 
 
THE IMPACT OF THE VALUE CHAIN ON CLIMATE CHANGE AND WATER SECURITY 
 
To understand the environmental impact of a company’s economic activity, it is not enough to look at only its direct 
emissions and risks. The entire value chain must be engaged to evaluate and 
improve its performance. 
The value chain engagement is, therefore, an essential component for managing 
risks, ensuring quality, fostering innovation, and aligning with ethical and 
sustainable practices. This collaborative approach enhances a company's 
overall resilience and competitiveness in the market. 
For all these reasons, starting from 2020, Cementir has started to calculate its 
Scope 3 emissions, by increasing its suppliers’ climate change awareness and 
understanding where to prioritise reductions in the value chain in line with 
science-based guidelines. 
Furthermore, the suppliers’ engagement process has been enriched through participation in the CDP Supply 
Chain programme. Since 2020, an increasing number of strategic suppliers have been invited to complete the 
Climate Change Questionnaire. In this questionnaire, suppliers disclose information about their risks and 
opportunities related to climate change, emissions data, specifics about their emissions management strategy - 
including targets - and the actions they have implemented to mitigate their emissions.  
Starting from 2023, the suppliers’ engagement process has been enriched by the invitation to complete the Water 
Security Questionnaire as well. This specific module facilitates the identification of water resources used, by 
suppliers, in their direct operations and supply chain, the procedures in place for their water risk assessments, 
and their risk-related mitigation strategies/opportunities.   
Cementir’s strategy enphasises the growing importance the Group places on preserving and safeguarding these 
valuable common natural resources.  
As in previous years, the engagement has been focused on the Top Group Suppliers, those suppliers evaluated 
strategic by the Group due to factors such as the proportion of spending, geographic location, type of raw material 
and services provided. 
Below are the results from 2023, for both questionnaires, through the involvement of suppliers. 
 
1. CDP Supply Chain - Climate Change  
a. The number of suppliers responding to Climate Change increased by 13 suppliers (1.26x) when compared to 
2022 
b. The highest responding industry was the one of Materials 
c. The highest responding country was the United States of America 
d. The 90% of responding suppliers have in place emission reduction initiatives 
e. The 67% of responding suppliers have a transition plan aligned to a 1.5-degree world.
                                                                                                                           2023                     2022                    2021                    2020 
A) Suppliers involved                                                                                   154                      110                       75                       55 
B) Suppliers that responded                                                                         63                        43                       29                       17 
C) Response rate (B/A)                                                                               41%                     39%                    39%                    31% 
The value chain engagement 
is an essential component for 
managing risks, ensuring 
quality, fostering innovation, 
and aligning with ethical and 
sustainable practices

Page 89:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
2. CDP Supply Chain - Water Security 
a. The 100% of responding suppliers have a risk assessment procedure in place  
b. The 85% of responding supplier report withdrawal from water stressed areas 
c. The 100% of responding suppliers report water-management at the C-suite  
d. The 91% of responding suppliers report water targets or goals, with a prevalence of WASH targets 
To support suppliers’ engagement and boost the response rates, dedicated supplier training webinars have been 
held since 2020.  
This training aims to communicate the importance and benefits from transparently reporting on emissions, climate 
impact and water security.  
 
 
SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT 
 
Recognising the importance of the whole value chain Cementir is committed to ensuring that everyone integrates 
and respect the highest standards according to the company’s policies. As part of this, the Supplier Code of 
Conduct was reviewed in 2022.  
Using a systemic approach, compliance and adoption of practices that are also consistent with internal group 
policies have been boosted. The area most impacted by the review is that of ‘ Protection of health, safety and 
environment’, aligned with the company’s principles, with a specific focus on water policy was introduced.  
After the publication of the new release all loc al procurement has been updated. Cementir considers this a 
necessary step to fuel the on-going conversation with its suppliers.  
 
Cement plant and chalk pit in Aalborg, Denmark
                                                                                2023 
A) Suppliers involved                                          154 
B) Suppliers that responded                                34 
C) Response rate (B/A)                                      22% 
87

Page 90:
88
OUR COMMITMENT ON CARBON-RELATED PUBLIC POLICY 
 
Cutting CO2 emissions is the Cementir Group’s priority, however it clearly cannot achieve a carbon-neutral future alone.  
Cementir is actively involved in global and national industry policy discussions on issues related to climate change, 
sustainable infrastructure, innovation and digital transformation, operational efficiency, health and safety, the circular 
economy, alternative fuels, and waste management frameworks, among others. 
To achieve such challenging goals Cementir believes that collaboration with industries, associations, governments, 
society, policy makers, researchers and innovators plays a fundamental role by being of crucial importance.    
Cementir is collaborating with some of the major global associations with which to tackle climate change and develop 
innovative and sustainable solutions. Furthermore, at the local level, subsidiaries are also involved in specific business 
associations, according to the business in which it operates. 
Cementir is a member of the Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA), with the 
aim of fostering innovation and collaboration with industry associations and inspiring 
architects, engineers and innovators across the globe and along the length of the built 
environment value chain. Through the GCCA, in 2019, Cementir joined Innovandi, a network connecting cement industry 
and scientific institutions to drive new ways of working and innovations, with the contribution of several representatives. 
Cementir is also involved in specific working groups arranged by the GCCA for the development of sector guidelines 
concerning the definition of a net zero roadmap, the management of health and safety and ESG reporting. 
In 2019, the Group became a member of the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) in order to improve the 
Group’s accountability for climate change. In 2023, Cementir was awarded an ‘A-’ rating for Climate 
Change from the CDP, maintaining the 2022 ‘A-’ rating and placing Cementir above the cement and 
concrete sector average (B) and the European average (B). For the second time, Cementir was also 
awarded a ‘A-’ rating for water security, higher that the Europe regional average (C) and higher than 
the cement and concrete sector average (B). 
In February 2024, the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) validated Cementir’s CO2 
emission reduction targets, judging them to be consistent with the 1.5 °C scenario see 
paragraph “Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi)”. 
Cementir is a member of the European Cement Research Academy (ECRA). The ECRA’s 
most important research projects are related to carbon capture and storage (CCS) technology. 
The Group is also a member of the CEMBUREAU (European Cement Association), through which it is directly involved 
in dedicated working groups that are participating in advocacy regarding new legislation, as well as providing feedback 
to the EU Commission concerning the EU Taxonomy, CSRD (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) and with 
the aim of supporting the sustainability agenda of the cement industry. 
In CEMBUREAU, Cementir participates in the following bodies: 
• Board  
• Climate & Energy  
• Resources and Processes 
• Health & Safety 
• Markets and Products. 
Finally, since November 2019, through the Danish subsidiary, Aalborg Portland, the Group has been involved in the 
most ambitious CO₂ reduction project ever sponsored by a national government. In autumn 2019, the Danish 
government made a broad political agreement with all political parties, including one at the parliamentary level, on a 
binding climate law with the target of reducing Danish CO₂ emissions by 70% by 2030 compared with the 1990 baseline. 
The Chief Commercial Officer of Aalborg Portland is leading the climate partnership for Danish energy-intensive 
industry. The working group will provide the Danish government with a technical forecast of all potentially achievable 
CO₂ reductions and will define the prerequisites (policy, research, innovation, subsidies, etc.) for such reductions.  


Page 91:
89
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
GOVERNANCE  
THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SYSTEM  
 
Cementir Holding N.V. (hereinafter ‘Cementir Holding’ or the ‘Company’) is a Dutch public limited company with 
its registered office in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, at 36 Zuidplein, 1077 XV and a secondary and operational 
office in Rome, Italy, at Corso di Francia, 200. The tax residence of the Company is in Italy. 
The Company has been listed on the Milan Stock Exchange since 1955, currently in the Euronext STAR Milan 
segment. 
Cementir Holding has elected the Netherlands as home Member State for the purposes of Article 2(1)(i)(iii) of 
Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 December 2004 (the so-called 
‘Transparency Directive’). 
The Corporate Governance system adopted by the Cementir Group is in line with the principles and best practice 
provisions set out in the current version of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (hereinafter the ‘Corporate 
Governance Code’), applied by the Company. Compliance with the Code is herein referred to the version dated 8 
December 2016 unless otherwise expressly stated. It is based on the essential role of a one tier Board of Directors 
(as the highest body responsible for managing the Company in the interest of its shareholders), on transparency 
in the company’s decision-making processes and on an effective network of internal controls. The system was 
implemented by the Group by preparing and adopting codes, standards, rules and procedures that govern and 
regulate the conduct of the activities of all organisational and operating units of the Group.  
The annual Corporate Governance Report is also available for consultation with further details within the Annual 
Report on the company website Cementir Holding N.V in the Governance section. 
Also detailed within the Annual Report are the  Remuneration Policies of the Board and Senior Executives, 
comprehensive in the Remuneration Report, on the company website (see the Shareholders' Meetings section, 
Shareholders' Meetings | Cementir Holding N.V.). 
The General Meeting is responsible for passing ordinary and extraordinary resolutions on matters reserved to 
the General Meeting by law or by the Articles of Association.  
The Board of Directors is vested with the broadest powers of ordinary and extraordinary administration, except 
for those exclusively reserved to the General Meeting by law and by the Articles of Association. The Board may be 
composed by one or more Executive Directors and one or more Non-Executive Directors, with a total number of 
Directors between five and fifteen. 
The Executive Director is responsible for the management of the Company with the widest powers to the maximum 
extent permitted by the applicable law, developing and setting the Company’s objectives and strategy, overseeing 
the associated risk profile and addressing corporate social responsibility issues that are relevant to the Company. 
The Executive Director also discusses the effectiveness of the design and operation of the internal risk 
management and control systems with the Audit Committee and reports on this to the Board. 
The Chief Executive Officer is primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company and is vested 
with each and every power of ordinary and extraordinary administration of the Company, to the maximum extent 
permitted by the applicable law. Only one Executive Director has been appointed and he is also automatically Chief 
Executive Officer and Chairman pursuant to the Company’s Board Rules8 and Articles of Association9.  
The Board also appoints an independent non-executive director as Senior Non-Executive Director. As set out in 
the corporate documents of the Company (i.e. the Articles of Association and the Board Rules), the Senior Non-
Executive Director acts as chairman of the meeting of the Board of Directors pursuant to Dutch law (article 2:129a 
8 The document “Board Rules” governing the internal proceedings of the board of directors of Cementir Holding N.V. is available in the 
corporate website. Please see https://www.cementirholding.com/en/governance/corporate-regulations. 
9 The document “Articles of Association” is available in the corporate website. Please see https://www.cementirholding.com/en/governance/corporate-
regulations.

Page 92:
90
Dutch Civil Code) and in compliance with Best Practice Provision 2.1.9 of the Corporate Governance Code. In this 
regard, it should be noted that in its role of chairman, the Senior Non-Executive Director is amongst others 
responsible for ensuring that there is sufficient time for deliberation and decision-making by the board of directors 
and that the directors timely receive all information that is necessary for the proper performance of their duties. 
In this capacity, the Senior Non-Executive Director collects and coordinates the requests and contributions of non-
executive directors (and more in particular the independent directors). Accordingly, the chair of the Board of 
Directors, executed by the Senior Non-Executive Director, plays a liaison role between executive and non-executive 
directors and thus ensures the effective functioning of the Board of Directors. The Senior Non-Executive Director 
cannot be a former Executive Director and must be independent in accordance with Best Practice provision 2.1.8 
of the Corporate Governance Code. The Senior Non-Executive Director cannot be the chair of the Audit Committee 
or the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. 
The Board may designate one (1) or more of its Non-Executive Directors as vice-chair for a period decided by the 
Board. If the Senior Non-Executive Director is absent or unwilling to act as the chair, a vice-chair is entrusted 
with the duties of the Senior Non-Executive Director entrusted to him by the Board.  
The Board has established three committees from among its members to provide advice and submit proposals: 
the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Sustainability Committee. 
 
 
NOMINATION AND SELECTION PROCESSES OF HIGHEST CORPORATE BODY AND ITS 
COMMITTEES  
 
Directors are appointed by the General Meeting. Directors can only be nominated for appointment pursuant to: 
(i) a proposal of the Board. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee prepares the Board's decision-
making, including the proposals of the Board for the General Meeting, regarding:  
a. the drawing up of selection criteria and appointment procedures for Executive Directors and Non-Executive 
Directors; 
b. the periodical assessment of the size and composition of the Board, and the making of proposal for a 
composition profile of the Board; 
c. the proposal for appointment and reappointment of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors; 
d. the supervision of the policy of the Board regarding the selection criteria and appointment procedures for 
senior management;  
e. the drawing up of the Company's diversity and inclusion policy for the composition of the Board and a 
category of employees in managerial positions (“senior management”) determined by the Board; or 
(ii) to a proposal of one or more Shareholders, alone or together representing at least the 3% of the issued 
share capital, provided that the proposal has been notified to the Board in accordance with the requirements 
of the Articles of Association.  
The nomination shall state whether a person is nominated for appointment as Executive Director or Non-Executive Director.  
The selection process takes into account the principles and best practice provisions of the Corporate Governance 
Code and the Board Profile setting: 
(i) the size, in line with the provisions of the Articles of Association; 
(ii) the desired experience, expertise and background, relevant for the business of the Company 10 and the 
personal qualities11; 
10 As of end of financial year 2023: finance, administration and accounting and internal risk management and control systems, with specific 
expertise in the preparation and auditing of annual accounts; management strategy and risks inherent to the Business; managemen t 
selection, recommendation and development; compliance, corporate governance, stock exchange rules and stakeholder management; 
international developments in markets and products in a field comparable with that in which the Company operates or which it is seeking 
to enter; long and consolidated knowledge and experience in the field of industrial production in general and of the cement and /or 
construction and/or building industry in particular; Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) and sustainability. 
11 As of end of financial year 2023: Managerial experience and skills at highest levels; Experience with large, listed companies; Understanding 
of a global business; Entrepreneurial attitude; Sound business judgement, common sense, and decisiveness; International orienta tion; 
Adequate availability, in a way that appropriate amount of time may be dedicated to preparation and attendance of meetings; Impartiality, 
integrity, tolerance of other points of view, balance and ability to act critically and independently; No conflicts of interest. 

Page 93:
91
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
(iii) the independence requirements, as defined in the Corporate Governance Code and the minimum number 
of independent members according to the Rules of the Milan Stock Exchange where the Company is listed;  
(iv) the diversity and inclusion targets detailed by the Board in the Diversity and Inclusion Policy, according to 
the Dutch Civil Code.  
The members of the Committees, pursuant to the Board Rules and to the Code, are appointed by the Board. 
The Audit Committee and the Remuneration and Nomination Committee are formed by not less than three 
members, exclusively Non-Executive Directors and more than half of the members of these committees should 
be independent; at least one member of the Audit Committee must have specific expertise in financial reporting 
and in the reviewing of financial reports. 
The Sustainability Committee consists of at least three members with a majority of Independent Non-Executive 
Directors. The Board may also at any time and in its sole discretion remove any member of the Sustainability 
Committee and may fill any vacancy in the Sustainability Committee, upon recommendation of the Remuneration 
and Nomination Committee. 
For each Committee the Board also appoints a chairman from the members of the committee. Neither the Audit 
Committee nor the Remuneration Committee should be chaired by the Senior Non-Executive Director or by a 
former executive director of the company. 
The Cementir Holding’s Committees currently appointed meet the above requirements. 
 
 
EVALUATION OF BOARD’S PERFORMANCE   
 
Pursuant to Best Practice provision 2.2.8 and 5.1.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Non-Executive 
Directors of Cementir Holding carry out, for each financial year, an assessment of the size, composition, profile 
(including competencies and expertise) and functioning of the members of the Board, the Board itself and its 
Committees, indicating: (i) how the assessment of the Non-Executive Directors, as a whole and individually, 
and of the committees was carried out paying attention also to substantive aspects and events in practice from 
which lessons may be learned, conduct and culture, the mutual interaction and collaboration; (ii) how the 
assessment of the Executive Director was carried out;  (iii) the main findings and conclusions of the evaluations; 
(iv) what has been or will be done with the conclusions from the evaluations. 
The assessment is carried out yearly by the Directors filling in questionnaires regarding the size, composition, 
profile and functioning of the Board, its members and the committees and, upon their request, through a 
personal interview. The Company’s Corporate Affairs Department deals with the collection and management 
of confidential feedback. The assessment takes into account the replies of the Non-Executive Directors who 
expressed their views filling in the aforementioned questionnaires. 
In the light of the suggestions expressed by the Non-Executive Directors during the yearly assessment, the Company 
evaluates possible actions. In particular, during 2023, the Board  organised several induction sessions, among them 
a cybersecurity session, in light of the high level of awareness shown towards training and information activities of 
various kinds also in relation to the Group's structure and industrial business development strategies and took into 
account the updated Board Profile in the renewal of the Board including ESG expertise 
and international orientation and background. The new Board reflects the suggested 
reduction in number, strengthening the achievement of diversity targets in the composition 
of the Board, as detailed in Board Profile, under several aspects relevant to the Company 
and, specifically, expertise, education, background, gender and personal qualities. 
The Non-Executive Directors expressed in general a high degree of awareness in 
relation to sustainability issues, in line with the strategic lines and objectives pursued 
by the Company. 
The Non-Executive Directors 
expressed in general a high 
degree of awareness in 
relation to sustainability 
issues

Page 94:
The Company ensures that it carries out continuous training activities, in accordance with Best Practice 
provision 2.4.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, also taking into account the results of the annual assessment 
provided for by Best Practice provision 2.2.8 of the same Code. 
Since the end of 2020, the comprehensive training offered by the Cementir Academy to Cementir Group 
employees has been extended to Board Members. The list of courses is designed to be continuously updated 
and expanded. 
In 2023, a deep introductory induction programme was prepared for the new Non-Executive Independent 
Members, also with the aim of illustrating the specific aspects unique to the Company and the Group as well 
as the business and the management.  Furthermore, an induction session on cybersecurity and digitalisation 
was organised for all Directors at the end of the Board Meeting of the 6th of November. 
In addition to the above, at least quarterly the financial results are examined and approved and the achievement 
of the industrial targets based on sustainability goals reviewed by the Board allowing the Non-Executive 
Directors to further enhance their knowledge of the sustainable development process. 
Kongoplein-Aalborg, White based white concrete seating elements for the inner garden in Deinze Belgium, 
produced by Urbastyle 
92

Page 95:
93
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD  
 
The gender and age distribution of the members of the Board of Directors and the Committees of the Cementir 
Holding is shown below.  
 
The above data referred to the composition of Board and Committees at 31st December of each financial year. 
The current composition of the Board of Directors shows a satisfactory degree of diversity, and it also meets 
the target set by current Dutch law on gender ratio, effective from 1 January 2022, i.e. at least one-third of Non-
Executive Directors for each gender. The Board has acknowledged the new targets on gender diversity and the 
Company’s compliance with them as detailed above, reviewing the diversity policy accordingly. It is also 
compliant with the diversity policy reviewed according to the new provisions of the Dutch Civil Code and with 
the profile approved by the Board where diversity is not based exclusively on gender and age, but also on 
technical and professional skills by education and experience, which must be taken into account when 
appointing new members of the Board of Directors. 
A more detailed report on the diversity targets achieved during 2023 is available in the corporate governance 
section of the Annual Report but is also partially included in the paragraph ‘Diversity, Equity and Inclusion’ 
paragraph of the Sustainability Report. 
                                                                                                                                     
Composition of Corporate Bodies                                    2023                                                       2022                                                            2021 
                                                                                   Men       Women           Total                Men       Women           Total                   Men     Women            Total 
Board of Directors                                                           
Under 30                                                                    0                  0                 0                    0                 0                 0                       0                0                  0 
30-50                                                                          1                  2                  3                    1                 3                 4                       2                2                  4  
Over 50                                                                       3                  2                 5                    5                 1                 6                       4                1                  5  
TOTAL                                                                             4                   4                  8                      6                 4                 10                        6                3                   9  
Of which independent                                               0                  3                 3                    1                 3                 4                       1                2                  3  
Audit Committee                                                             
Under 30                                                                    0                  0                 0                    0                 0                 0                       0                0                  0 
30-50                                                                          0                  1                 1                    0                 1                 1                       0                1                  1 
Over 50                                                                       0                  2                 2                    1                 1                 2                       1                1                  2  
TOTAL                                                                             0                  3                 3                      1                 2                   3                        1                2                   3  
Of which independent                                               0                  3                 3                    1                 2                 3                       1                2                  3  
Remuneration and Nomination Committee              
Under 30                                                                    0                  0                 0                    0                 0                 0                       0                0                  0 
30-50                                                                          0                  1                 1                    0                 1                 1                       0                1                  1 
Over 50                                                                       0                  2                 2                    1                 1                 2                       1                1                  2  
TOTAL                                                                             0                  3                 3                      1                 2                   3                        1                2                   3  
Of which independent                                               0                  3                 3                    1                 2                 3                       1                2                  3  
Sustainability Committee                                              
Under 30                                                                    0                  0                 0                    0                 0                 0 
30-50                                                                          0                  1                 1                    0                 2                 2                          
Over 50                                                                       1                  2                 3                    1                 1                 2 
TOTAL                                                                             1                   3                  4                      1                  3                  4  
Of which independent                                               0                  3                 3                    0                 3                 3 

Page 96:
94
THE SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE SYSTEM  
Every area, function and employee, from the top of the management chain to workers in plants around the 
world are involved in the implementation of proper sustainability practices. 
Several entities within the Group, primarily those included in the diagram, help direct a disciplined approach to 
sustainability management. 
The Board of Directors of Cementir Holding appointed for the first time, on 28 July 
2021 and then most recently on 27 April 2023 a Group Sustainability Committee 
(hereinafter the “Group Sustainability Committee”) demonstrating the continuously 
increasing relevance of sustainability-related issues and sensitivity of the Group 
towards them. 
The Group Sustainability Committee strengthens Group Sustainability Governance 
by integrating a Committee at the parent company level into the e xisting 
Sustainability Committee set up in 2019 within Aalborg Portland Holding A/S 
(hereinafter ‘APH Sustainability Committee’) as shown in the above chart. 
The Group Sustainability Committee plays the fundamental role of assisting the 
Cementir Holding Board in formulating and implementing a sustainability strategy 
with a view to creating long-term value for Cementir Holding and the Group and 
supporting the Board of the Company in the promotion of a healthy, safe and secure 
environment for stakeholders, sustainable development and social responsibility. 
The Group Sustainability Committee examines, evaluates and makes 
recommendations to the Cementir Holding Board and to other Group bodies such as the Remuneration 
Committee regarding the sustainability objectives for the incentivisation of management at Group, Region and 
BU level, acts as delegated by the Cementir Holding Board in matters of global and local sustainability, including 
as regards the definition, monitoring, evaluation and reporting of policies and practices, management standards, 
strategy, performance and governance, at global and local level. Furthermore, it regularly interfaces with the 
APH Sustainability Committee, the Sustainability Working Group (hereinafter the ‘SWG’) and the Group 
Management Team (hereinafter the ’GMT’) and provides periodic reports to the Board of Directors. 
The main task of the Group Sustainability Committee is to develop a Group Sustainability Strategy. 
The Group Sustainability Committee in particular: 
• Assists and advises Cementir Holding Board on its supervision of the Group’s policies, programmes and 
related risks, concerning sustainability matters, (including, but not limited to) sustainability matters related 
The Group Sustainability 
Committee plays the 
fundamental role of assisting 
the Cementir Holding Board 
in formulating and 
implementing a sustainability 
strategy with a view to 
creating long-term value for 
Cementir Holding and the 
Group
BOARD OF DIRECTORS – CEMENTIR HOLDING N.V.
GROUP SUSTAINABILITY
COMMITTEE
- SC -
GROUP MANAGEMENT TEAM 
- GMT -
REGIONAL MANAGEMENT
BUSINESS UNITS
SUSTAINABILITY
WORKING  GROUP
- SWG -
• Support the SC and Coordinates
   sustainability across the Group 
• Group level reporting
• KPIs monitoring
• Regional sustainability strategy implementation
• Industrial Plan implementation
• KPIs monitoring
• Implementation of Group Industrial Plan
• BU sustainability strategy implementation
• BU Industrial Plan implementation
• KPIs monitoring and reporting to Regional Management
• Operational arm of SC
• Monitor execution of 
   recommendations provided by     
   the SC to the GMT
• Ensures all activities    
   undertaken by Region/BU are 
   consistent with Group overall 
   climate change strategy
• Advices BoD on ESG  
   strategy, targets and focus areas
• Regular report to the Board
SUSTAINABILITY
COMMITTEE AALBORG 
PORTLAND HOLDING

Page 97:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
to public issues of significance to the Group and its stakeholders that may affect the Group’s business, 
strategy, operations, performance or reputation. 
• Receives regular reports from any subsidiaries’ Sustainability Committees and the SWG to respectively 
collect any required information and provide requested insights and advice to the Cementir Holding Board. 
• Provides regular reports to the Cementir Holding Board. 
• Acts under any authority delegated by the Cementir Holding Board relating to global and local sustainability 
matters, including with respect to setting out, monitoring, evaluating and reporting on policies and practices, 
management standards, strategy, performance and governance. 
• Reviews and approves goals and guidelines for environmental, social and governance compliance, aligned 
with the Group’s commitments and legal requirements. 
• Reviews, discusses and proposes the Group’s sustainability initiatives and engagement. 
• Assists in the Cementir Holding Board’s supervision of risks relating to sustainability matters overseen by 
the Group Sustainability Committee. 
• Reviews, assesses and makes recommendations: 
- To the Cementir Holding Board as to the Group non-financial reporting and annual sustainability report. 
- To the Cementir Holding Board and to other Group bodies such as subsidiaries’ Sustainability Committee 
and/or GMT regarding any sustainable development policy, including overall strategy or specific 
guidelines, management standards and key performance indicators of the Group relating to sustainability-
related issues with the aim of ensuring that the Group’s policies and procedures are in line with best 
practices. 
- To the Cementir Holding Board and to other Group bodies such as the Remuneration Committee on 
sustainability-related targets for management incentives at Group, regional and BU level. 
• Recommends health and safety targets for the Company and the Group to the Cementir Holding Board. 
• Supports the development of a health and safety culture in the Company and the Group also through its 
management. 
Nanjing Youth Olympic Center, Nanjing, China
95

Page 98:
96
• Annually provides reports of its actions to the Cementir Holding Board and makes recommendations to the 
Cementir Holding Board and to other Group bodies as it considers appropriate. 
• Reviews and reassesses the adequacy of its Charter and recommends to the Cementir Holding Board any 
improvements to the Charter that the Group Sustainability Committee considers necessary or appropriate. 
• Undertakes such other responsibilities or tasks within sustainability matters as the Cementir Holding Board 
may delegate or assign to the Group Sustainability Committee from time to time. 
The Group Sustainability Committee is made up of Mr Francesco Caltagirone Jr., the Chief Executive Officer, who 
acts as Chairman of the committee and three Independent Non-Executive directors, i.e. Ms Benedetta Navarra, 
Ms Annalisa Pescatori and Ms Adriana Lamberto Floristan, with the Group General 
Counsel appointed as Secretary. The Group Sustainability Committee is attended by 
Group Top Management, bringing their respective specific expertise in the field of health 
and safety, sustainable development and social responsibility, ensuring the coordination 
and adequate implementation of the sustainability strategy within the Group. 
The Group Sustainability Committee meets at least twice a year. 
The APH Sustainability Committee is currently chaired by the Chairman of Aalborg 
Portland Holding A/S (hereinafter ’APH’) and sets the Group guidelines and 
commitment in the field of sustainability. 
The APH Sustainability Committee meets at least quarterly undertaking any 
responsibilities or tasks relating to sustainability matters, with the main task being 
the development of a Group Sustainability Strategy. 
The purpose of the APH Sustainability Committee is to provide regular reports to the 
APH Board and assist and advise the APH Board in its oversight of the Group’s policies, 
programmes and related risks, however they might concern sustainability matters. It 
acts under the authority delegated by the APH Board with respect to setting out, monitoring, evaluating and reporting 
on policies and practices, management standards, strategy, performance and governance, relating to global and 
local sustainability matters, involving the Group and it regularly interfaces with the Sustainability Department, SWG 
and GMT to respectively collect any required information and provide requested insights and advice.  
In 2020, the Sustainability Working Group (SWG) was established. The SWG is now the operational arm of the Group 
Sustainability Committee. On a monthly basis, the SWG monitors the execution of the recommendations provided by 
the Group Sustainability Committee to the GMT. Moreover, it must ensure that all activities undertaken by each Region 
and BU are consistent with the Group’s overall climate change strategy. Each region and BU must report and agree 
any activities undertaken at local level with business associations, policy makers or local communities with the SWG.  
The GMT, composed of the Group COO, CFO, Sales Officer, Procurement Officer, Technical Coordinator Officer, 
Information Technology Officer and Head of Regions, supports the Group CEO’s decisions on relevant topics, 
defines operating guidelines and plays a vital role in ensuring that sustainability efforts are aligned with 
economic and business objectives. 
The Group's management is primarily responsible for internal controls and risk management activities, assisted 
by the second level control functions in defining adequate risk management and control systems based on the 
respective levels of responsibility (e.g. EHS, Anti-corruption, Antitrust and Privacy). 
Ownership of the Group strategy remains with the Board of the Group parent company, setting the overall 
strategy, approving the performance objectives and goals for the Group and the yearly Group NFS. 
The Board of the parent company designs, implements and maintains the guidelines of the risk management 
and control system, so that the main risks associated with the strategy and activities of the whole Group, in any 
case the strategic, operational, compliance and reporting risks, are correctly identified and adequately 
measured, managed and monitored, determining, moreover, the level of compatibility of such risks with the 
management of the company in a manner consistent with its strategic objectives establishing the risk appetite 
The Group's management is 
primarily responsible for 
internal controls and risk 
management activities, 
assisted by the second level 
control functions in defining 
adequate risk management 
and control systems based on 
the respective levels of 
responsibility

Page 99:
97
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
and mitigation measures. In addition, the Board of the parent Company, with the support of the Audit Committee, 
reviews and evaluates at least on an annual basis the adequacy of the internal control and risk management 
system, including climate and other environmental and social considerations in the assessment, taking into 
account the characteristics of the company and its risk profile, as well as its effectiveness. Attention should be 
paid in particular to any weakness, instance of misconduct and irregularity, whistleblowing, lessons learned 
and findings from internal audit function and external auditors. 
Since 2012, the Cementir Group has approved the Corporate and Social Responsibility Policy establishing the set 
of values to be applied by the Group in terms of social and environmental responsibility and decided to voluntarily 
share its sustainable development policy by publishing an Environmental Sustainability Report long before it was 
required by law. Industrial decisions regarding major capital expenditures, acquisitions and/or divestitures, including 
climate and other environmental and societal matters, are submitted for the approval of internal bodies (GMT and 
Group Investment Committee12) and then for the approval of the Board, according to the relevant Group policies. 
ROLE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECT ORS IN OVERSEEING THE MANAGEMENT OF 
CEMENTIR’S IMPACTS 
 
Cementir's long-term sustainability strategy has been developed through a bottom-up approach over recent 
years. The functions concerned within the local structures, under the coordination of the Group's Top 
Management, have translated individual concepts and notions into a unique and coherent way of thinking, 
defining the Group's internal culture and identity, setting precise expectations, objectives and commitments, 
along the lines provided for by the regulatory framework. Once consolidated, this core framework was then 
formally reviewed, approved and validated by the Sustainability Committee set up within the Group at the level 
of the Board of the Danish subsidiary and, finally, transferred to the relevant entities for implementation 
through structured programmes and specific actions with fixed deadlines. Its assumptions and implications, 
from basic to more extensive, are summarised in the Group Industrial Plan, approved by the Company’s Board 
of Directors, the Sustainability Report, again approved by the Company’s Board of Directors and the Group 
Consolidated Financial Statements, approved by the General Meeting. 
12 The Group Investment Committee is responsible for the authorization and monitoring of Group Investment Plan. The Committee is composed 
by Group CEO Group COO, CFO, Information Technology Officer, Head of Regions and Investment Director.
Composition of the main sustainability bodies 
 
Group Sustainability Committee              APH Sustainability Committee                          Sustainability Working Group (SWG) 
(within the Cementir Holding Board)      (within Aalborg Portland Holding A/S) 
Group Chairman and CEO                         Group Chairman and CEO                                 Group Chief Operating Officer 
Independent Non-Executive Director       Chairman of Aalborg Portland Holding A/S,   Group Chief Internal Audit Officer 
Independent Non-Executive Director       Chairman of Compagnie                                  Group Chief Technical Coordination 
                                                                     des Ciments Belges SA                                     Officer 
                                                                     Group Chief Operating Officer                          Group Chief Sales & Marketing Officer 
                                                                     Group Chief Financial Officer                           Group Sustainability and R&D Director 
                                                                     Group Investor Relations Officer                      Nordic & Baltic Head of Region 
Independent Non-Executive Director       Group General Counsel                                     Belgium Managing Director 
                                                                     Group Chief Internal Audit Officer 
                                                                     Group Chief Technical Coordination Officer 
                                                                     Nordic & Baltic Head of Region 
                                                                     Belgium Managing Director 
                                                                     Türkiye Managing Director 

Page 100:
98
As described in paragraph “TCFD - Strategy” of this Sustainability Report - Non-Financial Statement as well 
as in the Corporate Governance Report, the strategy drawn up by the Chief Executive Officer and submitted to 
the Board in its entirety for approval in the context of the approval of the Industrial Plan, was inspired by the 
aim of sustainable long-term value creation by the Company and the other companies in the Group, with 
particular reference to the "Sustainability Roadmap " detailed in this Sustainability Report - Non-Financial 
Statement. Sustainability is clearly one of the main objectiv es that the Group has set itself and which, by its 
very nature, implies a process to be carried out in the medium-long term in the interest and for the benefit of 
the Company, Group, shareholders and stakeholders. 
The Board of Directors is an active promoter of behaviour consistent with the Group's values, not only with the 
approval of the pluriannual Industrial Plan which incorporates them, but also having given the Sustainability 
Roadmap high priority in recent years. 
Based on the analysis carried out, the Group has set 26 Sustainability Goals to be achieved by 2030, which 
cover the priority areas for Cementir. The objectives are linked to Cementir's effort to adopt all necessary 
measures and the most innovative technology to minimise the impact of the Cementir’s Group activity on the 
environment; creating a healthy, safe and inclusive work environment; respecting human rights and building 
a constructive and transparent relationship with local communities and business partners. These objectives, 
set by individual plant and by year, are included in the Business Plan and the short-term incentive system for 
employees. Cementir also pursues the creation of sustainable long-term value through a Long-Term Incentive 
Plan for its Top Management. 
The Board during its regular meetings, at least quarterly, among other issues receives updates on the strategy 
targets, discusses and approves the quarterly financial reports and monitors the risk management examining 
and approving the Enterprise Risk Assessment. 
Relations with shareholders and financial analysts are handled with a high degree of accuracy and in 
compliance with the policy, revised during the year in light of the Corporate Governance Code and applicable 
regulations. 
After each meeting of the Board of Directors approving periodic financial results, the Company organises 
conference calls to present these results to the financial community and informs the stakeholders by issuing a 
press release. A special section on the Company website has been dedicated to investor relations where 
presentations of financial results and press releases are published in accordance with the Best Practice provisions 
of the Corporate Governance Code. 
The Annual General Meeting is the natural event where Company’s shareholders can meet the Board of Directors 
and ask questions, participating to the Company’s decisions with their vote. The Board shall provide to the General 
Meeting any information it requests unless this would be contrary to an overriding interest of the Company. The 
Annual General Meeting is held every year not later than six months after the end of the financial year of the 
Company. The purpose of the Annual General Meeting is to discuss, inter alia, the annual report, the adoption of 
the annual accounts, allocation of profits (including the proposal to distribute dividends), release of members of 
the Board of Directors from liability for their management and supervision, and other proposals brought up for 
discussion. 
In 2023 the company, in compliance with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code, approved and published 
the Company’s website the Stakeholder Engagement Policy, recognising the vital role that stakeholders play in 
the company’s business operations and the importance of fostering positive and collaborative relationship with 
them, striving a constructive dialogue with all stakeholders, to build an effective, long lasting and shared beneficial 
relationship. 
Further examples of interaction with stakeholders other than shareholders, such as customers, suppliers, staff, 
the local community, public institutions and trade associations, are described in paragraph ‘Group’s Stakeholders’ 
in this Sustainability Report - Non-Financial Statement. The various stakeholders are involved in periodically 

Page 101:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
99
updating the materiality matrix, which considers as relevant those issues that may have a direct or indirect impact 
on the Company's ability to establish, maintain or adversely affect the Group's values. 
The Chief Executive Officer has appointed the Chief Operating Officer, through and together with the employees 
of the organisation directed by the same, to pursue the achievement of the targets of the Industrial Plan and 
manage the related impacts on the economy, environment and people. 
The Chief Operating Officer reports regularly to the Chief Executive Officer and at least quarterly to the Board 
during the meetings where both the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Financial Officer are in attendance. 
 
 
PROCESSES FOR ENSURING THAT CONFLIC TS OF INTEREST ARE PREVENTED  
 
The Board is responsible for dealing with any conflicts of interest that Directors or majority shareholders may 
have in relation to the Company to prevent them. In compliance to the principle 2.7 of the Corporate 
Governance Code, the Board Rules contain rules on dealing with conflicts of interest, including conflicting 
interests between Executive and Non-Executive directors on the one hand and the Company on the other and 
also stipulate which transactions require the approval of the Board. 
In particular, the Directors must be alert to conflicts of interest and may not: 
(a) compete with the Company; 
(b) demand or accept substantial gifts from the Company for themselves or their spouse, recognised 
partner or other life companion, foster child or relative by blood or marriage up to the second degree; 
(c) provide unjustified advantages to third parties at the Company’s expense; or 
(d) take advantage of business opportunities that the Company is entitled to, for themselves or for their 
spouse, recognised partner or other life companion, foster child or relative by blood or marriage up to 
the second degree. 
The Board Rules also provide for the definition of conflict of interest and for the 
reporting duties to the Board. A Director other than the Senior Non-Executive 
Director or Vice-Chairman must, without delay, report any conflict of interest or 
potential conflict of interest to the Senior Non-Executive Director, or in the Senior 
Non-Executive Director’s absence, the Vice-Chairman. The Senior Non-Executive 
Director must, without delay, report any conflict of interest or potential conflict of 
interest to the Vice-Chairman or, in the Vice-Chairman’s absence, to the other Di-
rectors. The Vice-Chairman must, without delay, report any conflict of interest or 
potential conflict of interest to the Senior Non-Executive Director or, in the Senior 
Non-Executive Director’s absence, to the other Directors. The Director must 
provide all relevant information, including any relevant information concerning his or her spouse, registered 
partner or other life companion, foster child and relatives by blood or marriage up to the second degree. 
The Board decides whether a Director has a conflict of interest, without the Director concerned being 
present.  
A Director may not participate in the Board’s or a committee’s deliberations and decision-making process on 
a subject where the Director is found to have a conflict of interest. This rule does not apply when the entire 
Board is unable to adopt a resolution as a result of all Directors being unable to participate in the 
deliberations and decision-making process due to a conflict of interest.  
Transactions in which there is a conflict of interests shall be performed and disclosed in accordance with 
applicable law and the Corporate Governance Code. During 2023, no transactions involving conflicts of 
interest among Directors and/or majority shareholders were reported or took place.
The Board is responsible for 
dealing with any conflicts of 
interest that Directors or 
majority shareholders may 
have in relation to the 
Company to prevent them

Page 102:
100
INTERNAL AUDIT  
 
The Internal Audit department, which operates at a central level, is an independent function that provides Senior 
Management and the Audit Committee with objective assurance and advisory services designed to assess the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the company’s internal control systems and use of resources. As of January 2019, the Internal Audit 
assumed a broader role, taking over responsibility for the group risk assessment encompassing all Group companies.  
The yearly audit plan is based on a structured analysis of the main risks affecting the Group, integrated with statutory 
assurance and compliance activities. 
 
The audit plan includes: 
• Operational audits;  
• Compliance audits (e.g. Law 262/05, 231, GDPR); 
• Human rights audits, see ‘Commitment to Human Rights’ and ‘Human rights audits performed in 2023’; 
• Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) audits, see ‘Commitment to Diversity Equity and Inclusion’ and ‘Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion audits performed in 2023’; 
• Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) audits, to monitor compliance with internal procedures and with the 
applicable environmental, health and safety regulation; 
• ESG audits, to monitor the compliance of the main non-financial KPIs with internal procedures and international 
standards (GRI and GHG protocol); 
• Business ethics audits, to monitor compliance with the Code of Ethics;  
• Investigations of any alleged violations received through the whistleblowing system, for additional information 
see the paragraph ‘The Code of Ethics’; 
• Special projects relating to requests put forward by Top Management. 
The Internal Audit Department verifies all Group companies on three-years basis. When appropriate times, the 
internal audit selects external parties to conduct specific audits (e.g. EHS audits).  
 
During 2023, the Internal Audit Department performed 136 audit activities, which included operational audits, 
compliance audits, Human rights audits, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) audits, Environmental Health and 
Safety (EHS) audits, ESG audits, Business ethics audits, Investigations of any alleged violations received through 
the whistleblowing system, Special projects relating to requests put forward by Top Management, covering all 
regions and BUs of the Group. 
 
 
INTEGRITY AND COMPETITION 
 
The Cementir Group sees integrity and competition as fundamental principles, especially in view of the 
specific risks that characterise the cement and ready-mix concrete production sector. The Group’s Code of 
Ethics is the reference document that sets out the rules of conduct that everyone in the Group and who works 
with it must follow. 
Alongside the Code of Ethics, within the individual regions, specific programmes and procedures have been adopted 
to ensure that these risks are mitigated and that companies operate correctly. Training courses are held periodically, 
organised by the Group to maintain a constantly high level of focus on this matter. 
 
 

Page 103:
101
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
THE CODE OF ETHICS 
 
Cementir Holding has adopted a Code of Ethics13 endorsing the business principles that all Company officers and 
employees, and anyone working with the company in any capacity, are required to comply with when pursuing 
company business. The Code of Ethics, which has been distributed to all staff and is available for consultation on 
the website www.cementirholding.com, covers respect for ethical and behavioural principles, and the protection of 
health, safety and the environment. 
The Code of Ethics also states that the Group’s operations must compete on the market in accordance with the 
laws and regulations of the relevant countries, in a spirit of integrity, propriety and confidentiality. To achieve this 
goal, the Cementir Group requires its employees to adhere to the highest standards of conduct in business, as set 
out in the Code and in the procedures to which it refers. The Group protects employees if they report violations of 
the Code and applies fair and proportional sanctions equally to all categories of employees, in accordance with the 
laws, contracts and domestic regulations applicable in the various jurisdictions. 
In order to monitor the continued compliance with the Code of Ethics by those employed by the Company and its 
subsidiaries and uphold the applicable regulations, the Board of Directors established an Ethics Committee. 
The Ethics Committee: 
• Monitors dissemination of the Code of Ethics and suggests possible training and awareness initiatives.  
• Reports to the Board of Directors on the status of the process of implementing the Code of Ethics, describing 
the programmes and initiatives undertaken to achieve the Company’s goals, any changes required to ensure 
its effectiveness and updates to the Code including in response to legal developments.  
• Provides support with the interpretation of the Code of Ethics.  
• Verifies violations. 
• Follows up on any reports of infringements.  
• Also addresses the periodic information report on whistleblowing. 
A whistleblowing system has been in place since 2013 and has been constantly updated (in 2023 as well with the EU 
Whistleblowing Directive 2019/1937 transposed in Italy by Legislative Decree 24/2023 that came into force) because 
the Company and the Group recognise its importance as an effective instrument to prevent illicit activities and allow 
individuals to exercise their freedom of expression as a fundamental human right. Consequently, employees, 
collaborators, administrators and third parties are able to report - without fear of retaliation or intimidation - any 
information regarding potential violations, non-compliant or unlawful behaviours and practices in relation to 
applicable regulations, including European Union legislation, the Group's Code of Ethics, internal procedures, and 
the respective companies' Organizational Model pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001. With the last update 
13 For the Code of Ethics, please see Code of Ethics 25 august 2020.pdf (cementirholding.com).
Aalborg Chalk pit, Denmark

Page 104:
102
put in place an additional and dedicated reporting channel, operated by a third party using a dedicated IT platform, 
has been created to further ensure confidentiality and protection of the whistleblowers. Please visit the corporate 
website for further details Ethics and compliance | Cementir Holding N.V.) 
Cementir Holding’s Internal Audit team receives the reports, analyses them and performs the audits. The results 
and any potential actions are assessed by the Ethics Committee. The relevant people and functions will be notified 
of any violations. 
The Cementir Audit Committee is periodically updated on the status of the allegations. 
The Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Audit Committee are reported in a timely manner in case of 
critical concerns, including concerns about the organisation’s potential and actual negative impacts on stakeholders 
raised through the grievance mechanisms of whistleblowing described above. 
The Board of Directors may be reported of any critical concern, during the meeting(s) when the Sustainability Report 
is discussed and approved. 
 
In 2023, 15 alleged violations were received and investigated. Specifically: 
• 5 claims were confirmed,  
• 2 claim were dismissed because there was not enough information to move forward with the investigation, 
• 4 claims were not confirmed, 
• 2 claims were partially confirmed as several allegations were received in one complaint but only part of them 
were confirmed, 
• the analysis for 2 claims, as of March 2024, are still in progress,  
 
The alleged violations were grouped according to three categories. 
 
The three categories related to: 
• ‘Healthy, safe and inclusive work environment’: behaviours which maintain a fair and secure workplace as 
established by the Code of Ethics. 
• ‘Asset and information’: respect of the group policies and procedures and protecting the group assets. 
• ‘Relations with external parties’: put in place business practices in compliance with the ethical standards 
established by the Code of Ethics and a socially responsible conduct regarding relations with suppliers, 
consultants, customers and communities. 
For all violations, the disciplinary measures taken were commensurate with the seriousness of the case and comply 
with local legislation. 
No critical concern has been raised through whistleblowing and consequently none has been reported. 
                                                                                                                                       2023                                                     2022 
 
Alleged violations                                                                                        Cases                  Cases                  Cases                  Cases 
                                                                                                                    received           confirmed             received          confirmed 
Healthy, safe and inclusive work environment                                             5                          2                         8                          2 
Asset and information                                                                                     4                          3                         3                          2 
Relations with external parties                                                                      6                          2                         1                          0 
Total                                                                                                                       15                            7                         12                           4 

Page 105:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
People at work, Denmark
COMMITMENT TO FIGHTING CORRUPTION 
 
The Cementir Group is active in the fight against corruption. In its Code of Ethics, it expressly prohibits ‘bribes, illegal 
favours, collusion, requests, directly and/or through third parties, for personal or career benefits for oneself or for others’. 
Since 2015, the company has stepped up its efforts to combat corruption through a written policy that defines roles, 
responsibilities, operating methods and behavioural rules. All Group companies, employees and everyone acting 
in the name and on behalf of subsidiaries must comply with this collection of behavioural rules in the performance 
of their responsibilities. Disciplinary measures, sanctions and other consequences also apply in the case of non-
compliance with the policy. 
The main objective of the policy is to provide a consistent approach to the fight against corruption throughout the 
Group, in order to ensure that companies operate according to Group values, so as to preserve the reputation of 
individual companies and ensure compliance with applicable laws. 
A compliance programme on corruption laws and in particular the UK Bribery Act was established during 2016. As 
well as covering the anti-corruption policy, the programme also sets out a procedure regulating gifts and hospitality, 
an assessment of corruption risk, due diligence on third parties and on training and education plans. The 
programme has been rolled out beginning with the subsidiaries in Türkiye in 2016 and extended during 2017 to 
various Group companies, including Aalborg Portland Anqing, Aalborg Portland Malaysia, Sinai White Cement and 
CCB. In 2018, the project was implemented in the Nordic and Baltic region. 
 
 
COMMITMENT TO HUMAN RIGHTS 
 
Respect for human rights is a basic tenant of Cementir’s beliefs and is consistent with its values and goals to 
be a more economically, socially and environmentally sustainable Group. The Cementir Human Rights Policy 
aims at supporting and guiding management and employees in achieving these goals. 
Cementir endorses the principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International 
Labour Organization (ILO) based on respect for the dignity of the individual without distinction of any kind. 
Cementir’s Human Rights Policy applies the founding principles of: 
• The United Nations International Charter (UN): 
- The Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
- The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 
- The International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights 
• The fundamental conventions of the International Labour Organization (ILO) - n. 29, 87, 98, 100, 105, 111, 
138, 182 - and the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work 
• The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child 
103

Page 106:
104
• The ILO Conventions n.107 and n.169 on the Rights of Indigenous and Tribal Peoples 
• The European Convention on Human Rights. 
At the Cementir Group, we are committed to promoting an inclusive and positive work environment, where 
respecting human rights, promoting equal opportunities and supporting health and well-being are our 
priorities. Our human rights approach is also driven by proactive stakeholder management engagement. 
Cementir promotes human rights within its business relationships and adherence to the same human rights 
standards by its contractors, suppliers and business partners. 
Since 2020, an online training course has been designed and launched primarily focused on the principles 
described in the Cementir Human Rights Policy and further detailed in local procedures.  
 
 
HUMAN RIGHTS AUDITS PERFORMED IN 2023 
 
As part of Cementir’s initiative to internally identify and mitigate any risks related to human rights, in 2019 the 
Internal Audit included a human rights self-assessment checklist as part of the standard internal audit process.  
Starting from 2020, the Internal Audit Department has verified the effective compliance of each company for 
the following areas: Child Labour, Forced Labour, Non-Discrimination, Conditions of Employment, Security 
and Supply Chain Management, Community Relationship, Customer Management and Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion. The results of these assessments are included in the annual Cementir Group sustainability reporting 
process and serve as further evidence of Cementir Group’s commitment to operating responsibly.  
In 2023, the activity was carried out in the companies listed below, with a coverage of 100%14 of Cementir’s 
workforce worldwide, involving the following countries: Belgium, Denmark, Norway, Türkiye, United States, 
China, Malaysia, Egypt, Italy and Poland. 
 
 
The analyses conducted highlighted that internal operations are considered to be in line with internationally 
recognised human rights and no risks were identified during the audit activities. 
Any alleged human rights violations can be reported through the whistleblowing system, in line with all other 
types of potential violations. 
 
14 Exception made for the company AB Sydsten, joint venture for which Cementir is not in charge for the operating activities. 
Asia Pacific 
• Aalborg Portland Anqing 
• Aalborg Portland Malaysia 
Nordic&Baltic 
• Aalborg Portland A/S 
• Aalborg Portland Holding 
• Aalborg Portland Belgium 
• Unicon Norway 
• Unicon Denmark 
• Aalborg Portland Polska 
North America 
• LWCC 
• Vianini Pipe  
Holding and Services 
• Cementir Holding 
• Aalborg Portland Digital 
• Spartan Hive 
 
Türkiye & Waste 
• Cimentas 
• Cimbeton 
• Sureko
Belgium and France 
• CCB 
• CCB France 
• SCT 
Egypt 
• Sinai White Cement 

Page 107:
105
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY EQUITY AND INCLUSION (DEI) 
 
In 2022 the Group Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy was released, strengthening the Company’s commitment 
on this topic which is one of its core values.  
The purpose of this policy is to establish guidelines in the Cementir Group that promote a culture of respect for 
diversity, work equality, non-discrimination and the inclusion of labour groups. 
The main objectives of this policy are:  
• Attract, hire and retain diverse talent for all positions within the Company;  
• Facilitate an inclusive working environment that ensures that all people within the Company feel accepted 
and integrated;  
• Promote equal opportunities in all areas of the Company;  
• Promoting collaboration and respectful communication among members of all the teams in the Group;  
• Promoting the achievement of UN’s Agenda 2030 and specifically of goals 5 (Gender Equality) and 10 (Reduce 
Inequalities).  
The Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy is communicated to all employees, without distinction of level, in the 
most appropriate way and in accordance with the local rules and practices. In 2023 specific training on this topic 
was launched in order to make all employees fully aware of this subject, for strengthen the development of the 
policy and ensure the establishment of a safe and equitable workplace for everyone, focusing on alliance and 
empathy, as key concepts for inclusive behaviour.  
Further details on the topic can be found under the paragraphs ‘Cementir Academy’ and ‘Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion’.   
 
 
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION AUDITS PERFORMED IN 2023 
 
Beside the Human Rights self-assessment, as already implemented in 2022, the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Self-Assessment was launched as part of the standard internal audit process to internally identify and mitigate 
any risks related to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion.  
Starting from 2022, the Internal Audit Department has monitored the application of Cementir’s core equity and 
fairness principles to: hiring processes, compensation levels, annual salary reviews and promotions, work-life 
balance arrangements and events to foster interest in technical careers among women. 
In 2023, the activity was carried out in all the Group’s companies, with a coverage of 100%15 of Cementir’s workforce 
worldwide, involving the following countries: Belgium, Denmark, Norway, Türkiye, United States, China, Malaysia, 
Egypt, Italy and Poland. 
The analyses highlighted that internal operations are in line with internationally recognised Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion principles, and furthermore that no risks were identified during the audit activities. 
 
 
15 Exception made for the company AB Sydsten, joint venture for which Cementir is not in charge for the operating activities. 

Page 108:
106
CODE OF ETHICS, HUMAN RIGHTS, DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION AWARENESS 
SURVEY 
 
In December 2023, the Internal Audit team has renewed its commitment to monitoring progress in Human Rights 
and DE&I by launching, for the second time, the Code of Ethics, Human Rights, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Awareness Survey. 
The survey was addressed to all white collar, manager and executive employees (coverage: 51% of Cementir’s 
employees with the aim of verifying the awareness of all employees regarding the contents of the Code of Ethics, 
the Group Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy and the whistleblowing system. Employees were invited to answer 
both multiple choice and open questions on the company’s approach and behaviour about the application, respect 
and dissemination of those important topics. 
The response rate was over 20% and all the answers collected have been discussed with the Top Management 
and a resulting action plan has been set up to monitor the sensitive and lacking areas.  
The findings of this survey, presented to each region, have been integrated into the Human Rights Audit Report to 
better align every Management Action Plan.   
 
 
CEMENTIR HOLDING ANTITRUST PROGRAMME   
 
The corporate culture and basic principles, to which the Group management attaches 
great importance and which have always characterised the development activities of the 
Company and of the Cementir Group in its entirety, are: the firm belief that a competitive 
market is a key value not only for customers but for the healthy growth of the Group 
business itself; the commitment to have people from all over the Group operate 
independently from competitors, relying only on their own skills and expertise, on 
coordination with the rest of the Group and on the high quality of the Group’s products.  
These values are spread by the affiliates in the various geographical areas where they 
operate, by adopting consistent, localised antitrust compliance programmes, directed 
to all employees and executives, informing them about the underlying values, the basic 
principles of competition law and the specific regulations applicable to their activities, 
also through specific training events on the subject. 
The antitrust compliance programmes adopted locally focus on issuing specific policies, monitoring their application 
through regular audit procedures, to ensure constant adequacy and correct implementation, as well as on updating 
the programme itself, wherever necessary in order to take into account any regulatory and/or legal developments.  
Under each competition compliance programme, all relevant actions and transactions of the company are 
monitored and their compliance with competition law requirements and practices duly scrutinised by Internal Audit.   
 
RELEVANT LITIGATION  
 
An administrative dispute is pending before the Court of Appeal in Türkiye, brought by the Turkish company 
Çimentaş AS, indirect subsidiary of Cementir Holding. The dispute relates to the order issued by the Turkish 
stock exchange’s regulatory and supervisory body (the Capital Market Board - CMB), requiring Çimentaş AS 
to demand that the concerned Cementir Group companies pay back around 100 million Turkish lira (now equal 
to around 3 million euros) from hidden profit distribution, allegedly generated by an intragroup company sale 
in 2009. On 29 January 2017, the CMB served a summons to Cementir Holding to appear before the Court of 
The antitrust compliance 
programmes adopted locally 
focus on issuing specific 
policies, monitoring their 
application through regular 
audit procedures, to ensure 
constant adequacy and 
correct implementation

Page 109:
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
Izmir, requesting that the company be ordered to pay to Çimentaş AS an amount provisionally set at 
approximately 1 million Turkish lira. The Company duly appeared in court, arguing the total lack of foundation 
of the plaintiff’s argument and requested that the civil proceedings be suspended until the administrative 
proceeding is finally settled. With a ruling of 1 July 2020, the Court of Appeal in Türkiye declared the lack of 
Turkish jurisdiction in relation to these proceedings. That judgment was overturned on 18 October 2021 by 
the Supreme Court, which definitively affirmed the existence of Turkish jurisdiction. In a judgment dated 6 
September 2023, the Izmir Court ordered Cementir Holding to pay Cimentas approximately 1 million Turkish 
lira. Cementir Holding and CMB appealed the decision before the Court of Appeal. 
There is not any other significant litigation or significant instances of non-compliance pending. 
 
 
CYBERSECURITY   
Cementir Group addresses the cybersecurity risk embracing a multi-year Cybersecurity Program. 
The Cementir Group Cybersecurity Program is inspired by the indications contained in the NIST Cybersecurity 
Framework, investing resources to deploy a proper Cybersecurity environment. 
The Cementir Group Cybersecurity Framework includes several items: Extended Detection and Response tool 
(XDR), SASE environment, NextGen firewalling, Multi Factor Authentication (MFA), email filtering and 
protection, vulnerability management and a SOC team (security Operation Centre) which analyses the outcome 
of the different items to identify possible threats. 
Special attention given to employees’ cybersecurity awareness. Indeed, to reinforce their sensitivity on the 
topic, several courses were held in 2023 (some of them based on a game/learning platform) and regular 
phishing campaigns have been issued throughout the year, evaluating the results and using them as a ‘lesson 
learned’ activity. Further details are available at the paragraph ‘Cementir Academy’. 
Every year a Cybersecurity Assessment is conducted, and based on the outcomes, some actions are regularly 
deployed. 
In the most recent calendar year, the following actions were deployed: 
• Reinforced Vulnerability Management and patching process. 
• Activation of a SOC service. 
• Deployment and testing a Security Incident Response Plan. 
• Cybersecurity controls that are regularly performed and monitored. 
• Limiting and management of Privileged Accounts. 
• Phishing Campaigns and Advanced Training on the latest threats. 
Lastly, in order to review our Cybersecurity posture, the Cementir Group is submitted to a Cybersecurity Rating 
Program and to some ethical hacking activities. 
The Cybersecurity Program is directly sponsored by the COO, and the activities are shared regularly with the 
Board of Directors.
107

Page 110:
108
RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK   
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
 
The Cementir Group's Internal Control and Risk Management System is defined as the set of tools, 
organisational structure, procedures and company rules to guarantee, through an adequate process of 
identification, measurement, management and monitoring of the main risks, correct and consistent business 
management with objectives set in terms of: 
• compliance with laws and regulations; 
• safeguarding of corporate assets; 
• operating activity effectiveness and efficiency; 
• reporting accuracy and completeness. 
The Internal Control and Risk Management System adopts a ‘top-down’ and ‘risk-based’ approach that starts 
from the definition of the Cementir Group's Industrial Plan. It ensures that the main risks are identified, 
assessed and monitored taking into account each business unit, to create a fully integrated risk management 
process. Risks are assessed with quantitative and qualitative tools considering both the probability of 
occurrence and the impacts that would be generated in a given time horizon if the risk were to occur. It also 
ensures that all necessary measures are taken to control risks that could threaten the Group's assets, its 
ability to generate profits or achieve its objectives. 
Roles and responsibilities in risk management have been defined starting from the Company's Board of 
Directors, which defines strategy, policy and risk appetite, supported by the Audit Committee and the 
Sustainability Committee. In addition, management teams from the Group companies are involved, with 
responsibility for risk management within their area of expertise. 
Below is a summary of the people and bodies involved and their responsibilities: 
• The Board of Directors plays the central role, defining the Group's risk appetit e, the nature and level of 
risk. In addition, it carries out an assessment of the risk s related to climate change, ensuring constant 
compatibility of management and strategic objectives. 
• The Audit Committee and the Sustainability Committee  (corporate bodies relevant in the risk definition 
process) support the Board of Directors, subject to a favourable opinion, in the definition and management 
of risks; 
• The CEO & Chairman : implements the general guidelines of the Board of Directors, ensuring the 
identification, management and monitoring of the main risks; 
• Risk owners , or the fi rst level of control, are primarily responsible for internal control and risk 
management activities; 
• Finally, Risk Management and Internal Audit are the main responsible for the internal control and risk 
management system (second and third level of control). They are responsible for verifying that the Internal 
Control and Risk Management System is functioning and adequate with respect to the size and operations 
of the Group, verifying, in particular, that the Management has identified the main risks, that they have 
been evaluated in a consistent manner and that the appropriate mitigation actions have been defined and 
implemented. 
 
 

Page 111:
109
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
The Cementir Group's Internal Control and Risk Management System is integrated into the Group's organisational, 
administrative, accounting and governance structure and has been prepared on the basis of the principles laid 
down by the Enterprise Risk Management - Integrated Framework, an international standard developed by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO Report), also ensuring greater detail 
in the identification of the risks of the companies and Group and integration with the results of the Audit activities. 
The methodology followed involves an iterative process consisting of the following steps: 
• Risk identification: the process starts with the definition of the Industrial Plan and focuses on the main 
risks that could compromise the achievement of the Group's objectives; 
• Risk assessment: for each identified risk, management gives an inherent risk assessment (in the absence 
of controls/mitigation actions), in terms of probability and impact during the horizon of the Industrial Plan, 
using a five-level assessment system (scoring): 
- Impact: scale from 1 (Negligible) to 5 (Extreme); 
- Probability: scale from 1 (Rare) to 5 (More than Likely) 
• With regard to impact, three parameters are considered: economic (quantitative), operational (qualitative), 
reputational (qualitative). Management at Region and Group level assesses the potential impacts and 
likelihood of major risks that could have a material adverse effect on the company's current or future 
operations. For sustainability and climate-related risks, the time horizon was extended to a long-term view 
for the analysis of the various threats that could jeopardise the success of the ‘ 10-year Roadmap to 
Sustainability’. For more details, see  ‘Cementir Roadmap 2030’ 
• Identification and assessment of the adequacy of the existing principals: for each identified risk, all the 
controls/actions currently in place for risk mitigation are identified with the management; 
• Residual Risk Assessment: taking into account the individual controls for each risk and the relative adequacy, 
the residual risk is calculated by applying a uniform calculation methodology to all Group companies; 
• Identification of further actions: in the event that the residual risk is higher than the predefined level of 
risk appetite, further actions are agreed with management to mitigate the risk and contain it within 
acceptable levels. The initiatives are taken promptly and within budget limits, to effectively contribute to 
risk mitigation; 
The risk owners identify, assess 
and manage risks
I LEVEL OF CONTROL
Risk Owners
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
II LEVEL OF CONTROL
Risk Management
Facilitation, coordination and 
methodological support
Chairman & CEO: shall implement the guidelines from 
the Board of Directors; ensure the identification, 
management and monitoring of the main risks
Chairman & CEO
Enterprise Risk 
Management
RELEVANT BODIES
The Board of Directors plays a 
central role, defining the Group's 
risk appetite, nature and level of 
risk. Furthermore, it carries out 
an assessment of the risks 
associated with climate change, 
ensuring constant alignment 
between management and 
strategic objectives. The BoD, 
with the support of the Audit 
Committee and Sustainability 
Committee (relevant bodies for 
the risk management process), 
outlines the guidelines for risk 
management, so as to ensure 
that the main corporate risks are 
properly identified and 
adequately assessed, managed 
and monitored
Business Units
Regional Management
Group Management Team
III LEVEL OF CONTROL
Internal Audit
Assurance on the risk 
management system
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Sustainability Committee
Report to Chairman & CEO
Report to corporate bodies
Risk Management flow

Page 112:
110
• Risk mitigation: mitigation strategies are defined with specific action plans for key risks; 
• Reporting: reports are prepared at the company and Group level, showing the main risks and initiatives 
taken by management to reduce the risks to acceptable levels; 
• Monitoring: existing risk assessments, assessment parameters, are reviewed periodically, and new risks 
can be identified if necessary. 
The model, as described, subject to further and future updates, aims to provide support for the decision-making 
and operational processes of company management, so as to reduce the possibility that specific events could 
compromise the Group's ordinary operations or the achievement of its strategic objectives. 
To this end, the risk appetite level adopted in relation to strategic risks is consistent with the vision of creating 
value, while always respecting the environment and promoting integration with local communities. In relation 
to operational risks, the risk appetite level is defined on the basis of the effectiveness and efficiency targets set 
by the management. 
Provisions for compliance and financial reporting are different. The Group does not accept an assumption of 
non-compliance risk for laws and regulations (including those relating to safety), and of possible alterations to 
the integrity of financial reporting. 
The Cementir Group's Internal Control and Risk Management System is integrated with the Group's 
Sustainability Strategy. Starting from 2021 the Cementir Group launched a project to implement the 
recommendations of the TCFD (Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure) committing to be 
transparent on risks and opportunities related to climate change. The identification, assessment and 
effective management of risks and opportunities related to climat e change are fully integrated into the 
Group's risk management process. To promote and improve its climate change disclosure, in 2022, the 
Group engaged Standard & Poor's (S&P) to assess physical and transitional climate risks and develop 
scenario analyses to support the implementation of the TCFD guidelines. The analysis carried out by S&P 
showed that the Cementir Group scored 100% on the overall assessment of the e leven recommendations 
of the TCFD, which represents a compl ete and transparent level of disclosure achieved.   Furthermore, the 
Group is integrating the guidelines published by the European Union “EU Taxonomy Regulation”, which 
together with the TCFD constitute the reference frameworks. For further details, see the paragraph "Main 
risks to which the group is exposed". 
In relation to accounting and financial reporting, the existing Internal Control System ensures its accuracy and 
completeness through constantly updated administrative and accounting procedures. 
Furthermore, as part of the compliance activities with the COSO structure, during the year, the Internal Audit 
function carries out audit activities on the aforementioned procedures to ascertain whether the provided key 
controls are being correctly applied by the company structures involved. The assessment of the Internal Control 
System on financial reporting provided for by Cementir Group procedures was carried out based on this activity. 
On the basis of the activity performed by the Internal Audit department and the related results, the Audit 
Committee assessed the Internal Control and Risk Management System as adequate, effective and appropriate 
for dealing with business, operational, environmental, financial and compliance risks. 
Starting from October 2023, the Group launched the strategic initiative for the digitalization of Risk Management 
aiming to enhance organisational resilience by leveraging advanced technology solutions, streamlining data-
driven risk assessments and implementing real-time monitoring capabilities, fostering a proactive and agile 
approach to risk mitigation across all business functions. The digitalization of Risk Management will commence 
with the updating of the model during 2024, ensuring our risk management practices are at the forefront of 
industry standards.

Page 113:
263
39 17
141
COMPLIANCE SUSTAINABILITY
OPERATIONAL FINANCIAL
Risks
54
12
OPERATIONAL
Category                                        Risk                                                             Description 
Uncertain Outlook 
 
Geopolitical Risk 
 
Price Pressure 
 
Market Landscape 
 
Strategic Planning 
 
Talent and Retention Management
Health and safety 
Cybersecurity 
Lack of raw materials/fuels/aggregates 
Asset management 
Supply chain disruption 
Customer management 
Freight and logistic Cost
Risk linked to uncertainties in economic, 
political, technological, or market-related 
factor 
Risk coming from the complex interplay of 
geopolitical events, government actions, 
international relations and global 
developments 
Risk to reduce profit margins, financial strain 
and other adverse effects for business in case 
of a strong pressure on prices due to unfair 
competition 
Risk of inadequate monitoring of market 
trends, industry conditions making it difficult to 
navigate the complexity of its market 
Risk of adopting strategic choices that could 
adversely affect the company’s performance to 
a considerable degree 
Risk to potential challenges and negative 
impacts that may arise from issues related to 
attracting, developing, and retaining key 
employees within an organization 
Risk of incidents, injuries illnesses due to 
unsafe behaviors, conditions or without 
preventive measures 
Risk of cyber attacks or sensitive data stealing 
Risk to not source the resource necessary for 
business operations 
Risk of loosing the value or returns of 
investments on company’s assets 
Risk that the occurrence of supply chain 
disruption may lead to increased costs or 
shortages of producrs or resources 
Risk of failure to meet customer’s expectations, 
needs or orders making difficult to acquire or 
retain customers 
Risk associated to volatile or increased 
freight/logistic costs
111
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
RISK CATEGORIES 
 
The Group is subject to various risks and uncertainties. The risk library is the basis for each company’s risk 
assessment process. The most important risks and their categorisation (strategic, operational, compliance, financial 
and sustainability) have been listed facilitating the identification of the main risk category that may impact the Group. 
The following table includes anon-exhaustive sample of the main company risks. 
follow

Page 114:
112
follow
COMPLIANCE
FINANCIAL
SUSTAINABILITY
Accounting compliance 
 
Antitrust compliance 
 
Tax compliance 
 
Business ethics and compliance 
 
 
Compliance with law and regulations 
Currency exchange risk 
 
Credit risk 
 
 
Inadequate management of the 
financial planning and budget 
process 
Physical risk 
 
 
 
CO2 emissions laws and regulations 
 
 
Environmental regulation and claims 
from the community 
 
Product innovation 
 
 
 
Innovation technology 
 
 
Availabilities of alternative fuels 
Risk of non-compliance with international or 
national accounting regulations and laws 
Risk of non-compliance with international or 
national antitrust regulations and laws 
Risk of non-compliance with international or 
national fiscal regulations and laws 
Risk of non-compliance with international or 
national business ethics regulations and laws, 
with company’s Code of Ethics 
Risk related to non-compliance with all 
applicable regulations 
Risk of potential financial loss that can occur 
as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rates 
Risk of potential financial loss that the 
company may incur if a counterparty fails to 
fulfil their contractual obligations 
Risk of failure to effectively plan, budget and 
manage company’s financial resources
Risk linked to unpredictable extreme weather 
events or scarcity of natural resources (e.g., 
water) in the regions where the company 
operates 
Risk of cost increase and non-compliance to 
international and local regulations with the 
introduction of new laws 
Risk related to (i) environmental incidents, (ii) 
non-compliance with environmental regulation 
and (iii) claims from the community 
Risk of not innovating adequately, without 
introducing or updating products on the market 
that contributes to the reduction and mitigation 
of carbon emissions 
Risk to not implement new and advanced 
technologies within the organization, key to 
company’s reduction targets achievement 
Risk of absence or partial availability of 
alternartive fuels, stratefic for the 
archievement of our targets
Category                                        Risk                                                             Description 

Page 115:
113
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM FO R FRAUD RISK MANAGEMENT  
 
This risk relates to intentional acts perpetrated by deception by one or more members of management, those 
responsible for governance activities and/or employees, alone or with third parties, to obtain unlawful advantages. 
In any case, fraud, whether through false financial reporting or misappropriation of company assets, implies the 
existence of incentives or pressure to commit it and the perception of an opportunity to do so. The nature of the 
Group’s industry does not pose additional potential vulnerabilities to fraud and corruption on top of those which 
any business of a significant magnitude is exposed to, which can be summarized as follows:(i) fraudulent activities 
in financial transactions, such as misappropriation of funds or fraudulent invoicing; (ii) risks of collusion or conflicts 
of interest extending to relationships with suppliers, customers, and employees; (iii) non-compliance with anti-
corruption laws and regulations; (iv) theft or mismanagement of inventory leading to financial losses.  The potential 
impact of fraud risks, if realized, may result in financial losses, reputational damage, 
and regulatory consequences. 
The Top Management, supported by the Internal Audit team, identify in advance 
potential fraud risks. The process involves conducting interviews, inquiries, 
reviewing business sources, analysing industry trends and evaluating external 
references, such as the country risk (i.e., corruption level, specific laws). The 
source for the country risk is the Corruption Perception Index16 where the country 
risk rate is identified on a scale from 0 to 100. Different levels of risk, from high to 
low, are assigned based on the identified score.  
After the preliminary identification of risks the Group proceeds with their 
assessment, considering both likelihood and impact. To mitigate the risks the 
Group has implemented a combination of preventive, detective, and corrective 
measures to minimize exposure to fraudulent activities. 
Cementir is constantly striving to enhance its int ernal control system and 
resilience to identify any potential new fraudulent activities, by establishing 
processes, policies and regulatory frameworks. 
Among the activities carried out, Cementir assess and evaluate all suppliers’ and customers’ compliance with 
certain minimum standards, as set out in Cementir Ethics Standard. This requires suppliers and customers to 
maintain accurate financial records and conduct their business affairs with integrity. All suppliers are required 
to sign the Supplier Code of Conduct, demonstrating their adherence to Group’s Ethics Standards, thus reducing 
the risk of fraud within the supply chain. 
Cementir, being active in many countries, is subject to diverse regulations and jurisdictions with different, and 
sometimes not fully reconcilable, legal frameworks, including criminal laws on corruption. The Group takes 
into account these laws and regulations, addressing issues such as such as money laundering, fraud, to ensure 
compliance and address any instances of non-compliance. 
The Group has adopted a confidential whistleblower system to encourage suppliers, customers and/or employees 
to promptly report any fraudulent activities as soon as they become aware of it, facilitating early detection and 
mitigation of fraud risks. Comprehensive information about this system, including details on the channels to use, is 
available on the Group’s official website: https://www.cementirholding.com/en/governance/ethics-and-compliance. 
All these activities are performed with the support of the Internal Audit function, that conducts regular 
inspections and performance reviews. Furthermore, the Internal Audit leads a thorough specific analysis of 
potential fraud risks during the risk assessment phase when formulating the Audit Plan. Priority is given to 
areas considered at risk, either inherently or based on previous experiences, with a focus on assessing 
identified fraud risks, including the probability of occurrence and possible impacts. All operational and 
16 2023 Corruption Perceptions Index: Explore the… - Transparency.org
The Top Management, 
supported by the Internal 
Audit team, identify in 
advance potential fraud risks. 
The process involves 
conducting interviews, 
inquiries, reviewing business 
sources, analysing industry 
trends and evaluating 
external references, such as 
the country risk

Page 116:
114
compliance audits (particularly those required under Italian law 262) foresee a preliminary assessment of 
the ability of the internal control system to prevent any potential fraud. Following the audit results, all actions 
and control measures agreed upon with the Management are primarily aimed to secure the process from 
exposure to fraud and then to make it more effective. In the assessments carried out from time to time, all 
reports emerging from whistleblowing channels and cases of fraud detected in the last 12 months are also 
taken into account.  
Furthermore, the Ethics Committee (committee appointed by the Board of Directors), on a quarterly basis, 
analyses the results of the investigative activities carried out by the Internal Audit and verifies the 
implementation of each disciplinary, organisational and operational actions for each detected breach. The 
Ethics Committee reports on its work to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.  
Another measure to mention is the adoption of a data mining tool called Celonis. This tool proves instrumental 
in detecting unusual patterns or trends in financial transactions. Finally, the Group naturally implements the 
Segregation of Duties as an operating practice, making it difficult for a single individual to carry out and conceal 
any fraudulent activities.  
The implemented measures are expected to significantly reduce the vulnerability to fraud and corruption within 
the operations across the board. 
  
 
MAIN RISKS TO WHICH THE GROUP IS EXPOSED  
 
The main risks and opportunities to which the Group is exposed are described below:
DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS 
The results of the operation are highly dependent 
on the economic conditions of the country: 
- Inflation is projected to moderate gradually in 2023 
and 2024 but is expected to remain above central 
bank objectives in most economies. Headline 
inflation in the G20 economies is projected to ease 
to 6% in 2023 and 4.8% in 2024; 
- Monetary policy needs to remain restrictive until 
clear signs emerge that underlying inflation 
pressures have durably abated; 
- The economic slowdown in China poses a 
significant risk to global output growth; 
- The US expansion is anticipated to be weak in 
2024, and Europe is expected to experience 
modest growth; 
 
Scenarios related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine 
are anticipated to remain unresolved at least until 
2024, but with decreasing intensity. The rivalry 
between the United States and China is expected to 
persist as a significant source of geopolitical risk, 
shaping the strategies of global companies with 
regards to supply chains and markets. Furthermore, 
the emerging conflicts in the Middle East and in the 
Red Sea Area have the potential to further adversely 
impact economic growth.  
 
Demand for construction materials is 
fundamentally driven by economic growth. These 
changes in underlying demand may impact sales 
volumes, prices, and industry structure. 
The Group with the support of relevant Group 
functions: 
• Actively monitors the market conditions in order 
to anticipate any adverse scenario. 
• Optimizes our portfolio for growth by increasing 
the profitable low-carbon solution. 
• Maintains a strict cost discipline. 
• Keeps prices stable to maintain high 
contribution margin. 
• Establishes long-term contracts to secure 
favorable logistics and energy costs. 
 
The Group estimated a 
potential reduction in sales 
volumes
UNCERTAIN OUTLOOK 
follow
STRATEGIC RISKS

Page 117:
115
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS 
The Group operates on five continents and is 
exposed to global and local political risks.  
Geopolitical instability in the countries in which the 
Group operates (i.e. Türkiye, and Egypt) could 
affect business operations and demands.  
 
The most recent geopolitical tension took place on 
12th January 2023 in Yemen, where the US and the 
UK launched multiple airstrikes at 60 Houthi 
Targets, following the Iran-backed group attacking 
commercial shipping in the Red Sea.  
 
These attacks are a source of growing international 
alarm around one of the main maritime routes.  
 
This situation complements and is heightened by 
the previous conflict involving the tension occurred 
since 7 October 2023 when Palestinian militant 
groups led by Hamas launched a large-scale 
invasion and offensive against Israel from the Gaza 
Strip. Given the strategic locations of the conflicts, 
the impacts on the worldwide economy are very 
relevant and will bring:  
- Uncertainty on the markets 
- Likely increases in freight and logistic costs, 
affecting both our sourcing and selling processes 
- Global insecurity and instability  
- Another spike in oil prices pressuring the Federal 
Reserve and other central banks to further push 
up interest rates 
- An increase in oil prices weighing down the global 
economy and increasing inflation. 
 
For the Cementir Group, the impacts could be 
related to an increase of logistic and freight costs, 
to a reduction of volumes of some specific sales 
from our Egyptian subsidiary departing from the 
military port of Al Arish (close to the Gaza Strip).  
 
The ongoing conflict and humanitarian crisis in 
Gaza have the potential to lead to an influx of 
refugees into neighboring regions or countries, 
such as Egypt, causing social instability and 
emergency restrictions. 
 
Continuous monitoring of the environment, mainly 
focused on critical political amd institutional 
developments and regulatory aspects which can 
potentially affect the business, however 
geographical differentiation helps to limit 
exposure to any particular market and currency. 
Alternative markets. 
Impact on the Group's 
economic/financial results
GEOPOLITICAL RISK  
follow
TALENT AND RETENTION MANAGEMENT 
DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS 
Existing processes around people management, 
including attracting, retaining and developing 
people, leadership succession planning, fostering a 
diverse and inclusive workforce, and dealing with 
collective representation groups, may not deliver, 
inhibiting the Group from achieving its strategy. The 
Group operates in a labor-intensive industry and is 
currently grappling with a shortage of labor that is 
impacting certain positions. 
 
The Group promotes its image among new talent 
and all employees through specific actions, such 
as international mobility and career development 
campaigns, for example the Talent Program and 
Graduate Program initiatives launched in 2022 and 
continuing in 2023 and in the following years. 
 
In November 2022, the Global Survey "Your Voice" 
was initiated to evaluate staff engagement across 
the group, and corresponding action plans are 
currently in progress. 
 
The Group maintains constructive relationships 
with Unions that represent certain employees 
under collective agreements: the Group has 
updated the collective agreement with the 
European Working Council for the next four years. 
 
The Group continuously works on succession 
plans to ensure continuity after retirement. 
Failing to attract, manage, 
and retain workers, as well 
as plan for leadership 
succession, could impede the 
achievement of strategic 
objectives
follow

Page 118:
116
DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS 
The Group operates with ten different currencies 
and movements in exchange rates could have an 
influence on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. The Turkish 
Lira and the Egyptian Pound are the principal 
currencies influenced by a significant depreciation 
over the last few years.  
 
The Turkish Lira is the primary currency, 
experiencing a notable depreciation over the past 
few years, amounting to 80% compared to 
September 2022 (September 2022: €/TRY 18.14 - 
January 2024: €/TRY 32.93). The Turkish lira 
continued to depreciate, averaging a 30% decline 
following the election held in May 2023. In January 
2024, the Turkish central bank raised its rate up to 
40%, to prevent a further devaluation, marking a 
change in course, when at the election date, it was 
equal to 8.5%. Starting from April 2022, the Turkish 
economy is classified as hyperinflationary, as per 
the criteria outlined in "IAS 29 - Financial Reporting 
in Hyperinflationary Economies“. 
 
The Egyptian Pound has significantly depreciated in 
value over the past year, weakening by 76% against 
the Euro compared to September 2022 (September 
2022: €/EGP 19.19 - January 2024: €/EGP 33.8079). 
Additionally, after the presidential elections run in 
December 2023, there is potential for increased 
uncertainty (further devaluation) regarding actions 
that financial institutions might undertake, with a 
devaluation expected in the middle of 2024. 
 
These adverse changes in the exchange rates used 
to covert these currencies into the reporting 
currency have impacted and will continue to impact 
consolidated results. 
The Group carries out continuous currency 
monitoring in order to seize opportunities 
viahedging transactions. 
To mitigate potential losses, the Group creates a 
balance between bank accounts in the local 
currency and bank accounts in hard currency. 
Adverse changes in the 
exchange rates may 
negatively affect Group’s 
profits
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK 
FINANCIAL RISK
follow
HEALTH AND SAFETY 
DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS 
The Group’s businesses operate in an industry with 
inherent health and safety risks, including for 
instance operation of heavy vehicles, working at 
heights, working in confined spaces, energized 
equipment management, etc. Failure to ensure safe 
workplaces could result in a deterioration in the 
Group’s safety performance and related adverse 
regulatory action or legal liability. Health and safety 
incidents could significantly impact the Group’s 
operational and financial performance, as well as 
its reputation. 
Risk of incidents/accidents due to unsafe behaviors 
or conditions, which may cause health 
consequences for workers and/or problems in 
production processes. 
In the last year, the main health and safety 
indicators have been improved as a result of the 
Road Map defined by the Group focused on 
increasing awareness and workers’ involvement and 
strengthening internal procedures. 
Improvement of the Group's safety culture by 
sharing best practices and common rules across 
the Group (e.g. Golden Rules). 
Regular risk assessment by all plants to 
eliminate/mitigate risks (annual action plans). 
Group monitoring of H&S performance and 
effectiveness of corrective measures. 
Periodic verification of the effectiveness of the 
main H&S processes for all plants (e.g. work 
permits, incident management, etc.). 
Impacts: 
• Economic 
• Organisational 
• Reputational  
• Relations with local 
communities 
• Workers’ health
OPERATIONAL RISKS  
follow

Page 119:
Waste treatment plant in Kula, Türkiye
117
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
CYBERSECURITY 
DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS 
Cybersecurity  is the practice of protecting 
computers, servers, mobile devices, electronic 
systems, networks and data from malicious attacks. 
The growing use of IT systems increases the 
Company’s exposure to different types of internal 
and external IT risks. The most significant of these 
is the risk of cyberattacks which can be targeted or 
generic and which constitute a constant threat. 
• Strengthening of network infrastructure; 
• Strengthening of protection systems;  
• Constant updating of internal procedures; 
• Continuous training for all staff to strengthen 
the corporate culture on cyber security issues. 
• Fraud 
•  Data losses 
• GDPR (General Data 
Protection Regulation) 
• Business disruption 
• Reputational damages 
COMPLIANCE 
DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS 
These are risks related to compliance with 
applicable regulations (antitrust, anti-corruption, 
GDPR, Legislative Decree 231/2001). 
In relation to these risks, the Legal Department 
implements targeted programs with guidelines, 
procedures and training to ensure compliance 
with the above regulations. The Organisation and 
Control Models required under Legislative Decree 
231/2001 are periodically updated. 
The Internal Audit function carries out specific 
audits on compliance with regulations. 
Potential violations of laws 
and regulations
COMPLIANCE RISKS 
follow

Page 120:
118
CLIMATE RISKS 
 
The cement industry's ability to reduce its CO 2 emissions and respond to climate change has become a 
focal point for investors. In 2021, the Cementir Group launched a project to implement the 
recommendations of the TCFD (Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure) committing to be 
transparent on risks and opportunities related to climate change. Cementir is also committed to ensuring 
the transparency of its climate-related risks and opportunities in line with the EU Taxonomy. The 
identification, assessment and effective management of risks and opportunities related to climate change 
are fully integrated into the Group's risk management process. 
As suggested by the TCFD, the Group monitors the risks and opportunities arising from the evolution of 
transition scenarios and the evolution of physical variables. For its assessment, the Group has used the 
moderate scenario and all results are described in the following pages.  
Physical variables are divided into two categories of risk: 
• Acute: related to the occurrence of extreme weather conditions such as cyclones, hurricanes or floods. 
Acute physical phenomena, in the various cases, are characterised by considerable intensity and a 
frequency of occurrence that is not high in the short term, but which, considering long-term scenarios, 
sees a clear upward trend; 
• Chronic: refers to gradual and long-term changes in climate patterns (e.g., sustained high 
temperatures) that can cause sea- level rises or chronic heat waves.  
With regard to the energy transition process, towards a progressive reduction of carbon emissions, there 
are risks and opportunities linked to changes in the regulatory, technological, market and reputational 
context.  
The Group has decided to align itself with the TCFD framework to clearly represent the types of risks and 
opportunities by indicating how each of them should be managed. The effects were assessed over three-
time horizons: the short term (1-3 years), linked to the implementation of the Business Plan; the medium 
term until 2030 during which it will be possible to see the effects of the energy transition; the long term 
until 2050, during which the Group undertakes to achieve net-zero emissions throughout its value chain. 
As the TCFD states, the process of disclosing risks and opportunities related to climate change will be 
gradual and incremental from year to year.

Page 121:
119
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
CLIMATE-RELATED SCENARIO ANALYSIS 
 
Physical climate scenarios 
As part of our TCFD assessment, we have evaluated the exposure of our plants to physical risks, including acute 
physical risks, which refers to those that are event-driven, including increased severity of extreme weather 
events, such as cyclones, hurricanes, or floods and chronic physical risks which refers to longer-term shifts in 
climate patterns (e.g., sustained higher temperatures) that may cause sea level rise or chronic heat waves. 
The assessment was done for each of the Group’s plants. 
For the physical risk, we have taken alternative scenarios developed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change (hereinafter ‘IPCC 17) and we have explored three potential futures depending on what policies 
governments will adopt to cut emissions: 
 
 
17 IPCC: the United Nations body responsible for assessing the science related to climate change. 
18 A Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) is a greenhouse gas concentration (not emissions) trajectory adopted by the IPCC.  The 
pathways describe different climate futures, all of which are considered possible depending on the volume of greenhouse gases ( GHG) 
emitted in the years to come. 
RCP18                                  RCP 8.5                                                    RCP 4.5                                                   RCP 2.6 
SCENARIO                        HIGH CLIMATE CHANGE                     MEDIUM CLIMATE CHANGE               LOW CLIMATE CHANGE 
SOURCE                            IPCC                                                      IPCC                                                      IPCC 
TEMPERATURE              As likely as not to exceed 4°C             More likely than not to exceed 2°C    Not likely to exceed 2°C 
DESCRIPTION Continuation of business as 
usual with emissions at 
current rates. This scenario is 
expected to result in warming 
in excess of 4°C by 2100
Strong mitigation actions to 
reduce emissions to half of the 
current levels by 2080. This 
scenario is more likely than not 
to result in warming in excess 
of 2°C by 2100
Aggressive mitigation 
actions to halve 
emissions by 2050. This 
scenario is likely to 
result in warming of 
less than 2°C by 2100
Cement plant in Ipoh, Malaysia

Page 122:
120
Transition scenarios 
Cementir assesses the resilience of its climate strat egy relating transition risks with different carbon price 
scenario based on research by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (hereinafter 
‘OECD’) and the International Energy Agency (hereinafter ‘IEA’): 
 
The scenario modelling approach has been adopted to test the sustainability strategy's resilience and for the 
identification of appropriate mitigation actions. Cementir is committed to moving towards being carbon-neutral 
by 2050. 
The process of transition towards a more sustainable model characterized by a gradual reduction of CO2 
emissions has risks and opportunities connected both with changes in the regulatory and legal context, trends 
in technology development, reputational damages and the resulting market developments. 
The Group has adopted a framework that highlights physical and transition risks and opportunities and 
indicates the management responses for each of them. 
These effects can be assessed from the perspective of three-time horizons: the short term (1-3 years), 
assessed using sensitivity analyses based on the Industrial Plan; the medium term (until 2030), in which it is 
possible to assess the effects of the energy transition; and the long term (until 2050), in which the Group is 
committed to achieving net-zero emissions across its entire value chain. 
SCENARIO                         HIGH CARBON                               MODERATE CARBON                    LOW CARBON  
                                            PRICE SCENARIO                          PRICE SCENARIO                           PRICE SCENARIO 
SOURCE                             OECD/IEA                                      OECD/IEA                                       OECD/IEA 
DESCRIPTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CARBON PRICE  
USED IN THE  
SCENARIO 
($/tonCO2)
This scenario represents 
the implementation of 
policies that are 
considered sufficient to 
reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions in line with the 
goal of limiting climate 
change to 2°C by 2100.
This scenario assumes 
that policies will be 
implemented to reduce 
greenhouse gas 
emissions and limit 
climate change to 2°C in 
the long term, but with 
action delayed in the 
short term. Countries 
with Nationally 
Determined 
Contributions that are not 
aligned to the 2° C goal in 
the short term are 
assumed to increase 
their climate mitigation 
efforts in the medium 
and long term.
This scenario represents 
the full implementation 
of Country Nationally 
Determined 
Contributions under the 
Paris Agreement. Prices 
in this scenario are 
considered likely to be 
insufficient to achieve the 
goal of the Paris 
Agreement.
EU - year 2030 - 131 $ 
EU - year 2050 - 207 $ 
US - year 2030 - 131$ 
US - year 2050 - 207$ 
Asia - year 2030 - 108$ 
Asia - year 2050 - 189$ 
China - year 2030 - 98$ 
China - year 2050 - 186$ 
Middle east - year 2030 - 131$  
Middle east - year 2050 - 207$ 
Türkiye - year 2030 - 131$ 
Türkiye - year 2050 - 207$
EU - 2030: 98$ - 2050: 207$ 
US - 2030: 66$ - 2050: 207$ 
Asia - 2030: 57$ - 2050: 189$ 
China - 2030: 49$ - 2050: 186$ 
Middle east - 2030:58$ - 2050: 
207$ 
Türkiye - 2030: 41$ - 2050: 
207$
EU - 2030: 41$ - 2050: 66$ 
US - 2030: 41$ - 2050: 66$ 
Asia - 2030: 35$ - 2050: 62$ 
China - 2030: 33$ - 2050: 62$ 
Middle east - 2030:41$ - 
2050: 66$ 
Türkiye : 2030: 41$ 2050: 66$

Page 123:
COUNTRY
Risk Exposure Classification
High Low
Türkiye - Izmir
Belgium - Gaurain
Türkiye - Kars
Egypt - Sinai
Türkiye - Trakya
USA - Waco
Türkiye - Elazig
Malaysia - Ipoh
USA - York
China - Anqing
Denmark - Aalborg
RISK EXPOSURE
RISK 
EXPOSURE
CLASSIFICATION
WILDFIRE
MODERATE
MODERATE
MODERATE
MODERATE
MODERATE
MODERATE
MODERATE
MODERATE
MODERATELOW LOW LOW LOW LOWHIGH
COLDWAVE WATER
STRESS
HEATHWAVE RIVERINE
FLOOD
SEA LEVEL
RISE
HURRICANE
Moderate
HIGH
HIGH
HIGH
HIGH
WEATHER EVENTS 
RISK EXPOSURE
CLASSIFICATION MODERATE
COLDWAVE HEATHWAVE 
HIGH
WATER 
STRESS
RIVERINE
FLOOD
SEA LEVEL 
RISE
HURRICANEWILDFIRE
LOW LOW LOW LOW LOW
As declared by the TCFD, the process of disclosing information on the risks and opportunities connected with 
climate change will be gradual and incremental from year to year. 
 
 
CHRONIC AND ACUTE  PHYSICAL PHENOMENA 
 
The Group’s plants are located in premises with overall moderate levels of physical risk over the time horizon 
to 2050, as shown in the following table.  
SHORT TERM 
(1-3 years) based on the 
Industrial Plan approved by 
Board of Directors 
MEDIUM TERM (until 2030)  
in which it is possible to 
assess the effects of the 
energy transition 
 
LONG TERM (2031-2050)  
in which chronic structural 
changes in the climate 
should begin to emerge 
 
2023 2026 2030 2050
2024
2025 2031
Status as of 2023
121
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP

Page 124:
122
Status as of 2050
WEATHER EVENTS 
RISK EXPOSURE
CLASSIFICATION MODERATE MODERATE MODERATE
COLDWAVE HEATHWAVE 
HIGH HIGH
WATER 
STRESS
RIVERINE
FLOOD
SEA LEVEL 
RISE
HURRICANEWILDFIRE
LOW LOW
Strategically, the Group’s geographical diversification provides a high degree of resilience. The Group adopts 
business continuity management processes that ensure an adequat e level of maintenance in order to limit 
and/or reduce damage to corporate assets and ensures the resilience of the business and the restoration of 
operations in the event of force majeure. 
In some areas (Belgium, Türkiye, Egypt) there is also significant exposure to water stress. 
19 Data based on the assessment conducted in September 2023. 
Facilities                            2023                                   2030                                   2050                                   2080  
 
CCB - GAURAIN               EXTREMELY HIGH          EXTREMELY HIGH          EXTREMELY HIGH          EXTREMELY HIGH 
AAP - AALBORG              LOW                                 LOW                                 LOW                                  LOW 
TÜRKIYE - IZMIR             EXTREMELY HIGH          EXTREMELY HIGH          EXTREMELY HIGH          EXTREMELY HIGH 
TÜRKIYE - TRAKYA        LOW-MEDIUM                LOW-MEDIUM                LOW-MEDIUM                 LOW-MEDIUM 
TÜRKIYE - KARS             MEDIUM-HIGH               MEDIUM-HIGH               MEDIUM-HIGH                MEDIUM-HIGH 
TÜRKIYE - ELAZIG          LOW-MEDIUM                LOW-MEDIUM                MEDIUM-HIGH                MEDIUM-HIGH 
SWC - SINAI                     ARID                                 ARID                                 EXTREMELY HIGH          EXTREMELY HIGH 
MALAYSIA - IPOH            LOW                                 LOW                                 LOW                                  LOW 
CHINA - ANQING             LOW-MEDIUM                LOW                                 LOW                                  LOW 
LWCC - WACO                 LOW-MEDIUM                LOW-MEDIUM                LOW-MEDIUM                 MEDIUM-HIGH 
LWCC- YORK                   LOW                                 LOW                                 LOW-MEDIUM                 LOW-MEDIUM 
19

Page 125:
Chalk pit in Aalborg, Denmark
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
TIME HORIZON DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS                                              SDGs
Medium Term
The Group operates in certain areas defined as 
under high water stress, with the risk of increased 
supply costs.
As part of its climate commitments, the 
Group has established a water management 
policy. Prioritizing the maximization of 
reuse/recycling, minimizing withdrawals and 
consumption (including losses) and 
implementing efficient operating practices 
are key focus areas, beginning with regions 
facing the most severe water stress. The 
Group has set targets for improving the 
specific consumption of water in cement 
production (“water consumption (liters) / TCE 
(ton of cement equivalent)”) with a targeted 
reduction of 25% by 2030 in water-stress 
areas (compared to 2019 value) and a 20% 
reduction across all Group areas. 
In 2022, by becoming a signatory of the WASH 
Pledge, the Group is committed to ensuring 
access to WASH (water, sanitation and 
hygiene) at an appropriate level of standard 
for all employees and contractors in all 
premises under our direct control, supporting 
partners across our value chains and 
communities. Compliance and progress on 
WASH action plans are periodically 
monitored. 
Water stress  
due to global 
warming
PHYSICAL RISK - CHRONIC RISK
123

Page 126:
124
TRANSITION RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES  
 
In recent years, the entire Group has been actively engaged in pursuing a transition to a low-carbon economy by 
defining a 10-year Roadmap. Related risks and opportunities are presented in the following table:
Short Term
REPUTATION 
According to the Global Cement and Concrete 
Association, the cement industry accounts for 
around 7% of global CO2 emissions. The risk of 
being perceived as a large carbon emitter by 
public opinion could reduce the Company’s 
attractiveness to stakeholders.  
In addition, increasing stakeholder expectations 
regarding climate targets need to be constantly 
monitored. 
The Group is committed to achieving its 
ambition of becoming a net-zero business by 
2050, setting an industry-leading target of a 
36% (grey cement) reduction in absolute 
carbon emissions by 2030 (2020 baseline). 
Operational enhancements at plants, 
including the use of alternative fuels to 
reduce CO2 emissions, not only contribute to 
environmental goals but also yield financial 
efficiencies and support the circular economy. 
Cementir actively engages with ESG rating 
agencies to ensure accurate evaluation and 
communication with stakeholders. 
Cementir's Scope 1 and 2 GHG transition 
pathway is aligned with the 1.5 °C scenario 
defined in the Cement Sector guidance of 
the SBTi. 
RISK 
Reputational risk 
Medium - 
Long Term
POLICY & REGULATION 
Following the climate agreement reached at Paris 
COP21, signatory countries are mandated to 
commit to a reduction pathway. The anticipated 
outcome is an increase in the number of CO2 
regulations, subsequently raising the cost of 
emissions. Carbon prices linked to emissions 
trading schemes, carbon taxes, and other policies 
are expected to escalate in the future as 
governments implement measures to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions in line with the Paris 
Agreement. The speed and magnitude of the 
potential increase in carbon prices due to new 
regulations are uncertain and likely to vary across 
countries and regions. It has been assessed this 
risk through different price scenarios (high, 
medium, and low) based on the projected future 
carbon prices in each country, taking into account 
the introduction of Carbon Capture and Storage 
(CCS) technology starting in 2030.
The Group is minimizing its exposure to risks 
through the progressive decarbonization 
process. Cementir’s ambition is to reduce CO₂ 
emission intensity to achieve carbon 
neutrality along the value chain by 2050. 
The strategy focused on the energy transition 
makes the Group resilient to the risk 
associated with the introduction of more 
ambitious policies for emission reductions 
and maximizes opportunities for the 
development of infrastructure and 
technologies. 
 
RISK 
Exposure  
to new CO2  
emissions laws  
and regulations
TIME HORIZON DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS                                              SDGs
Medium - 
Long Term
TECHNOLOGY 
Technology stands as the primary driver to 
significantly diminish the Company's CO2 footprint 
in the medium to long term. The adoption of 
breakthrough technology is essential to realizing 
the production of "net zero emissions" cement. 
The Company places emphasis on the 
development and implementation of Carbon 
Capture and Storage (CCS) technology as a key 
component in achieving its CO2 emission reduction 
targets. Currently, the Group is exploring various 
opportunities, primarily in Denmark and Belgium.  
Continued support for research and 
innovation for the development of CCS and 
the use of CAPEX/OPEX for the full 
industrialisation of these technologies.RISK/ 
OPPORTUNITY 
 
Carbon Capture 
“CCS” 
follow
TRANSITION RISKS

Page 127:
125
1
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE CEMENTIR GROUP
follow
Medium Term
MARKET 
The procurement of alternative raw materials, 
such as fly ash and blast furnace slag, has 
become increasingly critical due to the declining 
steel production, resulting in lower slag 
availability, and the gradual closure of coal plants. 
As global demand for these materials continues to 
rise, there is a potential for shortages to emerge. 
In the medium term, starting from 2024 in 
Europe, the progressive shutdown of coal-fired 
power generation plants may lead to a shortage 
of fly ash. 
Another strategic material for achieving the 
Group's objectives is calcined clay, which is 
essential for FUTURECEM® production and 
reducing the clinker ratio. Today there is a limited 
number of suppliers, which further increases the 
risk of performance. With the development of low-
carbon products, the demand for these materials 
will grow, making the Group more dependent on 
their prices and availability. 
In order to reduce the shortage of these 
materials, the Group is securing its supply 
through long-term contracts; search for new 
suppliers and partial replacement of fly ash 
with similar materials available on the market 
(e.g. oxytone). 
Another strategy implemented is to secure a 
clay quarry source for FUTURECEM® 
production. 
RISK 
Strategic 
decarbonized 
material 
shortages 
Short - 
Medium term
MARKET 
Innovation is a key factor in the long-term success 
of the company developing low-carbon products.  
To meet market demand, Cementir Group has 
developed new types of Cement (e.g. FUTURECEM®) 
that reduce CO2 emissions by 30% compared to 
traditional cement. 
 
The Group meets the needs of customers 
along the value chain by developing and 
delivering products, solutions and 
technologies that address the key challenges 
facing the construction industry. 
The Group continuously develops and 
introduces new low emission products: 
increasing the use of decarbonised material 
(e.g. blast furnace slag); producing limestone 
cement or cement using fly ash; 
In addition, the Group aims to reduce the 
clinker ratio by using FUTURECEM® and 
other new products. 
OPPORTUNITY 
Development of 
low emission 
impact products 
TIME HORIZON DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS                                              SDGs
Medium - 
Long Term
POLICY & REGULATION 
If initiatives such as the 'Carbon Border 
Adjustment Mechanism' (CBAM) are not 
sufficiently designed to protect EU 
competitiveness, the cement business may face 
pricing pressure due to imports from regions with 
less stringent CO2 regulations. Conversely, the 
introduction of this tax could create a competitive 
advantage compared to other cement companies’ 
extra UE in terms of price. In the recent period, 
the quantities of imported cement have increased 
compared to previous years. 
Monitoring of international bodies (European 
Union, FSB - Financial Stability Board, 
Government Authorities). 
The Industrial Road Map will support the 
Group in becoming a resilient business 
through a low-carbon economy.  
RISK/ 
OPPORTUNITY 
 
CBAM - Carbon 
Border 
Adjustment 
Mechanism and 
ETS reports 
follow
TRANSITION RISKS


Page 128:
126
follow
Medium - 
Long Term
ENERGY SOURCE 
As part of the Group's strategy to reduce Scope 2 
emissions, it is planned to increase electricity 
from renewable sources, either by purchasing or 
producing it internally. The Group is assessing the 
feasibility of wind turbine and solar panel projects. 
 
Definition of a roadmap to increase the use of 
renewable energy throughout the Group, 
entering into purchase and/or own production 
agreements (for example solar panels or wind 
turbines).  
In this regard, in 2023 the Group signed 
agreements with Engie and EtherEnergy for 
the subsidiary in Belgium, CCB, reaching a 
maximum deliverable capacity, between wind 
and solar, of 25 Mwh.
OPPORTUNITY 
Green Energy
Short - 
Medium term
ENERGY SOURCE 
The Aalborg plant recovers excess heat from 
cement production to provide district heating to 
local residents. In 2022, Aalborg Portland 
delivered approximately 1,3 million GJ of energy to 
the municipality of Aalborg. According to the 
engineering project developed by the Group, the 
Aalborg plant could improve energy supply by a 
further one million GJ reaching 50,000 
households. 
Negotiations are ongoing with the 
municipality of Aalborg to define the size and 
increase of the capacity of the heating supply.OPPORTUNITY 
Increased supply 
of district heating 
in the city of 
Aalborg 
TIME HORIZON DESCRIPTION IMPACT MITIGATION ACTIONS                                              SDGs
Short - 
Medium term
RESOURCE EFFICIENCY 
Recovery and potabilization of water removed 
during the exploitation of our quarry of limestone 
in Belgium (Clypot and Gaurain) is a great 
opportunity because thanks to new infrastructures 
developed with the local water provider and the 
local authority, CCB recovers water to supply the 
local community allowing the local authority to 
close production wells and thus spare the aquifer 
in a high water-stress area. 
 
This strategic move enhances the company's 
resilience to future regulatory changes, reduces 
the risk of conflicts with other stakeholders using 
the same aquifer (e.g., villagers, customers), and 
contributes to the sustainable management of 
water resources. 
 
In Clypot, the entire system has been operational 
since March 2021, and during the 2021/2022 
period, 1,800 megaliters of water were 
successfully recovered, treated, and delivered to 
the public distribution as potable water. 
 
As for the Gaurain quarry, an agreement was 
signed with the local authority in 2022 to 
implement a similar water potabilization project, 
scheduled to commence in 2024. Upon completion 
of the project in Gaurain, an additional 2,000 
megaliters of water per year can be recovered, 
contributing further to sustainable water 
management and community supply. 
 
Increase the water deliveries up to 2,000,000 
mc3  year in Clypot. 
New water deliveries up to 2,000,000 mc3 per 
year in Gaurain (from 2024). 
In collaboration with the local authority, CCB 
developed a new way of doing business 
minimizing the impact for the local 
community in the high-water stress area. 
OPPORTUNITY 
Recovery and 
purification of 
water used in 
quarry 
operations
TRANSITION RISKS


Page 129:
Workers at the construction site, Denmark

Page 130:
Cement plant in Gaurain, Belgium 

Page 131:
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY 
PILLARS THAT  
GUIDE OUR ACTIONS2
           130   In waste, we see resources: we promote a circular economy 
           131   Waste management and recycling 
           132   Waste processed in 2023 
           133   Use of alternative fuels 
          135   Alternative raw materials 
          138   Efficient waste management 
           139   We respect the environment in all our operations 
           139   Cementir’s CO2 footprint 
           140   Cementir’s Scope 3 emissions 
           142   CO2 emissions related to Cement production 
           142   CO2 emissions related to other activities 
          143   Energy consumption 
          145   Responsible and efficient use of water 
          150   Extraction activities, rehabilitation and biodiversity 
          156   Air protection 
           158   We value our people 
           158   Health and Safety is a common value 
           158   Health and Safety - Progress in 2023 
           160   Health and Safety - Six pillars of action 
          161   Health and Safety - Governance  
           162   Health and Safety - Competence and awareness 
          164   Group People Survey 
          166   Talent review and succession plans for key positions within the Group 
          166   Talent Acquisition 
          167   People evaluation and development 
          168   Remuneration strategy 
          169   Non-compensation benefit 
          170   Cementir Academy 
          173   Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
          175   Gender Pay Gap 
          177   Workforce numbers and composition 
          179   Industrial relations 
           180   We support our communities 
           180   Risk analysis and policies adopted 
          181   Dialogue and support of local communities 
          182   South Türkiye earthquake 
          183   Çimentaş Education and Health Foundation 
          183   Recovery of waste heat from cement kilns in Aalborg

Page 132:
The four sustainability pillars  
that guide our actions
In waste, we see resources:   
we promote a circular economy 
We ensure that waste and secondary products are turned into resources, adopting an  
increasingly integrated approach to cement production and establishing partnerships with 
 other industry players and public authorities.
RDF production line in Türkiye
130

Page 133:
131
WASTE MANAGEMENT AND RECYCLING   
We are committed adopting a co-processing and circular approach to waste. 
Co-processing of waste in cement kilns is an established and environmentally effective option and a circular 
solution for end-of-life materials. It not only recovers the energy content of the waste, but also recycles its 
mineral content into high-value products. Co-processing results in the reduction of raw materials and fossil 
fuel consumption mitigating the effect of green-house gases. It also offers an effective solution to the waste 
management (e.g., storage and disposal). For example, co-processing of waste allows for prevention of plastic 
pollution in the environment and avoiding options not environmentally sustainable such as disposal in landfills. 
Waste is not only a source of recyclable materials, but also alternative fuels with a high calorific value. 
Cementir is therefore committed to this dual-purpose use. 
From a business perspective, the Group was one of the leading industrial players to capitalise on these 
opportunities and since 2009 has been operating in the renewable energy, urban and industrial waste 
management and processing sectors. These operations are conducted through Recydia, which owns the 
Sureko businesses in Türkiye.  
Through its modern facility located to the west of the city of Izmir, Sureko is involved in the management of 
industrial and hazardous waste and the production of alternative fuels that are used at the Izmir plant (further 
details in the box ‘An integrated waste management solution’).  
The Group’s plants use the latest biological technol ogies to produce alternative fuels and thermal energy, 
minimising landfill waste and contributing to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.  
Storage of urban waste releases methane, a greenhouse gas with a polluting effect 21 times greater than that 
of carbon dioxide. Therefore, using urban waste as an alternative fuel in cement plants is fundamentally 
important because it contributes to the sustainable disposal of waste and reducing the negative effects of 
greenhouse gases. Moreover, unlike the process in waste-to-energy plants, use of waste as an alternative fuel 
in cement plants does not produce residues, as the ash derived from combustion is recycled in cement 
production.  
Deepening the use of waste as an alternative fuel reveals how the Group applies circular economy principles. 
Behind the use of alternative fuels derived from industrial and solid urban wastes, there are major 
environmental advantages, both because it reduces the use of fossil fuels and because it offers a solution to 
the problems of storage and disposal. 
This approach allows resources to remain in use for longer periods, extracting maximum value from them. In 
addition, reuse and recycling contribute to environmental footprint reduction by helping to improve 
sustainability within the cement value chain.
131
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Recyclyng center, Denmark

Page 134:
WASTE PROCESSED IN 2023 
 
In 2023, the Group’s plants collected and processed 62,710 tons of waste (4% solid urban waste and 96% 
industrial waste). 
Through biomechanical and drying processes, the Cementir Group’s treatment plants produced 11,120 tons 
of fuel from waste in 2023.  
In 2023, as a result of changes in business conditions, Cementir’s plants made greater use of alternative fuels 
produced by third parties, thus leading to less waste processed internally by the Group. Moreover, in November 
2023, the English companies of the Neales Waste Management Group, active in the production of alternative 
fuels, were sold.
132
Waste processed  
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Solid urban waste                                                                                             t                  2,377                 25,844                61,327 
Industrial waste                                                                                                t                 60,333               134,210              156,220 
Total                                                                                                                          t                 62,710               160,055              217,547 
Alternative fuel produced  
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Total                                                                                                                          t                 11,120                 39,112                 72,408 
An integrated waste management solution  
In Izmir we maximize recycling and/or reusing of produced waste starting with hazardous waste. In 2023, 86% of all 
hazardous waste produced in the cement plant was sent to the Sureko waste treatment plant. 
Sureko plant manages industrial hazardous waste to produce Refuse Derived Fuel (RDF) by eliminating the non-
combustible fraction, reducing its size and moisture content and homogenising the waste. This fuel is supplied to Izmir 
plant as an environmentally sustainable alternative to conventional fuels (fossil fuels) with low carbon emissions. In 
2023, Sureko supplied to Izmir 9,9 ktons of RDF.                           
 Izmir 
Cement Plant
Hazardous waste
Hazardous waste from  
other industrial sectors
 Sureko 
Waste Treatment Plant
Refuse Derived Fuel

Page 135:
 
USE OF ALTERNATIVE FUELS 
 
The thermal energy produced at Cementir Group plants is generated by the combustion of fossil fuels (fuel oil, 
petroleum coke, coal and natural gas) and, in part, by alternative fuels.  
The reduced consumption of non-renewable fossil fuels and the resulting increased use 
of alternative fuels is a primary aim for reducing environmental impact, particularly 
associated with emissions.  
As discussed in more detail above, alternative fuels, in this way, plays a major role 
toward the reduction of Group’s environmental footprint.  
By 2030, the Group plans to increase the proportion of alternative fuels in the fuel mix 
to 50% for producing grey cement and 13% for white cement. For white cement, the 
demand for consistency of colour is much higher than with grey as varying shades of 
white or coloured surfaces are not acceptable. For this reason, the use of alternative 
fuels is drastically limited in the production of white cement.  
The targets have been set for each plant and intermediate targets have been defined 
for 2025 and 2030. 
The 22% of the thermal energy needed in the cement production process is generated from alternative fuels. The 
goal is to reach 50% from alternative fuels in grey cement production and 13% in white cement production by 203020. 
 
In 2021-2023 period, fuel consumption for cement production decreased constantly, year by year, from 3.5 GJ/ton 
of clinker in 2021 to 3.3 GJ/ton of clinker in 2023.
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
 
 
 
22% alternative fuel  
Used for thermal energy 
production in place of  
non-renewable fossil fuels
 
 
 
12% alternative raw 
materials 
Used in the mix for cement 
production
 
 
 
 
 
11,120 tons   
Refuse-Derived Fuel (RDF) and 
Solid Recovered Fuel (SRF) 
generated by Group waste 
treatment facilities in 2023
The 22% of the thermal 
energy needed in the cement 
production process is 
generated from alternative 
fuels. The goal is to reach 
50% from alternative fuels in 
grey cement production and 
13% in white cement 
production by 2030
133
20 The quality requirements of white cement production make it difficult to use alternative fuels, as they affect the colour of the cement. For 
this reason, their use is drastically limited.
Fossil fuel replacement index  
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
% of fossil fuel replacement (white and grey combined)                            %                     22%                     21%                    20% 
% of fossil fuel replacement (only grey cement)                                          %                     33%                     32%                    30% 
% of fossil fuel replacement (only white cement)                                        %                       2%                       2%                      3% 

Page 136:
134
Fossil fuel consumption for cement production                                    
Type                                                                                                                  Unit                    2023                     2022                      2021 
Coal                                                                                                              GJ           7,639,540            7,617,448            7,526,248 
Petroleum coke                                                                                           GJ         16,085,194          16,107,354          15,031,687 
Fuel oil                                                                                                         GJ              696,208               934,015                457,020 
Lignite                                                                                                          GJ              471,456            1,312,041            5,862,081 
Gas oil                                                                                                           GJ                          0                          0                           0 
LPG                                                                                                               GJ                          0                          0                           0 
Natural gas                                                                                                  GJ           1,884,062            1,826,495            1,872,458 
District heating                                                                                            GJ                12,161                 13,467                  36,009  
Total                                                                                                                    GJ         26,788,621          27,810,820          30,785,503  
Fossil fuel per clinker produced                                           GJ / ton clinker                        3.3                        3.4                         3.5  
Fossil fuel consumption for White and Grey Cement production  
                                                                                                                                      2023                                                   2022  
Type                                                                        Unit                               White                     Grey                   White                       Grey 
Coal                                                                       GJ                                      0           7,639,540                          0              7,617,448 
Petroleum coke                                                    GJ                        8,893,547           7,191,647            9,880,022              6,227,332 
Fuel oil                                                                  GJ                           512,377              183,831               730,347                 203,668 
Lignite                                                                   GJ                                      0              471,456                          0              1,312,041 
Gas oil                                                                   GJ                                      0                         0                          0                            0 
LPG                                                                       GJ                                      0                         0                          0                            0 
Natural gas                                                          GJ                        1,884,062                         0            1,826,495                            0 
District heating                                                    GJ                                      0                12,161                          0                   13,467 
Total                                                                          GJ                      11,289,986         15,498,635          12,436,864            15,373,956  
Alternative fuel consumption for cement production 
                                                                                                                                     
Type                                                                                                                  Unit                    2023                     2022                     2021 
Used oil                                                                                                        GJ              254,526               213,935               331,895 
Rubbers and plastics                                                                                  GJ              180,693               185,862               115,095 
Tyres                                                                                                             GJ              702,384               797,156               772,592 
Paper/cardboard/wood                                                                               GJ                24,762               106,809               132,996 
Meat and bone meal                                                                                   GJ           1,291,097            1,298,176            1,256,250 
Dry sewage sludge                                                                                      GJ                          0                 10,331                 34,966 
RDF and SRF                                                                                               GJ           3,965,894            4,390,788            4,645,471 
Sunflower oil                                                                                                GJ              117,469               106,988               320,626 
Other alternative fuels                                                                               GJ           1,159,159               384,284               100,171 
Total                                                                                                                    GJ           7,695,984            7,494,329            7,710,063  
Alternative Fuel per Clinker produced                                GJ / ton clinker                     0.96                      0.93                      0.88  

Page 137:
135
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Alternative fuel consumption for White and Grey Cement production  
                                                                                                                                        2023                                                   2022  
Type                                                                        Unit                               White                     Grey                   White                       Grey 
Used oil                                                                 GJ                                      0              254,526                          0                 213,935 
Rubbers and plastics                                           GJ                                      0              180,693                          0                 185,862 
Tyres                                                                      GJ                                      0              702,384                          0                 797,156 
Paper/cardboard/wood                                       GJ                                      0                24,762                          0                 106,809 
Meat and bone meal                                            GJ                           245,610           1,045,487               281,872              1,016,304 
Dry sewage sludge                                              GJ                                      0                         0                          0                   10,331 
RDF and SRF                                                        GJ                                      0           3,965,894                          0              4,390,788 
Sunflower oil                                                        GJ                                      0              117,469                          0                 106,988 
Other alternative fuels                                        GJ                                      0           1,159,159                          0                 384,284 
Total                                                                          GJ                            245,610           7,450,374               281,872              7,212,457  
ALTERNATIVE RAW MATERIALS 
 
Cement production requires large quantities of natural raw materials, such as limestone, clay and gypsum, 
extracted from natural quarries using various methods. These are initially mixed to produce the meal from 
which the clinker is made, and subsequently added to the clinker and milled to obtain different types of cement. 
The Cementir Group is particularly focused on the environmental aspects associated with its operations, with 
the aim of limiting their impact on ec osystems and on the areas concerned. In this sense, it continues its 
commitment to reducing the use of non-renewable raw materials, promoting the use of alternative raw 
materials, so called because they do not originate from quarries but from other production processes.  
In 2023, the cement production plants of the Cementir Group used a total of about 14.7 million tons of materials 
to produce cement and the percentage of alternative raw materials increased to 12% from the 11% in 2022.  
Fluorescent tubes recycling in Kula, Türkiye 

Page 138:
136
Raw materials used in cement production  
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Non-renewable raw materials                                                                        t          12,945,259          13,228,832         14,442,142 
Renewable raw materials                                                                                t            1,752,381            1,675,008           1,747,743 
Total                                                                                                                          t          14,697,640          14,903,840         16,189,885  
Renewable raw materials as a percentage of total raw materials used         %                      12%                      11%                      11%  
Non-renewable raw materials used in cement production  
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Limestone                                                                                                          t          10,054,479          10,410,689         11,387,382 
Clay                                                                                                                    t               993,046            1,109,975           1,101,016 
Gypsum                                                                                                              t               415,316               422,458              444,419 
Marl                                                                                                                    t               535,594               312,606              584,158 
Sand                                                                                                                   t               469,806               483,783              527,779 
Pozzolana                                                                                                          t               156,034               161,811              167,747 
Admixtures                                                                                                        t                 10,757                 13,263                14,018 
Auxiliaries                                                                                                          t                          0                          0                         0 
Stone                                                                                                                  t                          0                          0                         0 
Calcium fluoride                                                                                               t                 52,060                 62,537                47,144 
Bauxite                                                                                                               t                 12,791                   7,772                  3,873 
Iron ore                                                                                                              t               148,079               151,648                47,657 
Other materials                                                                                                 t                 97,297                 92,291              116,949 
Total                                                                                                                                t          12,945,259          13,228,832          14,442,142  
Renewable materials used in cement production  
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Fly ash                                                                                                                t               548,837               502,673              481,718 
FGD gypsum                                                                                                      t                 67,381                 80,197                85,895 
Iron oxide                                                                                                           t                 37,518                 48,648                38,482 
Blast-furnace slag                                                                                            t               296,153               327,550              305,745 
Recovered limestone                                                                                        t               180,325               255,828              240,444 
Excavated waste soil (clay)                                                                              t               418,658               254,396              384,526 
Other materials                                                                                                 t               203,509               202,532              210,933 
Total                                                                                                                                t             1,752,381             1,671,824            1,747,743  
Raw materials used in the production of ready-mixed concrete  
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Non-renewable raw materials                                                                        t            9,251,932          10,237,353         10,964,549 
Renewable raw materials                                                                                t                 69,238               101,318                95,789 
Total                                                                                                                          t            9,321,169          10,338,671         11,060,338  
Renewable raw materials as a percentage of total raw materials used       %                  0.74%                 0.98%                 0.87%
In 2023, Cementir Group plants producing ready-mix concrete used a total of 9.3 million tons of raw materials, 
mainly rocks and sand. The variation is mainly linked to a decrease in the total production of concrete recorded 
in 2023, compared to 2022.

Page 139:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
137
Non-renewable raw materials used in the ready-mixed concrete production  
 
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Sand                                                                                                                   t            2,473,197            3,064,746           3,255,064 
Admixtures                                                                                                        t               131,484                 16,926                24,287 
Auxiliaries                                                                                                          t                        11                          9                         9 
Cement                                                                                                              t            1,281,924            1,482,944           1,549,711 
Stones                                                                                                                t            5,361,580            5,667,813           6,131,942 
Clay                                                                                                                    t                      394                          0                         0  
Steel fibre                                                                                                          t                   2,977                   4,404                  3,083 
Basalt fibre                                                                                                        t                        22                          5                         5 
Plastic macrofibre                                                                                            t                      214                      288                     246 
Colour pigment                                                                                                 t                      129                      146                       95 
Other materials                                                                                                 t                          0                        72                     106 
Total                                                                                                                          t            9,251,932          10,237,353         10,964,549
Renewable materials used in the ready-mixed concrete production   
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Fly ash                                                                                                                t                 59,605                 86,971                82,524 
Microsilica                                                                                                         t                   6,691                 11,689                12,008 
Blast-furnace slag                                                                                            t                   2,942                   2,658                  1,257 
Total                                                                                                                          t                 69,238               101,318                 95,789 
Finally, there are the raw materials used for the Group’s other production activities (mainly the manufacturing 
of prefabricated products). Consumption of raw materials and mat erials is far lower than in the rest of the 
business (about 74,000 tons) and there are no activities involving the use of recycled materials.
Non-renewable raw materials used in other production activities  
                                                                                                                             Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021 
Sand                                                                                                                   t                 31,327                 32,406                33,415 
Auxiliaries and admixtures                                                                              t                      109                      130                     134 
Cement                                                                                                              t                 12,892                 10,999                12,407 
Stones                                                                                                                t                 24,792                 24,073                25,527 
Steel                                                                                                                   t                   5,118                   4,012                  2,375 
Total                                                                                                                          t                 74,238                 71,619                 73,858 

Page 140:
                                                                                                                                                        2023                     2022                    2021 
Total waste                                                                                                 t / 1,000                    367.2                    392.2                   378.4  
Cement                                                                                                                                  121.6                   140.2                  156.3 
RMC                                                                                                                                       245.3                   251.6                  221.8 
Aggregates                                                                                                                                0.3                       0.4                      0.3 
Non-hazardous waste                                                                             t / 1,000                    366.2                    391.3                   377.3  
Recycling                                                                                                                               234.5                   275.1                  271.1 
Incineration with energy recovery                                                                                          0.6                       0.5                      0.7 
Incineration without energy recovery                                                                                     0.1                       0.1                      0.1 
Other recovery operations                                                                                                       0.0                       1.0                      0.0 
Landfilling                                                                                                                             110.0                     85.9                    98.8 
Other disposal operations                                                                                                      21.1                     28.6                      6.5  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Non-hazardous waste of total waste                                                              %                      99.7                      99.8                     99.7  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Cement                                                                                                            %                     33.1                     35.7                    41.2 
RMC                                                                                                                  %                     66.8                     64.2                    58.8 
Aggregates                                                                                                      %                       0.1                       0.1                      0.0 
Hazardous waste                                                                                      t / 1,000                        1.0                        0.9                       1.1  
Recycling                                                                                                                                   0.8                       0.5                      0.4 
Incineration with energy recovery                                                                                           0.1                      0.1                      0.2 
Incineration without energy recovery                                                                                     0.1                       0.0                      0.1 
Other recovery operations                                                                                                       0.0                       0.0                      0.4 
Landfilling                                                                                                                                 0.0                       0.1                      0.0 
Other disposal operations                                                                                                       0.0                       0.0                      0.0  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Cement                                                                                                            %                     80.5                     73.7                    79.5 
RMC                                                                                                                  %                       4.3                       5.0                      4.7 
Aggregates                                                                                                      %                     15.2                     21.2                    15.8
EFFICIENT WASTE MANAGEMENT 
 
We continue to adopt waste management solutions that facilitate recycling and/or reusing, 
based on an environmentally circular approach. For instance, one of the key strategies to 
reduce our environmental footprint is to increase the use of alternative raw materials and 
fuels (e.g., those derived from waste) in cement production. 
In cement production, we strive to maximize the reuse of clinker kiln dust in the production 
loop, thereby minimizing waste disposal in landfills. In the production of ready-mix concrete, 
we aim to reuse concrete-based demolition waste as a substitute for natural aggregates in 
new preparations, where possible (further details are available under ‘Low-carbon and 
sustainable concrete’ section). 
In the cement industry, the waste generated by our own production primarily comes from the 
periodic maintenance of machinery and equipment (e.g., used oil and scrap metal), 
warehouses, and offices. 
In 2023, 99.7% of the total waste produced was non-hazardous. Almost all hazardous waste 
was sent for recycling or recovery operations (e.g., electrical and electronic waste was used 
to recover metals, and hazardous waste in cement was used to produce RDF). Throughout the 
year, we received no fines and/or penalties related to waste management. 
138
In the production of ready-
mix concrete, we aim to 
reuse concrete-based 
demolition waste as a 
substitute for natural 
aggregates in new 
preparations


Page 141:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
We respect the environment  
in all our operations  
We adopt all necessary measures and the most innovative technological solutions  
to minimise the impact of our business on the environment.
The cement production process is associated with environmental impacts in the form of atmospheric emissions, 
mainly carbon dioxide,dust, and nitrogen and sulphur oxides. Most climate experts agree that the world must take 
urgent action to cut CO₂ emissions and it is undeniable that cement manufacturing is a process that makes intensive 
use of thermal energy, releasing both direct and indirect CO₂ emissions into the atmosphere.  
Cementir wants to address environmental and climate change issues by reducing CO₂ emissions, energy consumption, 
water withdrawal and to preserve natural habitats and their biodiversity in areas surrounding our sites. 
The Group analyses the environmental risks of its operations, involving management to ensure compliance with current 
regulations, best environmental standards and Best Available Techniques (BAT). 
Cementir has taken action to guarantee that all the companies of the Group that are active in cement and concrete production 
will operate in the coming years with a certified Environmental Management System according to the ISO 14001 standard. 
At the end of 2023, 93% of total cement production (8 cement plants) took place at sites where the 
Environmental Management System is certified ISO 14001. We aim to obtain the mentioned certification 
for all cement plants by 2025. 
In ready-mix concrete activities, companies accounting for 30% of production are ISO 14001 certified. We aim to certify 
100% of our companies in concrete production by 2027. 
The waste management company, operating in Türkiye, is already ISO 14001 certified. 
For the third consecutive year, Cementir Holding N.V. has been recognized as a leader with an ‘A-’ rating for Climate 
Change by the CDP, surpassing both the European average (B) and the average for the cement & concrete sector (B). 
Additionally, Cementir has been reaffirmed as a leader in CDP Water Security with an ‘A-’ score for the second year in 
a row, ranking above both the sector average (B) and the European average (C). 
 
 
CEMENTIR’S CO2 FOOTPRINT   
The Group’s CO₂ footprint can be described through the three different categories (Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions) 
established by the GHG protocol. 
Scope 1 emissions account for 70% of Cementir’s carbon footprint. Scope 1 emissions includes all direct emissions 
related to the calcination of limestone which, when heated in the kiln at high temperatures, releases CO₂. 
Scope 2 emissions, equal to 4% of the total, includes indirect emissions related to electricity purchased for the Group’s 
needs, for example in cement grinding mills.  
Scope 3 emissions include other indirect emissions that occur in the Group’s value chain, such as the extraction and 
production of purchased materials and fuels, and transportation. They account for 26% of Cementir’s carbon footprint. 
In 2023 total CO₂ equivalent emissions (direct and indirect) amounted to 10,215,766 million tons.  
CO2 emissions - Group          2023 (ton)              2023 (%)           2022 (ton)              2022 (%)           2021 (ton)             2021 (%) 
CO2 emissions (Scope 1)            7,184,097                     70%            7,324,884                     65%           8,006,881                    67% 
CO2 emissions (Scope 2)               424,422                       4%               386,306                       3%              707,044                      6% 
CO2 emissions (Scope 3)            2,607,247                     26%         3,591,43921                    32%           3,249,111                    27% 
Total CO2 emissions                 10,215,766                    100%          11,302,629                   100%         11,963,036                   100% 
21 2022 data has been restated to align the calculation with the SBTi recommendation related to transport-related emissions.
139

Page 142:
CEMENTIR’S SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS  
 
The emissions calculated for each Scope 3 category in 2023 are shown below.
Scope 3 category                           2023 (tCO2e)          %                 Description
Purchased goods and 
services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital Goods 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fuel and energy-related 
activities 
 
 
 
 
 
Upstream transportation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Waste 
 
 
 
Business travel 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Employee commuting 
 
 
 
Upstream leased assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,264,467 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34,913 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
964,593 
 
 
 
 
 
 
162,429 
 
 
 
 
 
 
298 
 
 
 
1,564 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
49% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0% 
 
 
 
0% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0% 
 
 
 
 
0% 
 
 
 
 
This category includes emissions related to the purchased 
materials such as clinker, cement, fly ashes, slag, gypsum, 
pozzolana etc. The calculation was made applying to 
quantities (tons) LCA emission factors, specific for each 
material. The emission factor database used for this 
calculation is Ecoinvent database. 
Comparing to 2022, the emission factor used to calculate 
emissions from the purchase of fly ash was updated in 
2023. The new emission factor was built by external 
consultant based on an economic allocation approach 
(emissions from production) which was combined with the 
EPD from OEKOBAU.DAT (emissions from storage and 
transport). This emission factor better reflects the 
allocated emissions from electricity production at coal 
mine power plant to the fly-ash production which is 
considered a by-product. This method is more suitable 
compared to the one used in the past from Ecoinvent. 
 
This category includes emissions related to the production 
and transportation of the following capital goods: 
constructions, machineries, electrical and optical 
equipment and transport equipment.  
In past years, emissions from capital goods were assessed 
using the GHG protocol tool, which ceased operation on 
August 30, 2023. Subsequently, a different database was 
utilized, resulting in a significant reduction in emissions 
following the methodology update. 
 
This category includes the emissions related to the 
extraction, production and transportation of fuels and 
energy purchased by Cementir in 2023 not already 
accounted for in Scope 1 or 2. The calculation was made 
applying the well-to-tank emission factors of 
BEIS&DEFRA, IEA and Econinvent. 
 
This category includes emissions deriving from upstream 
transportation by external cargo ships, trucks and freight 
trains of raw materials, semi-products and products. The 
calculation considers freights (tons) and distances and 
uses BEIS&DEFRA22 emission factors, specific for the 
mean of transportation. 
 
This category includes emissions from external 
wastewater treatment. The calculation uses Ecoinvent 
emission factors. 
 
This category includes emissions from employee business 
travels. In past years, emissions from capital goods were 
assessed using the GHG protocol tool, which ceased 
operation on August 30, 2023. Subsequently, a different 
database was utilized, resulting in a significant reduction 
in emissions following the methodology update. 
 
Category with negligible emissions. Most employees live 
close to the plants and the related emissions are estimated 
to be less than 1% of the total Scope 3 emissions. 
 
Category with negligible emissions.  According to the Cement 
Sector Scope 3 GHG Accounting and Reporting Guidance23, 
developed by the Cement Sustainability Initiative, this category 
is considered ‘not relevant’ to the cement sector. Emissions 
due to upstream leased assets are estimated to be less than 
1% of the total Scope 3 emissions. 
 
140
22 DEFRA is the UK Department for Enviro0nment, Food and Rural Affairs. Please see GOV.UK (www.gov.uk) 
23 Please see the Cement Sector Scope 3 GHG Accounting and Reporting Guidance, developed by the Cement Sustainability Initiative Cement 
Sector Scope 3 GHG Accounting and Reporting Guidance (wbcsd.org)

Page 143:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Scope 3 category                           2023 (tCO2e)          %                 Description
 
Downstream transportation 
 
 
 
 
Processing of sold products 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use of sold products 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
End-of-life treatment of sold 
products 
 
 
Downstream leased assets 
 
Franchises 
 
Investments 
 
TOTAL 
 
163,640 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15,343 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,607,247 
 
6% 
 
 
 
 
0% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
This category includes emissions deriving from 
downstream transportation by external cargo ships, trucks 
and freight trains of products. The calculation considers 
freights (tonnes) and distances and uses BEIS&DEFRA 
emission factors, specific for the mean of transportation.  
 
Category with negligible emissions. According to the 
Cement Sector Scope 3 GHG Accounting and Reporting 
Guidance, this category is considered ‘not relevant’ to the 
cement sector. Emissions due to the processing of sold 
cement products are estimated to be less than 1% of the 
total Scope 3 emissions.  
 
Category with negligible emissions. According to the 
Cement Sector Scope 3 GHG Accounting and Reporting 
Guidance, this category is considered ‘not relevant’ to the 
cement sector. Emissions due to the direct use-phase of 
sold cement products over their expected lifetime are 
estimated to be less than 1% of the total Scope 3 
emissions. 
 
This category includes emissions from the waste disposal 
and treatment of products. 
Sold by in the reporting period. 
 
Not applicable. 
 
Not applicable. 
 
Not applicable. 
 
Cement plant in Aalborg, Denmark
141

Page 144:
CO2 emissions - Other                                                            Unit                         2023                           2022                        2021 
CO2 emissions (Scope 1)                                                                     t                     49,196                      46,548                    24,631  
CO2 emissions (Scope 2)                                                                     t                       7,861                        8,758                    15,311  
Total CO2 emissions                                                                                t                     57,056                      55,306                    39,942  
CO2 EMISSIONS RELATED TO CEMENT PRODUCTION  
As reported in the chapter ‘Cementir Roadmap 2030’, the Group is increasingly focused on the development of 
new technologies for carbon capture and storage (CCS). Following the introduction of CCS in Aalborg, Cementir 
will reduce its Scope 1 emissions to 458 kg of CO₂ per ton of grey cement, below the threshold required by the EU 
Taxonomy, and 36% lower than 2020 emissions. 
For white cement, which is a special product with niche applications and markets (0.5% of total world cement 
production), Cementir’s plan is to reduce its Scope 1 emissions to 737 kg of CO₂ per ton of cement. The CO₂ 
reduction in white cement production will be achieved by replacing traditional fossil fuels with natural gas and 
biomass and replacing clinker content in cement with mineral additives, such as limestone. 
 
 
 
 
CO2 EMISSIONS RELATED TO OTHER ACTIVITIES  
 
For the other activities performed by the Group, ready-mix concrete, production of aggregates, production of 
concrete prefabricated products and waste collection and treatment, the CO₂ equivalent emissions are significantly 
lower. The data is presented in the table below. 
142
CO2 emissions - Cement Production                                    Unit                         2023                           2022                        2021 
CO2 emissions (Scope 1)                                                                     t                7,134,901                 7,278,336               7,982,250  
CO2 emissions (Scope 2)                                                                     t                   416,562                    377,548                  691,732  
Total CO2 emissions                                                                                t                7,551,463                 7,655,884               8,673,982  
CO₂ emissions Scope 1 - Grey cement                            kg CO₂/TCE                           655                             672                           684  
CO₂ emissions Scope 1 - White cement                          kg CO₂/TCE                           846                             886                           919   
Co₂ Emissions 
Reduction targets for Grey cement  
718
679
617
458
2020 2022 2025 2030
684
2021
655
2023
Co₂ Emissions 
Reduction targets for White cement  
846
2023
915 915
845
737
919
2020 2022 2025 20302021

Page 145:
143
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
 
ENERGY CONSUMPTION   
Cement production requires considerable levels of energy consumption in its various processes because of 
the high temperatures that must be reached in the kiln (1,500°C), the electricity required to grind the product 
and the quantity of material used.  
Thermal energy is used in the start-up and operation of the kilns and the operation of the burners or boilers 
required to increase production efficiency and optimise the production process 
(for example, to dry raw materials and fuels). Electricity, on the other hand, is 
mainly used to operate the mills that grind the raw materials, clinker and fuels.  
The intensity coefficients for the environmental performance indicators are 
calculated using Total Cement Equivalent (TCE), an indicator based on the plant’s 
production of clinker and average clinker-to-cement ratio. This choice was made 
because the production of clinker, the main constituent of cements, is the phase 
of production where the environmental impacts are greatest. 
In 2023, the cement production plants used 34.6 million GJ of thermal energy 
and 4.4 million GJ of electricity. The energy index, equal to 3.73 GJ/TCE decreased 
compared to 2022. Last year the index was 3.85.
Energy consumed to produce cement                                      
Type                                                                                                      Unit                         2023                           2022                        2021 
Thermal energy                                                                                GJ              34,630,123               35,470,361             38,569,279  
of which: from alternative fuel                                                   GJ                7,695,984                 7,494,329               7,710,063  
Thermal energy sold                                                                       GJ              -1,023,990                -1,283,120             -1,661,306  
Electricity                                                                                          GJ                4,399,638                 4,451,819               4,751,610  
Total energy                                                                                           GJ              38,005,770               38,639,060             41,659,583  
Thermal energy per t of Total Cement Equivalent               GJ/TCE                           3.4                            3.5                          3.6  
Thermal energy produced by alternative sources  
per t of Total Cement Equivalent                                           GJ/TCE                         0.76                          0.75                        0.72  
Electricity per t of Total Cement Equivalent                         GJ/TCE                         0.43                          0.44                        0.44  
Total energy per t of Total Cement Equivalent                     GJ/TCE                          3.73                            3.85                         3.87  
Energy consumed for white    
and grey cement production                                                                       2023                                                  2022 
Type                                                                                       Unit                White                     Grey                   White                       Grey 
Thermal energy                                                                  GJ       11,585,143         23,044,980          12,769,695            22,700,665  
of which: from alternative fuel                                     GJ            245,610           7,450,374               281 ,872              7,212,457  
Thermal energy sold                                                          GJ        -1,023,990                         0          -1,283,120                            0  
Electricity                                                                            GJ         1,172,123           3,227,515            1,240,319              3,211,501  
Total energy                                                                            GJ       11,733,276         26,272,495          12,726,894            25,912,166  
Thermal energy per t  
of Total Cement Equivalent                                       GJ/TCE                  4.83                    2.96                     5.11                      3.01  
Thermal energy produced by alternative  
sources per t of Total Cement Equivalent               GJ/TCE                  0.10                    0.96                     0.11                       0.96  
Electricity per t of Total Cement Equivalent           GJ/TCE                  0.49                    0.41                     0.50                       0.43  
Total energy per t of Total Cement Equivalent      GJ/TCE                   4.90                     3.37                      5.09                        3.44
The intensity coefficients for 
the environmental 
performance indicators are 
calculated using Total Cement 
Equivalent (TCE), an indicator 
based on the plant’s production 
of clinker and average  
clinker-to-cement ratio


Page 146:
In 2023, the ready-mix concrete production plants used about 83,000 GJ of electricity and 453,689 GJ of thermal 
energy. The energy intensity index for these plants was calculated using tons of concrete produced during the 
year as the denominator. 
For other activities such as the production of aggregates and cement manufacture, the Group used about 
122,000 GJ of electricity and 201,000 GJ of thermal energy. 
Regarding the use of renewable energy, in 2023 the Group, to increase its use in the plants, signed agreements 
with Engie and EtherEnergy for the subsidiary in Belgium, CCB, reaching a maximum deliverable capacity, 
between wind and solar, of 25 MWh. 
144
Energy consumed to produce ready-mixed concrete (fuels, electricity)            
Type                                                                                                      Unit                         2023                           2022                        2021 
Thermal energy                                                                                GJ                   453,301                    414,689                  365,070 
Electricity                                                                                          GJ                     83,985                      93,393                    72,623 
Total energy                                                                                           GJ                    537,286                     508,081                   437,693  
Thermal energy per t of ready-mixed concrete                                   GJ/t                             0.04                              0.05                            0.04 
Electricity per t of ready-mixed concrete                                              GJ/t                             0.01                              0.01                            0.01 
Total energy per t of ready-mixed concrete                                    GJ/t                            0.05                              0.06                           0.05  
Energy usage of other activities                                                
Type                                                                                                      Unit                         2023                           2022                        2021 
Thermal energy                                                                                GJ                   201,170                    209,512                  210,260 
Electricity                                                                                          GJ                   122,105                    128,002                  132,382 
Total energy                                                                                           GJ                    323,275                     337,514                   342,642  
Thermal energy per t of product made                                       GJ/t                         0.01                          0.01                        0.01 
Electricity per t of product made                                                 GJ/t                         0.01                          0.01                        0.01 
Total energy per t of product made                                              GJ/t                          0.02                            0.02                         0.02 
The Aalborg production plant has a system for recovering heat from 
combustion gases used. The thermal energy recovered from the system is 
used to supply the district heating network of the city of Aalborg, meeting 
the annual heating requirements of about 20,000 households.

Page 147:
145
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
 
RESPONSIBLE AND EFFICIENT USE OF WATER 
 
Starting with water-scarce areas as a priority, we promote the sustainable use of water across 
all of our activities. We are strongly committed to reducing water consumption and increasing 
water reused/recycled, (e.g., improving drainage and collecting rainwater to reuse/recirculate a 
portion of water). We aim to minimize water withdrawal and wastewater discharge, reduce losses 
(e.g., through periodical checks of underground water piping and pump conditions and replacing 
them, if needed) and to promote efficient water management practices. 
In 2023, water consumption in cement production was 3,442 thousand m3, about 80% of the 
Group’s total consumption. Water consumption in ar eas of high-water stress constituted 
32% of the total water consumption in cement production, while water withdrawal in these 
areas was 41% of total withdrawal in cement production.  
Water consumption in cement production was influenced by a remodulation of production 
compared to the previous year, particularly in the production of white cement. This was 
primarily due to an increase in water reuse and recycling. The percentage of total water 
withdrawal that was reused or recycled increased from 30% in 2022 to 34% in 2023. Furthermore, more than 
98% of total water discharged in cement production was freshwater24. 
In ready-mix concrete production, water is an input resource. The water consumption was 635 thousand of 
m3, 15% of the Group’s total consumption. In areas of high-water stress, water consumption made up 63% of 
the total consumption in ready-mix concrete production. The proportion of water that was reused or recycled 
was 24% of the total water withdrawal in ready-mix concrete production, an increase from 21% in 2022. We 
are working to exploit water reuse as much as possible for new preparations and activities on site. 
In the production of aggregates, water consumption was 265 thousand m 3, about 5% of Group’s total 
consumption. The proportion of water that was reused or recy cled was 13% of total water withdrawal in 
aggregate production.  
In locations where quarry dewatering25 is in place, there is an interest in recovering quarry water. The water 
that is pumped can be used for various purposes such as washing aggregates and watering trucks. The use 
of water in quarries, often arranged in closed circuits in order to limit the volume of pumped water, is most of 
the time very marginal in relation to the volume of collected water. 
In 2023, no fines and/or no penalties were received related to water management.
24 According to GRI 303, freshwater is defined as the concentration of Total Dissolved Solids is ≤1000 mg/l. 
25 Quarry dewatering refers to the process of removing groundw ater from a quarry to maintain a workable bottom of the quarry. Whe n a 
quarry extends below the water table, groundwater will naturally infiltrate the quarry due to gravity. 
Belgium, Potabilization of Clypot quarry water 
Throughout 2023, we continued to recover water from 
quarries to supply the public distribution network. 
The volume of water from the Clypot quarry sent for 
potabilization was 1,309 thousand m3, an increase 
from 741thousand m3 in 2022. Our goal is to maximize 
this supply, with plans to include the Gaurain quarry 
in the future, potentially reaching a total of around 
5,000 thousand m3 (further details can be found under the section ‘ Extraction activities, rehabilitation and 
biodiversity’). These operations enable the recovery of quarry water into the public distribution network. As 
a result, the local authority’s reliance on well production can be significantly reduced in high-water stress 
areas, such as the Gaurain and Clypot districts.
The percentage of total 
water withdrawal that was 
reused or recycled 
increased from 30% in 
2022 to 34% in 2023. 
Furthermore, more than 
98% of total water 
discharged in cement 
production was 
freshwater


Page 148:
An integrated strategy on climate 
change 
Water risks associated with climate change are 
periodically assessed using the World Resources 
Institute (WRI) - Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. The risk 
levels for each cement plant and region are identified, 
and actions for improvement are prioritized and 
planned. This process aligns with our Roadmap to 
2030, which involves reducing consumption (e.g., 
through the reduction of the clinker ratio). 
In 2023, 32% of water consumption in cement 
production occurred in areas of high and extremely 
high-water stress. We have set a goal to reduce the 
water consumption per ton of cement produced by 
20% by no later than 2030 (with 2019 as the baseline). 
In conditions of high and extremely high-water stress, 
the reduction target is 25%, despite starting from a 
specific consumption situation that is lower than the 
Group average. 
In 2023, the specific consumption in cement, net of the remodulation of production between white and grey 
cement, was further improved compared to our baseline. The consumption was 387 litres/TCE (246 litres/TCE 
in high-water stress areas), aligning with our improvement plan.  
Water stress future scenarios  
146
The WRI’s Aqueduct™ information platform compiles 
advances in hydrological modelling, sensor data, and 
published data sets into a freely accessible online 
platform. Baseline water stress measures the ratio 
of total water withdrawals to available renewable 
surface and groundwater supplies. Available 
renewable water supplies include the impact of 
upstream consumptive water users and large dams 
on downstream water availability. Higher values 
indicate more competition among users.
Raw value                         Risk category 
<10%                                Low  
10%-20%                         Low-medium  
20%-40%                         Medium-high 
40%-80%                         High  
>80%                                Extremely high 
                                         Arid and low water use
Improving water consumption in cement                                  
                                                                                                     2019              2020             2021             2022              2023            2030 
Specific water consumption                   l/TCE                     480                445                413               402                387              384 
Reduction compared to 2019                                                                            -7%             -14%             -16%             -19%            -20% 
Specific water consumption - 
high water stress areas                          l/TCE                     280                287                276               257                246              210 
Reduction compared to 2019                                                                              0%               -2%               -8%             -12%            -25% 
% of our cement plants operating in high and extremely high water stress areas 
 
 
 
 
 
% of our sites operating in high and extremely high water stress areas 
  36%
2023
  36%
2030
  54%
2050
  35%
2023
  38%
2030
  40%
2050

Page 149:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
147
Safe Water, Sanitation and Hygiene at the Workplace (WASH) 
Every day, the Group is committed to developing a more responsible business that respects 
human and labour rights and promotes environmental protection. Additionally, we are focused 
on providing access to WASH (Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene) after signing the WASH Pledge 
developed by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). 
Our plan aims to improve access to safe water and sanitation for all workers at workplaces 
under our operational control. Furthermore, we intend to address and support access to 
WASH along the value chain and in the communities where we operate. 
By the end of 2023, the Group’s average compliance with WASH standards was close 
to 90%. 
Water Management System  
Water balance is monitored at the site level on a monthly basis and consolidated at the Group level quarterly. 
The Group’s guidelines on monitoring and reporting establish the minimum requirements for such activities. 
These guidelines align with recognized international reference documents, such as the Global Reporting 
Initiative standards and GCCA (Global Cement and Concrete As sociation) Sustainability Guidelines for 
monitoring and reporting water in cement manufacturing. 
We adopt various methods to measure different flows: 
• We measure the volume of water instantaneously passing through the cross-section of a channel or pipe 
using a meter. 
• We calculate measurements by multiplying the measured flow rate and pump operational hours, or by 
the difference between two measurements, such as water withdrawal and discharge. 
• We estimate calculations by multiplying the rated capacity reported by the pump manufacturer and pump 
operating hours, or by using an empirical formula with assumed factors. 
Quality monitoring of water discharge is conducted regularly. The frequency of measurement is usually monthly 
but may vary according to local regulations (e.g., quarterly) and environmental permits. Effluent parameters 
are periodically monitored using recognized analytical methodologies required by local authorities (e.g., total 
suspended solids, pH, temperature, oxygen demand, etc.). 
We undertake a comprehensive assessment of our water management across all our plants to ensure a 
complete understanding of water withdrawal, discharge, recycling, and consumption. 
Water is primarily used for conditioning kiln gases, de-dusting and cleaning activities, and cooling equipment 
(e.g., compressors). In wet and semi-wet processes in cement, water consumption is mainly due to water 
vaporization during the production phases. Pumped water can be used for a variety of purposes, such as 
washing aggregates or watering trucks. 
Water from production phases, before being discharged, is subjected to primary treatment on-site (98% of 
the total water discharge in 2023). The treatment includes the physical removal of suspended solids and 
floating material, typically by sedimentation. 
Secondary treatment is related to wastewater treatment plants (e.g., biological units) implemented in some 
of our production plants and also in our waste management facilities. 
Tertiary treatment (chemical and biological), following secondary treatment, removes suspended, colloidal, 
and dissolved constituents (e.g., nutrients, heavy metals, inorganic and other contaminants, etc.). This 
treatment is relevant only for our waste management plants. 
In 2023, 93% of total cement production took place at sites where the Environmental Management System 
was certified ISO 14001. We aim to obtain this certification for all cement plants by 2025. 
In ready-mix concrete activities, certified sites represented 30% of total production. We aim to have 100% of 
companies operating in ready-mix certified by 2027. 
Cimbeton concrete mixer truck, Turkey


Page 150:
Group water balance                                                                      
                                                                                                                                               2023                           2022                        2021 
Total water withdrawal                                                         m3 / 1,000                      15,317                       14,908                     15,651  
Surface water                                                                                                                50 5                           524                         658 
Groundwater                                                                                                               5,473                        6,849                      6,992 
Seawater                                                                                                                            0                               0                             0 
Rainwater                                                                                                                       843                           570                         764 
Public water                                                                                                                   502                           581                         537 
Quarry water                                                                                                               7,994                         6,384                      6,700  
Total water discharge                                                           m3 / 1,000                      10,993                         9,808                       9,737  
By place of discharge                                                                                                                                                                                     
Surface water                                                                                                             6,451                         5,255                      5,202 
Groundwater                                                                                                                    2 2                           215                             9 
Seawater                                                                                                                     2, 836                        3,270                      3,121 
External treatment plants and other discharge area                                             1,523                           9 11                      1,262 
Domestic sewage                                                                                                          161                           157                         143 
Total water consumption                                                      m3 / 1,000                       4,325                         5,099                       5,914  
Water balance in cement                                                              
                                                                                                                                               2023                           2022                        2021 
Total water withdrawal                                                         m3 / 1,000                        9,191                         9,115                       9,795  
Surface water                                                                                                                40 8                           404                         605 
Groundwater                                                                                                               4,336                        5,014                      5,114 
Seawater                                                                                                                            0                               0                             0 
Rainwater                                                                                                                       717                           346                         486 
Public water                                                                                                                   239                           267                         254 
Quarry water                                                                                                               3,491                         3,084                      3,336 
Total water discharge                                                           m3 / 1,000                        5,748                         5,273                       5,339  
By place of discharge                                                                                                                                                                                     
Surface water                                                                                                             2,661                         1,745                      1,959 
Groundwater                                                                                                                    1 3                             11                             9 
Seawater                                                                                                                     2, 836                        3,270                      3,121 
External treatment plants and other discharge areas                                              126                           1 61                         160 
Domestic sewage                                                                                                          112                             86                           90 
Total water consumption                                                      m3 / 1,000                       3,442                         3,842                       4,455  
In high water-stress areas                                                % of total water  
                                                                                             consumption in cement   32.0                          37.2                        34.4  
Total water reused/recycled                                               m3 / 1,000                        3,095                         2,695                       3,191  
                                                                                             % of total water  
                                                                                             withdrawal in cement      33.7                          29.6                        32.6  
Specific water consumption                                               l / TCE                                  387                             402                           413  
In high water-stress areas                                                                                            246                           257                         276  
Our waste management business is already ISO 14001certified.  
In the following pages, you will find the breakdown of water balance data for the entire Group, as well as the 
breakdown for cement and ready-mix concrete production, which together account for more than 94% of the 
Group’s total consumption. 
148

Page 151:
149
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Water balance in ready-mix concrete                                        
                                                                                                                                               2023                           2022                        2021 
Total water withdrawal                                      m3 / 1,000                                              740                             888                           884  
Surface water                                                                                                                   40                             96                           50 
Groundwater                                                                                                                   329                           345                         370 
Seawater                                                                                                                             0                               0                             0 
Rainwater                                                                                                                       126                           137                         182 
Public water                                                                                                                   245                           310                         281  
Total water discharge                                        m3 / 1,000                                              105                               59                             51  
By place of discharge                                                                                                                                                                                      
Surface water                                                                                                                     0                             13                             0 
Groundwater                                                                                                                       0                               0                             0 
Seawater                                                                                                                             0                               0                             0 
External treatment plants and other discharge area                                                  71                               1                             1 
Domestic sewage                                                                                                             34                             45                           50 
Total water consumption                                   m3 / 1,000                                              635                             829                           833  
In high water-stress areas                               % of total water  
                                                                           consumption in ready-mix               63.4                          59.4                        61.3  
Total water reused/recycled                             m3 / 1,000                                              178                             183                           204  
                                                                           % of total water  
                                                                           withdrawal in ready-mix                   24.0                          20.6                        23.1  
Specific water consumption                             l / m3 ready-mix concrete                 149                             173                           163  
In high water-stress areas                                                                                            154                           191                         181  
Rochefort Terminal, France

Page 152:
150
EXTRACTION ACTIVITIES, REHABILITATION AND BIODIVERSITY  
 
The extraction and preparation of raw materials is one of the foundational pillars of our activities which delves 
into our unwavering commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship within these critical initial 
stages of cement and aggregate production. 
Quarrying, the very beginning of our production cycle, is more than mere extraction; it embodies our dedication to 
harmonizing our operations with nature. Recognizing the substantial environmental 
footprint associated with quarrying and the handling of raw materials, we have adopted a 
forward-thinking approach, aligning our strategies with the latest sustainability principles 
and practices. Our endeavours are not only aimed at minimizing our ecological impact 
but also at enhancing biodiversity and promoting the restoration of natural habitats. 
A substantial portion of our raw materials is sourced from our own quarries, where 
we adhere to responsible and sustainable mining practices. The proximity of these key 
resources to our production facilities is crucial for the continuity of our business 
operations, making the protection and efficient management of these resources a 
strategic priority. 
We follow multifaceted sustainable resource management principles, encompassing: 
• Strict adherence to compliance standards, ensuring our practices meet or exceed regulatory 
requirements. 
• Efficient and optimized use of mineral resources, aiming for maximum value with minimal waste. 
• Sensitivity towards environmental and ecological concerns, prioritizing the preservation of natural habitats 
and biodiversity. 
• Integration of alternative materials into our proc esses, reducing our dependence on natural resources 
and promoting conservation and circularity. 
• Rigorous monitoring and management of our reserves, ensuring their sustainable use and replenishment. 
• Engagement in continuous dialogue with stakeholders, fostering transparency and collaboration in our 
sustainability endeavours. 
By harnessing digital technologies, we have refined our quarry operations through enhancing efficiency and 
optimizing the use of resources. This strategic approach ensures that we extract materials that are not only 
economically viable but also align with our quality and quantity standards, thereby reducing our overall land 
footprint. 
Our long-term view and targets to secure mineral deposits contribute to the development of more accurate 
and sustainable strategies, ensuring a balanced and responsible approach to resource extraction as well as 
allowing us to follow the mitigation hierarchy especially for avoidance.  
We are committed to the exploration and adoption of alternative resources, a move that significantly contributes 
to the reduction of CO2 emissions, diminishes our reliance on natural resources, and conserves existing 
reserves. This approach not only mitigates the need for new extraction sites but also underscores our dedication 
to innovative and sustainable resource management.  
In 2023, we intensified efforts to substitute natural 
resources with alternative raw materials. For 
example, in Turkiye; 
• Izmir Plant: Used 983,000 tons of alternative raw 
materials and by-products/was tes from various 
sources, reducing natural resource consumption 
and the environmental impact. Alternative raw 
material usage grew by 30% comparing to 2022. 
A substantial portion of our 
raw materials is sourced 
from our own quarries, 
where we adhere to 
responsible and 
sustainable mining 
practices 
Cement plant in Gaurain, Belgium

Page 153:
151
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
• Trakya Plant: 47,000 tons of bottom ash as a by-product from around 30 external companies, substituting 
for clay and iron resources and 41,000 tons of fly ash, increasing alternative raw material usage. 
• Elazig Plant: Used 16,000 tons of fly ash and bottom ash, contributing positively to the conservation of 
land and reserves conservation.  
• Kars Plant: Used 7,000 tons of aggregates bypass dust as a clay alternative for sourcing aluminium, aiding 
in the conservation of clay reserves and land. 
 
Life on land 
Cementir adopts a proactive approach of 'avoid, minimize, and mitigate' to address any land impacts arising 
from quarrying activities. Complying to all relevant land and environmental laws associated with quarry 
operations is fundamental for Cementir. The Group not only meets local requirements but also strives to 
implement international good practices for further enhancements. The strategy includes maximising use from 
authorized areas and reducing land disturbance, supported by comprehensive mining plans aiming at 
consistent and optimized quality of raw mixes.  
Cementir commits to having and implementing rehabilitation plans for all its active sites and supports 
progressive implementation by rehabilitating depleted quarry sections and benches during ongoing operations 
within the same quarry area.  
Cementir also commits to developing and implementing Biodiversity Management Plans for the extraction 
sites that have significant biodiversity value.  
In 2022, Cementir introduced a Group Guideline for standardising and enhancing quarry rehabilitation and 
biodiversity management and during 2023 post-guideline evaluations regarding guideline compliance, gap 
analysis and initiatives identification were carried out. The preliminary analysis has been carried out by relying 
on international and well-recognized database, like the Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT). 
Following the overall process review, the Group reconfirms that 95% of Rehabilitation Plan are in place with a 
target of reaching 100% and progressing on biodiversity value assessments while at the same time already 
having and implementing Biodiversity Management Plans within biodiversity sensitive areas.  
Additionally, Cementir recognizes the importance of temporary habitats in quarries for biodiversity and plans 
to promote and monitor them as key performance indicators.  
 
Key Initiatives  
 
Kudsk & Dahl  
Kudsk & Dahl, a subsidy of Cementir producing 
aggregate in Denmark, is firmly committed to the 
enhancement of biodiversity within the two quarries 
located in Nr. Hostrup and Dybvad. As one of the first 
examples in extractive industry in Denmark, Kudsk & 
Dahl issued a Roadmap in 2023, specifically examining 
to biodiversity and rehabilitation activities for its 
quarries.  
In pursuit of Kudsk & Dahls objective, the Roadmap 
specifies the initiatives implemented to meet the 
overarching principles and goals for the conservation and enhancement of biodiversity in the areas where 
Kudsk & Dahl extract raw materials, both in current and future gravel pits. These initiatives are aimed at the 
preservation and restoration of natural habitats, safeguarding endangered species, and mitigating our 
environmental impact, particularly before, during, and after the extraction of raw materials.   


Page 154:
152
In addition to the Roadmap, Kudsk & Dahl has successfully executed and initiated a multitude of initiatives as 
part of ongoing efforts for enriching biodiversity and enforcing its management.  
 
Collaboration with Aabenraa Municipality  
Kudsk & Dahl welcomed a biologist from the Aabenraa Municipality, who provided expert guidance on 
enhancing biodiversity in the gravel pits to local management. The emphasis was particularly on creating 
space for native plant species to thrive and propagate, thereby establishing habitats for existing insects, 
amphibians, birds, etc., already present in the gravel pit. 
 
Visit from a local school with a focus on temporary habitats 
Kudsk & Dahl hosted the 3rd and 4th grades from Grænseegnens Friskole, who, along with a biologist from 
the Aabenraa Municipality, explored our gravel pit in Nørre Hostrup during autumn 2023 for unique plants, 
amphibians, and insects hidden. 
 
Rehabilitation of the former gravel quarry in Oksenvad 
Kudsk & Dahl completed operations in the Oksenvad gravel pit in 2018. The quarry has since been transformed 
into a natural area and is now open to the public. This transformation was achieved through significant 
rehabilitation work, conducted continuously during gravel extraction and particularly in the post-extraction 
phase. Today, the area includes a lake, purpose-built nature trails, thousands of replanted trees, and seating 
areas for visitors, thereby benefiting the local community. 


Page 155:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Aalborg Portland 
The extensive area managed by Aalborg Portland, including a significant chalk quarry, is under a 
comprehensive rehabilitation plan. The plan not only focuses on environmental restoration but also considers 
community recreational needs and biodiversity improvements. The company has a forward-looking approach 
to managing the quarry landscape post-extraction, integrating recreational activities and biodiversity 
preservation. This strategy, informed by previous projects like the Limelife project, aspires to create a balanced 
ecosystem that benefits both nature and the local community. 
For further information please visit: https://aalborgportlandholding.com/en/sustainability/in-aalborg-the-
limestone-quarry-becomes-a-family-park 
153

Page 156:
CCB 
CCB, with its depleted quarry in Gaurain, current quarry in Clypot and future quarry 
in Barry is continuously working on initiatives for enhancing biodiversity. Continuing 
from its involvement in the 'Life in Quarries Project ', CCB is embarking on new 
initiatives for this purpose. CCB’s commitment extends beyond the completion of the 
project, with a focus on maintaining and amplifying biodiversity actions. Upon the finalization of the project, 
all the commitments listed in the individual charter are framed legally dispensation for protected species 
granted by Belgian authorities. Each year starting from 2022, a summary annual report has been drawn up in 
order to list the actions carried out and publish the monitoring indicators. Since 2022, we've been in the post-
life phase which is a long-term commitment to maintain in-life actions for a period of 15 years. 
Beyond any legal framework and requirement, another initiative for our future quarry in Barry, falls under our 
focus on biodiversity enhancement. The peripheral areas of quarry area have been identified as ideal for 
creating permanent ponds. These ponds can support many species of plants, amphibians, and dragonflies.   
During 2023 our initiatives started to bear fruits, with the accumulation of rainwater favoured by a clay-based 
substrate and the first aquatic plants starting to colonize the environment (as shown also in the pictures below). 
 
Gaurain Quarry Water Valorisation  
Following the signing of an agreement with Société Wallonie des Eaux (SWDE) in 2022 for the supply of drinking 
water through pipelines and the protection of water resources intended for human consumption with a target 
of pumping 1,7 Mm³/y from the old quarry of Gaurain to SWDE to reach the drinkable water net 
(Transhennuyère), works in the quarry and on the pipe between the quarry and SWDE (Société Wallonnie des 
Eaux) station was initiated in 2023.  
 
This project is another example of our dedication on circular economy and showing the importance of our 
partnerships on the path to achieving our goals.  
154

Page 157:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
155
Cimentas 
Cimentas’ Izmir plant has taken significant strides in assessing and improving the biodiversity of its quarries 
and implementing a rehabilitation plan. As a result of the assessment studies, region-specific afforestation work 
was carried out in 2023, in accordance with the structure of the area in terms of vegetation. In this context, stone 
pine, oleander and wild strawberry were planted in the benches where our mining activities had been terminated, 
in order to return that area to its former state by planting trees and leafy variety specific to the region. 
The initiative has been implemented by the organisation of an internal event to raise the awareness regarding 
biodiversity and its importance among employees.   
 
Our Commitments  
• We will have Rehabilitation Plans for all active sites.  
• We will have biodiversity enhancement recommendations to be integrated as part of Environmental 
Impact Assessments or Rehabilitation Plans for any new extraction site.  
• We aim to assess all extraction sites and identify the sites with high biodiversity value. 
• We aim to have Biodiversity Management Plan for all sites with high biodiversity value. 
 
Targets  
• Rehabilitation plan in all active sites by 2025: 100%.  
• Biodiversity value assessment of active sites by 2030: 100%. 
• Biodiversity value assessment of all sites and Biodiversity Management Plan for high biodiversity 
sites by 2030: 100%.


Page 158:
156
AIR PROTECTION  
 
The range of emissions generated by kilns largely depends on the nature of the raw materials, fuels and the 
age and design of the plant. For example, the concentration of impurities and the behaviour of limestone during 
firing/calcination can influence emissions. The variation in the sulphur content in the raw material plays a 
significant role and influences the range of sulphur emissions in the exhaust gas. We adopt appropriate 
technologies that mitigate air emissions, following the best available techniques (e.g., electrostatic precipitators 
and fabric filters for dust, low NOx burners, and selective non-catalytic reduction systems for NOx). 
Monitoring and reporting of air emissions are fundament al parts of the Group's activities to mitigate 
environmental impact. Our monitoring guidelines align with recognized international reference documents 
such as the Global Reporting Initiative standards and GCCA Sustainability Guidelines for monitoring and 
reporting emissions from cement manufacturing. 
In 2023, 100% of clinker production was monitored through Continuous Emission Monitoring Systems (CEMS) 
and discontinuous measurements of all emissions, thereby increasing the frequency of sampling. At the Group 
level, 98% of total clinker production was monitored through CEMS for the main pollutants: dust, nitrogen 
oxides (NOx), and sulphur oxides (reported as SO2). 
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs), measured as Total Organic Compounds (TOC), are also reported. Even in 
very small quantities, emissions of volatile or semi-volatile heavy metals and their compounds, and 
polychlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) are relevant. These emissions depend on the 
kiln and process design, as well as on the composition of raw materials and fuels, including biomass. Non-
volatile metal compounds remain within the process and exit as part of the clinker composition. 
In 2023, we had an overall improvement in the main air emission indicators due to the effectiveness of filter 
systems for dust emission reduction, more stable operating conditions for NOx emissions, and lower sulphur 
content in raw materials and fuels for SO2 emissions. Compared to 2022, two white cement production kilns 
were not operational, which had an impact on total emissions considering the different operating conditions 
of white cement production compared to grey.  
During the year, we received no relevant fines or penalties26. 
26 In Egypt, one penalty was received due to a communication error to the administration for an amount of about 400 €.
Cement plant in Anqing, China

Page 159:
157
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
27 CEMS - Continuous Emission Monitoring Systems. 
28 PCDD/Fs (Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-furans; they include the 17 congeners of the NATO sch eme 
adopted internationally and are reported as international Toxic Equivalent, TEQ). 
29 Sb, As, Pb, Cr, Co, Cu, Mn, Ni and V. 
Air emissions                                                                                                              2023                           2022                        2021 
Clinker produced with CEMS27 and discontinuous measurements of all emissions                                                                        
% of total production                                                                                                     100                           100                           95 
Clinker produced with CEMS of dust, NOx and SO2                                                                                                                                  
% of total production                                                                                                       98                           100                         100 
Dust                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
tons                                                                                                                                 172                           206                         213 
g/t clinker                                                                                                                         21                             25                           25 
NOx                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
tons                                                                                                                            10,821                      10,922                    10,583 
g/t clinker                                                                                                                    1,344                        1,353                      1,206 
SO2                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
tons                                                                                                                              1,405                        1,578                      1,982 
g/t clinker                                                                                                                       175                           195                         226 
TOC                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
g/t clinker                                                                                                                         37                             44                           43 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                                         15                              17                           17 
Hg                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
g/t clinker                                                                                                                    0.006                        0.006                      0.014 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                                         15                              17                           17 
PCDD/Fs28                                                                                                                                                                         
μg TEQ /t clinker                                                                                                         0.009                        0.014                      0.034 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                                         15                              17                           17 
ΣCd, Tl 
g/t clinker                                                                                                                    0.007                        0.009                      0.014 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                                         15                              17                           16 
ΣOther heavy metals29 
g/t clinker                                                                                                                      0.07                          0.11                        0.11 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                                         15                              17                           16

Page 160:
Cement plant in Aalborg, Denmark
158
HEALTH AND SAFETY IS A COMMON VALUE 
 
Over the past three years, we have initiated a significant cultural change so that health and safety is perceived 
and experienced in daily activities as a common value. The trend of accident indices is confirming the 
effectiveness of our action plans adapted to individual industrial sites. We are aware that all accidents and 
work-related illnesses are preventable. Our ‘Zero accident strategy’ is well founded on this principle. 
Our framework for the prevention of work-related incidents and illnesses is the effective implementation and 
maintenance of the Health and Safety Management System according to the ISO 45001 standard, the Group’s 
guidelines and standards and the regulations in the countries where we operate. 
The Management Systems Certification Program  has been completed for cement. All cement production 
plants are ISO 45001 certified. We plan to certify all ready-mix concrete activities by 2027. 
The Group’s monitoring guidelines are consistent with recognized international reference documents such as 
the Global Reporting Initiative standards and GCCA Sustainability Guidelines for the monitoring and reporting 
of safety in cement and concrete manufacturing. 
 
 
HEALTH AND SAFETY - PROGRESS IN 2023 
 
According to our sustainability roadmap (see paragraph “Cementir Roadmap 2030”) we started new industrial 
projects, in particular in cement. Working hours increased by 3% compared to 2022 mainly for contractors. 
No fatal injuries occurred among employees and contractors/subcontractors. The total number of lost time 
injuries has been reduced by 16% compared to 2022. One injury occurred in Türkiye with more than six months 
of absence; the worker is expected to recover by the first semester of 2024. 
All incidents, starting from high potential events, have been analyzed and investigated to determine the root 
causes and identify corrective/preventive actions that have already been implemented/planned. 
In 2023, the main causes of incidents were slips, trips and falls (about 30% of the total, 40% in 2022) mostly 
concerning behaviours we focused on during the World Day for Safety and Health at Work thorough specific 
and additional training and awareness-raising initiatives.
We value our people 
We attract and value talent and ensure a safe and stimulating work environment  
for our people, who are our most important resource.

Page 161:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
In 2023, the total lost time injury rate improved by 17% compared to 2022 and by 51% compared to the average 
for the previous three-years. The total recordable injury rate improved by 11% compared to 2022. Total severity 
rate of injuries also decreased more than 20% compared to 2022.  
The table below shows the evolution of the lost time injury rate from 2020 to 2023 for all workers (including 
both employees and contractors), employees only and contractors only. 
 
In 2023, all of our companies continued to implement Health Management Systems with the objective of 
promoting and maintaining the health and well-being of employees and ensuring adequate risk management 
in the workplace. Almost all the employees are included in the health monitoring programs, considering the 
task risk evaluation for each of them. In 2023, there were around 2,100 health checks (around 1,700 in 2022). 
They were conducted in compliance with the health protocols defined by the Occupational Physicians. 
During the year, no occupational illness allegations were received. 
159
The World Day for Safety and Health at Work - April 28 
Like every year, the Group celebrated, in a 
coordinated manner, World Day for Safety and 
Health at Work. This common value constitutes 
a pillar of the Group’s sustainability in which 
the continuous involvement of workers is 
fundamental. 
During that week all workers were involved in 
the “One step at the time” communication campaign. Each Group’s business/site 
has implemented specific and additional initiatives focused on the topic of 
prevention of slips, trips and falls, one of the main causes of accidents in the Group 
and throughout the world. 
Knowing the causes and identifying actions to prevent such incidents is a 
fundamental condition for minimizing risks from a collective perspective. The level 
of involvement and active participation of workers, supported by specific 
communication tools, was more than satisfactory. Safety topics relating to these 
risk factors were addressed through specific initiatives such as team simulations, 
safety walk&talks and additional training sessions. 
Slips
Trips
5 WAYS TO REDUCE  
THE RISK
Slipping Tripping
of
SELECT and WEAR 
proper footwear:
good housekeeping:
one step at a time
• Slippery materials (water, ice,  
 snow, oils, powders, granular  
 solids)
• Slippery surfaces (polished tile 
 or stone, smooth painted 
 concrete or metal)
• Inappropriate footwear for the  
 surface  
• Uneven walking surfaces
• Unexpected or unseen steps,  
 platforms or thresholds 
• Wrinkled carpeting, or loose  
 rugs or mats
• Obstructions such as an open  
 bottom file cabinet drawer 
• Exposed or loose cables,  
 wires or cords
• Clutter on the floor or stairs 
PRACTICE
CLEAN up all 
spills and debris 
immediately
MARK or 
IDENTIFY spills 
and wet areas
KEEP walkways 
clear of clutter 
and other 
obstacles
CLOSE file 
cabinets and 
storage drawers 
immediately
MATCH your 
footwear to all 
the hazards of 
your job
KEEP shoes 
in good repair, 
clean and 
free from 
contaminants
COVER or TAPE 
down cords  
or cables
PREVENTINGFALLS*
SLIPS and  TRIPS
TO PREVENT FALLS 
• USE appropriate, non-slip 
 flooring material 
• PROVIDE adequate lighting 
Worldwide 25-30% 
of injuries 
are due to slips 
and trips annually 
DO NOT LET 
objects you 
are carrying 
or pushing 
block your 
view
USE a 
flashlight if 
you enter a 
dark room
USE installed 
light sources 
that provide 
sufficient 
light for your 
tasks
KEEP walking 
areas 
clear from 
clutter or 
obstructions
ADJUST your 
stride to be 
suitable for 
the walking 
surface and  
the task
MAKE wide 
turns at 
corners
SLOW down 
and pay 
attention to 
where you 
are going
PLACE 
each foot 
firmly and 
flat on the 
floor
WALK with 
your feet 
pointed 
slightly 
outward
KEEP 
flooring 
in good 
condition
COMMON 
CAUSES
*Falls that occur on the same level
About 33% of our 
injuries are from 
a slip or trip.
from
预防摔倒
源于打滑和
磕绊引起的
一步一步来
每年世界上有
25-30%的伤害事故
源自于滑倒和绊倒
我们集团大约33%
的伤害事故源自于
滑倒和绊倒
为了预防摔倒养成干净整洁的习惯 使用合适的防滑的地板
*发生在同一水平上的摔倒
及时清理所有遗撒的物
品和零碎
选择和穿合
适的鞋子
在湿滑区域标注或识别
遗撒的物品
确保人行通道没有杂物
或其它障碍物
即时关闭文件柜和储
藏柜
根据工作危害的
不同，选择适宜
的工作鞋
保持鞋子有良好地保
养、清洁和无污物
盖住或用胶带粘住电
线或电缆
先慢下来，
注意观察你
所走的地方
平稳地走好
每一步
调整你的步
幅，以适应
在地面上行
走和工作
走路时，脚
尖稍微向外
转弯时，不
要急转弯
提供充足的照明
滑倒 绊倒
保持行走区
域远离杂物
或障碍物
湿滑物料(水、冰、雪、油、粉末、颗粒状固体)
光滑的表面(抛光的瓷砖或
石头，抛光的或油漆过的
混凝土或金属)
工作时，穿不适合的鞋子
行走在不平整的路面
未想到或未看见的台阶、平台
或门槛
地毯起皱，地毯或垫子松动
障碍物，如打开文件柜底部抽
屉
裸露或松动的电缆、电线
或绳子
地板或楼梯上的杂物
确保地面处
于良好状态
使用安装好
的光源，为
你的工作提
供足够的光
线
如果你进入
一个黑暗的
房间，使用
手电筒
不要让你携
带或推动的
物体挡住你
的视线
消除风险 的5个方法 通常的
原因
滑倒
绊倒
Glider
Snuble
5 MÅDER AT  REDUCERE    
RISIKOEN 
Glide Snuble
for 
VÆLG og BÆR 
ordentligt fodtøj: 
god husholdning: 
et skridt ad gangen 
• Glatte materialer (vand, is, sne,   
 olier, pulvere, granulære faste   
 stoffer)
• Glatte overflader (poleret flise   
 eller sten, glatmalet beton eller  
 metal)
• Uhensigtsmæssigt fodtøj til    
 overfladen   
• Ujævne gangflader
• Uventede eller usynlige trin,    
 platforme eller tærskler  
• Rynkede tæpper eller løse     
 tæpper eller måtter
• Forhindringer såsom en åben   
 bundfilskabsskuffe 
• Eksponerede eller løse kabler,   
 ledninger eller ledninger
• Rod på gulvet eller trappen  
PRAKSISER
RENS straks 
alle spild og 
affald op
MÆRK eller 
IDENTIFICER 
spild og våde 
områder 
HOLD 
gangarealerne fri 
for rod og andre 
forhindringer
LUK  
filskabe og 
opbevaringsskuffer 
straks 
SÆT dit fodtøj i 
overensstemmelse  
med alle farerne ved  
dit arbejde
OPBEHOLD 
skoene i god 
stand, rene og fri 
for forurenende 
stoffer
AFDÆK eller 
TAPET ledninger 
og kabler ned 
med tape 
FOREBYGGELSE
AF FALD*
SNUBLE og  GLIDE
FOR AT FOREBYGGE FALD: 
• BRUG passende, skridsikre    
 gulvbelægningsmaterialer 
• SØRG for passende belysning 
På verdensplan skyldes 
25-30 % af alle skader 
på grund af Glide og 
snubleulykker årligt 
LAD IKKE  
objekter, du 
bærer eller 
skubber, 
blokere dit 
udsyn
BRUG en 
lommelygte,  
hvis du 
kommer ind  
i et mørkt rum
USE installerede 
lyskilder,  
der giver 
tilstrækkeligt  
lys til dine 
opgaver 
HOLD 
gangområder 
fri for rod eller 
forhindringer  
JUSTER dit 
skridt, så det 
passer til 
gangfladen  
og opgaven 
LAV brede 
sving i  
hjørner 
SÆT farten 
ned og vær 
opmærksom 
på, hvor du 
skal hen
PLACER 
hver fod 
fast og 
fladt på 
gulvet
GÅ med 
fødderne 
pegende  
lidt udad 
HOLD  
gulve i god 
stand
ALMINDELIGE 
ÅRSAGER
*Fald, der sker på samme niveau 
Ca. 33 % af vores 
skader skyldes 
et Glide eller 
snuble
fra
 
الانزلاق و التعثر
المقصود من السقوط فى هذه الحالة هو السقوط فى نفس المستوى من الأرض و ليس السقوط من ارتفاع*
   من اصابات العمل التى تحدث  
 سنوياً على مستوى العالم ناتجة عن 
حوادث التعثر و الانزلاق
30-25
 التى تحدث فى الشركات التابعة 
 لسمنتير على مستوى العالم ناتجة
 عن حوادث التعثر و الانزلاق
 تطبيق اجراءات النظافة
و ترتيب مكان العمل
لمنع السقوط
 استخدم مواد مناسبة للأرضيات مانعة
للانزلاق
توفير الإضاءة المناسبة
:
 نظف جميع
 الانسكابات والأوساخ
على الفور
 ضع علامة أو حدد
 أماكن الانسكابات
والمناطق المبتلة
 حافظ على الممرات
 خالية من الفوضى و أى
معوقات للحركة 
 أغلق خزائن الملفات
 وأدراج التخزين على
الفور
 أختار الحذاء المناسب
 لحمايتك من جميع
 المخاطر التى تواجهك
أثناء عملك
 حافظ على حذائك
 في حالة جيدة
 ونظيفة وخالية من
الأوساخ
 قم بتغطية أو ربط
الأسلاك و الكابلات
 تمهل وانتبه إلى أين
أنت ذاهب
 حافظ على
 مناطق المشي
 مرتبة و خالية
من العوائق
 ضع كل قدم أثناء
 الحركة بثبات 
وأستواء على الأرض
 حافظ على
 الأرضيات في
حالة جيدة
 اضبط خطواتك
 لتكون مناسبة
 للسطح الذى تمشى
 عليه و لطبيعة
 العمل الذى تؤديه
 استخدم مصادر
 الإضاءة المثبتة التي
 توفر إضاءة كافية
لمهام عملك
 اجعل اتجاه
 قدميك إلى الخارج
قليلاً أثناء الحركة 
 استخدم مصباحًا
 يدويًا إذا دخلت
 مكان مظلم لا
 يوجد به إضاءة
ثابتة
 أجعل زاوية حركتك 
 واسعة عند
المنعطفات
 طرق للحد من  
 
 الأسباب الشائعة
 للتعثر و الانزلاق
التعثرالانزلاق 
5
 لا تدع الأشياء التي
 تحملها أو تحركها 
تحجب رؤيتك
الانزلاق
التعثر
 المواد الزلقة )ماء ، جليد ، ثلج ،
زيوت ، مساحيق ، حبيبات صلبة(
أسطح السير غير المستوية
 درجات أو مشايات أو عتبات غير
 متوقعة أو غير ظاهرة
 السجاد المتجعد أو البسط السائبة أو
الحصير غير المشدود
 العوائق مثل درج خزانة الملفات
السفلي المفتوح
 الكابلات أو الأسلاك المكشوفة أو الغير
مثبتة
فوضى على الأرض أو السلالم
 الأسطح الزلقة )بلاط أو حجر مصقول
، خرسانة مصقولة أو معدنية(
أحذية غير مناسبة للسطح
   
 مخاطر التعثر و
الانزلاق
 من اصابات العملحوالي33
خطوة فى الوقت المناسب
*بسببمنعالسقوط 
 اختر وارتدى
:الأحذية المناسبة
LTI FR Employees
LTI FR All Workers
LTI FR Contractors/Subcontractors on site
2020 2021 2022
11.0
6.0
9.0
9.9
5.2
8.0
4.2 4.24.2
2023
2.9
4.13.5
LOST TIME INJURY FREQUENCY RATE (LTI FR) 
(number of injuries with working days of absence/hours worked) x 1,000,000

Page 162:
Cement plant in Izmir, Turkiye
160
HEALTH AND SAFETY - SIX  PILLARS OF ACTION    
Our roadmap to strengthen safety culture is based on six pillars of action where interdependent approaches by workers 
is a key expectation. 
To be effective in the implementation of our “Zero accident strategy” the main attitude required, starting with our 
managers, is leadership to be felt through visible and exemplary behaviors, proactive commitment and indeed the 
involvement of workers viewed as a team. 
LEADERSHIP IN PRACTICE 
• Managers Safety Walk&Talk program focused 
on behaviors (trust-based culture) 
• Managers participation in incident 
investigations 
• Training program on “Concrete Leadership” 
• Safety Leading Targets
COMMITMENT & RESPONSIBILITY 
• Interdependent approach to safety starting 
from induction phase 
• Proactive contribution of all workers 
• Positive reinforcements (e.g., Valuable Safety 
Behaviors) 
• Procedures effectiveness and discipline in 
practice
COMPETENCE & AWARENESS 
• Safety training on both technical skills and 
personal attitudes 
• Training matrix including all workers and jobs 
• Periodic reporting campaigns on 
incident/unsafe situations 
• Safety attitude as evaluation factor of the 
individual performance
CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT 
• Learning from events through Root Cause Analysis 
• Systemic implementation and reviewing of 
standards and best practices (H&S community) 
• Monitoring of both lagging and leading KPIs and 
auditing (including contractors) 
• Valuable Safety Behaviors
RISK MANAGEMENT 
• Identify hazards in all conditions (routine and 
non-routine, complex, emergency) 
• No work prior to proper risk assessment and 
authorization (Permit to Work Process) 
• Training program on “Job Safety Assessment” 
• Timely implementation of preventive and 
corrective actions identified
Leadership  
in Practice
Continuos 
Improvement
Risk 
Management
Commitment 
&  
Responsability
Competence  
& Awareness
Involvement  
& Participation
INVOLVEMENT & PARTICIPATION 
• Regular Committees and operational meetings 
• Periodic toolboxes at department/shift level on 
the main risk factors 
• Participation in the preparation of safety 
operating procedures 
• Participation in incident investigations and 
results dissemination (e.g., Safety Alert)

Page 163:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
161
The Group Management Team (GMT)30 - formed by Corporate and regional representatives - ensures adequate 
monthly monitoring of performance and progress of action plans put in place by each operating company to ensure 
constant and homogeneous improvement. The Corporate Health, Safety & Environment Function supports the Group 
Management Team in performance analysis and evaluations and proposes changes to Group policies. 
The Corporate Health, Safety & Environment Function is in charge of the definition of guidelines, rules and standards 
at Group level and of supervising the ongoing implementation, management, and communication of the same. It 
coordinates local H&S managers functionally and provides advice to Regional senior management on the 
implementation of policies and procedures including the identification of improvement opportunities in operating 
activities. The Group Guidelines, Rules, and Standards on Health and Safety Management - which are periodically 
updated - indicate the expected requirements, according to recognized best practices in the industry. The guidelines 
are focused on the ISO 45001 systemic approach. 
The global interconnected Health and Safety Network, coordinated by the Corporate Health, Safety & Environment 
Function as a technical area, supports all organizations in sharing competences, good practices and initiatives. The 
Network consists of all Health & Safety managers/coordinators at site/business level which support the line 
management technically in the implementation of management systems at local level (e.g. risk factors identification 
and assessment, safety operating procedures, operational standards and controls, incident investigations, 
inspections, etc.). The Network deliverables are constantly disseminated to all workers through local Health & Safety 
(e.g. safety alerts, common rules and standards, valuable safety behaviors, etc.). During 2023 the Network met 11 
times, the same as in 2022. 
Site/Business 
Line  
Management
Site/Business 
H&S  
Committee
30 The GMT, composed of the Group COO, CFO, Sales Officer, Procurement Officer, Technical Coordinator Officer, Information Techno logy 
Officer, HR Officer and Head of Regions, supports the Group CEO’s decisions on relevant topics, defines operating guidelines an d plays a 
vital role in ensuring that sustainability efforts are aligned with economic and business objectives.
Group H&S 
Management
Corporate 
HSE
Region H&S  
Review
Site/Business 
H&S
Region H&S 
Management
Site/Business 
H&S 
Management
Group 
Management 
Team
HEALTH AND SAFETY - GOVERNANCE
H&S Network


Page 164:
162
Every site/business in each Region has appointed its own H&S Committee chaired by the relevant senior manager 
(e.g. plant manager) with the participation of line managers, H&S manager and workers representatives. Additional 
monitoring and control governance tools are provided at the operating department level.      
A set of common leading indicators are set across the Group. The monitoring of action plans and the measurement 
of their effectiveness, through these indicators, is allowing better understanding of links between “Zero accident 
strategy” implementation and results. 
In 2023, the Health and Safety Balanced Scorecard tool - developed by the Corporate Health, Safety & Environment 
Function - was evaluated for three cement plants. This tool is meant to verify the management levels achieved 
considering the objectives set and the Group minimum requirements measured by lagging and leading indicators. 
In 2024 we plan to extend this evaluation process to ready-mix concrete business. 
Specific Health and Safety targets are considered in short-term remuneration for representatives and managers 
based on risk level of the different business (see the paragraph ‘Remuneration strategy’ for further details). 
 
 
HEALTH AND SAFETY - COMPETENCE AND AWARENESS    
Competence of workers in health and safety includes the knowledge and skills needed to appropriately 
identify hazards and deal with the risks associated with their w ork and workplace. Over the years we have 
strengthened our commitment to impro ving workers' awar eness and competences with a systemic and 
interdependent approach. In 2023, total specific health and safety training hours was 33,645 hours, an 
increase of 49% compared to 2022 mainly on behavioral aspects.  
 
  
2020
12,424
2021 2022
15,615
22,200
2023
33,645
SPECIFIC HEALTH & SAFETY TRAINING 
(hours)

Page 165:
163
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Fire, Continuous training on emergency preparedness and response 
We identify potential emergency cases and assess health and 
safety risks associated with such events to define a response 
plan at site level. We also classify the different scenarios 
considering the potential developments of the emergency itself. 
The skills and competencies of internal staff involved are also 
evaluated. Emergency and evacuation simulations are conducted 
annually to verify the effectiveness of responses. 
The main emergency situations are explosions and fires. 
Emergency teams are regularly trained on such scenarios and 
how to manage them (e.g., the use of fire-fighting systems and equipment). 
Sinai White Cement partners with Ministry of Health in Egypt to enhance emergency response for 
employees and community 
Sinai White Cement, the Egyptian subsidiary, in a collaborative effort to 
prioritize the health and well-being of employees and the surrounding 
community, formed a partnership with the Ministry of Health in Egypt to 
establish a permanent ambulance station located directly on the company's 
plant in the industrial area in Al Arish City-North Sinai Governorate. This 
ensures faster and more efficient emergency response for both employees and 
residents, considering that the nearest hospital is almost 60 km from the site. 
The safety and well-being of our employees and the community are our top 
priorities. By partnering with the Ministry of Health, we are taking a proactive 
step to strengthen emergency response capabilities and provide immediate 
medical attention in the event of an accident or health emergency.  
The permanent ambulance station is available 24/7 and is fully equipped with essential medical supplies 
and staffed by qualified medical personnel. This initiative aims to significantly reduce response times for 
emergencies within the plant and provide critical support to the local community, particularly for those 
residing in areas with limited access to healthcare facilities. 
This initiative further strengthens the company's commitment towards local communities. 
 
 
 
Driving safety, Attitude in managing blind spots 
Our goal is to influence the safety attitudes of our truck drivers, involving them in risk 
identification, rules, practices, and behaviors to follow for safe driving. During our 
continuous educational and training on driving safety, the main topic is driver proactivity 
with respect to the behavior of other road users and driving situations. In addition to 
management of the truck's safety devices, we focus on behaviors in the case of blind spots, 
one of the main important risk factors in the vehicle-human interface on the road. 
We also stimulate truck drivers and road users themselves through appropriate 
communication labels (in different languages considering the countries where we operate) 
and tools to increase their attention. 

Page 166:
164
GROUP PEOPLE SURVEY 
 
The Cementir Group’s HR strategy, which serves as an enabler of our Group’s Business Strategy, is focused 
on three main pillars: Group Integration and Identity, Organisational Effectiveness and Agility, and People 
Development and Engagement.  
In line with the Group HR strategy, in November 2022, the Cementir Group 
launched its second Global People Survey, ‘Your Voice’. Mirroring the survey 
performed in 2019, it involved all Cementir employees, with an overall participation 
rate of 88% (+5% vs 2019 result) and a general Employee Satisfaction Percentage 
of 65% (+3% vs 2019 result).  
After the results were shared across the Group, specific action plans were launched at both local and Group 
level. 
Taking into consideration the main feedback provided by employees, Cementir has defined main actions to be 
carried out with different priority levels, with the aim of fostering a positive and productive work environment, 
where employees can communicate effectively, learn new skills, and feel valued and appreciated.  
The Group Action Plan has been defined, approved, implemented and monitored by the Group Senior 
Management Team31 with periodical updates to all employees. 
Different areas for improvement have been identified:  
• Communication & Collaboration: this involves improving relations within and among departments, as well 
as relations within the Group, establishing clear and new communication channels for employees;  
• People Growth : this focuses on enhancing and developing employees’ skills through the creation of 
learning and development opportunities; 
• Respect & Recognition: this aims to celebrate the achievements and milestones reached, and to promote 
welfare and well-being across the organization with specific actions related to local needs; 
• Efficiency & innovation: this seeks to boost process improvement strategies and promote the digitalization 
across the different departments. 
During 2023 the entire organization worked on the implementation of the above-mentioned plan, a list of 
concrete initiatives that includes: 
• New Intranet launch: the Group Intranet has been restructured, re-designed and enriched to introduce a 
new user-friendly interface and simplify the contents and navigation pane. The new Intranet also includes 
new local pages for all the regions that previously didn’t have a local Intranet page to communicate with 
employees; 
• LinkedIn Learning : continuous learning opportunities have been expanded through the new LinkedIn 
Learning platform which provides our employees access to countless courses to improve and increase 
their skills in different fields; 
• Digitalization roadmap: specific actions in each department, with a preliminary focus on HR departments, 
have been implemented to promote work efficiency and flexibility through the use of digital solutions (e.g. 
digitalization of internal signing process, monthly reporting automation, etc.). 
Specific actions related to local environments as well as all the actions related to “Respect and Recognition” 
area have been managed at local level in accordance with the specific needs and regulations.
31 The Group Senior Management Team is the first line reporting of: 
• Group CEO/COO 
• Group Chief Professional family 
• Head of Region/ BU Managing director. 
It includes the level N-1 and N-2 in the organization without taking into account the assistant roles and the non-core businesses activities 
(e.g. Waste). 

Page 167:
165
2
Among the various initiatives, after a four-year gap, the Group organized the Cementir Holding Annual Meeting 
2023, “One Team, Evolving Together”, in Rome. This event brought together executives and representatives 
from all Regions. 
The two-day meeting was filled with inspiring panels and discussions aimed at deepening the key pillars of 
our strategic posture to further enhance our results.  
During the meeting, various topics were analysed:  
• Sustainability: in the “WE INNOVATE” panel, the Group’s sustainability road-map and the goal towards 
the improvement for the 2030 objectives and the net zero carbon emissions for 2050 were presented; 
• Health & Safety: in the “WE PREVENT” panel, the Group’s commitment to a zero-accident strategy were 
shared, as well as best practices and initiatives implemented across our Regions; 
• Process improvement: in the “WE ADVANCE” panel, the Group digitalization strategy for the near future 
in order to achieve process harmonization and boost automation, was proposed; 
• Innovation and Artificial Intelligence: in the “WE DISCOVER” panel, various artificial intelligence features 
and their applications in the industry were introduced; 
• Communication and Culture: in the “WE TEAM UP” panel, the Group strategies to improve communication 
and collaboration across departments and Regions/BUs were defined taking into account the input from 
the 2022 Group People Survey.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
ACTION PLAN: from Global to local Global Action Plan 
Sponsored and followed by CEO/COO/GMT
Regional / BU Action Plan 
Sponsored and followed by Head of 
Region/MDs and local management team
Specific Function Action Plan 
Sponsored and followed by Local Management 
Local Activities 
Detailed plan of activities
Cementir Holding Annual Meeting 2023 

Page 168:
166
 
 
TALENT REVIEW AND SUCCESSION PLANS  
FOR KEY POSITIONS WITHIN THE GROUP     
In 2023, a Group talent review was conducted with the aim of obtaining an overview of performance trends 
and assessing potential readiness for advancement into higher or more complex roles. This process enabled 
us to identify key individuals for retention through development plans and to pinpoint key roles that need to be 
filled by a roster of potential successors in the short, medium, and long term, thereby ensuring business 
continuity. 
Work on the Group succession planning process for critical positions continued to build a strong leadership 
bench. The list of critical positions has been reviewed and expanded in line with the Industrial Plan and the 
main strategic goals. Further analysis of the results obtained by mapping internal successors highlighted the 
improvement of some KPIs, mitigating the potential risk of business discontinuity. This led to some personnel 
development decisions, such as Group development programmes, changes in management and international 
mobility programmes). 
 
 
TALENT ACQUISITION  
 
Following the Group approval policy that provides better clarification of roles and responsibilities, we ensure 
effective stakeholder management and we enable local accountability for each recruiting process. 
The use of online assessment tools and structured interview processes, coupled with the consolidation of a 
strong partnership between corporate and local HR, enables the company to achieve expected targets in terms 
of hiring quality and employee engagement. 
Employee Experience Team  
In 2022 the Employee Experience Team was formed in Türkiye with the purpose of involving employees in the 
decision-making process. Their involvement is aimed at increasing employees’ engagement and motivation. 
The team, with the coordination of an HR member, is composed of approximately 20 employees from different 
departments that volunteered to join.  
The Employee Experience Team meets regularly on a monthly basis to discuss different topics, from the proposal 
of activities to improve the well-being of employees, involvement in social responsibility projects that also 
affects the local community and the organization of employee meetings to stimulate discussion and meetings. 
The team aims to focus on the most important points that can positively impact employee engagement and 
motivation. They then submit these ideas to the management team that, if it finds them interesting, approves 
and implements them.  
In 2023 they organized a basketball tournament with the participation of employees from various departments 
and they organized the participation of two team in Dragon Festival (corporate rowing racing). 


Page 169:
PEOPLE EVALUATION AND DEVELOPMENT  
 
In 2023, the Group re-launched the Annual Group Performance Management process 
that involves all executives, managers and white-collar employees that were hired within 
the first half of the year. Employees hired in the second part of the year, will be involved 
in the process starting from the following year. 
This approach enables Cementir to monitor and align employees’ objectives, 
competencies and development plans with the Group’s strategic objectives.  
The Performance Management Process will support the development of a new 
perspective on performance evaluation. It is not only a tool for aligning people with 
business strategy but also a process that can stimulate constant development of 
organisational skills and competencies among people.  
 
 
 
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
98%
100%Executives
Manager
White Collars
Blue collars
92%
46%
EMPLOYEES WHO RECEIVE REGULAR PERFORMANCE REVIEWS
The Group re-launched the 
Annual Group Performance 
Management process that 
involves all executives, 
managers and white-collar 
employees
Excavator at quarry operation

Page 170:
168
 
REMUNERATION STRATEGY 
 
Cementir adopts a competitive remuneration system which guarantees a balance between corporate strategic 
objectives and recognition of the merits of Group employees. By using variable short and medium/long term 
remuneration components, the Policy is designed to align staff interests with the pursuit of the priority objective 
- value creation - and the achievement of financial and sustainability objectives. 
This objective is also pursued by linking a significant portion of remuneration to the achievement of defined 
performance targets, by means of both the short-term incentive scheme (STI) and the long-term incentive 
scheme (LTI).  
In 2023, within the STI Program, which is fully integrated in the Performance management process, the Group 
continued to enhance the ESG objectives at all levels of the organization. The ESG objectives are included in 
the STI Program of all executives and middle management of the Group. 
Particular attention was directed to the issues of CO2 emissions reduction, Green CapEx and Occupational H&S. 
Nevertheless, there are also objectives related to biodiversity, ISO certification, circularity, clinker factor 
reduction, human capital and development and water consumption as represented in the following table. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The remuneration of the whole C-level is strictly linked to ESG topics. Occupational Health & Safety target and 
CO2 emissions reduction target are included in the STI program of all C-level employees. Specifically, these KPIs 
account for 15% - 20% of their remuneration. Therefore, ESG related issues have a consistent and specific weight 
in determining the variable remuneration of senior executives.  
The LTI Plan consists of three three-year cycles, each providing for the payment of an incentive subject to the 
achievement of performance targets at the end of the performance period. This plan ensures the long-term 
retention of a selected group of Group managers in strategic positions. 
The Plan proposed the following objectives: 
• allow beneficiaries to focus on medium/long-term objectives in order to create sustainable value over time in 
line with the Company's strategic objectives; 
• act as a tool for retaining beneficiaries; 
• align compensation packages with market practices. 
 
Main ESG objectives 
TRANSPARENCY
COMMUNITIES HUMAN RIGHTS
CLINKER FACTOR
CIRCULARITY
HUMAN RESOURCESISO CERTIFICATIONWATER CONSUMPTION
CO2 REDUCTION GREEN CAPEX OHS
BIODIVERSITY


Page 171:
169
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Type of benefits                                                                                                                  Total eligible employees 
                                                                                                                                                (Employees eligible/ 
                                                                                                                                                Total n. of Employees) 
INSURANCE                                                                                                                                                     100% 
(e.g. health insurance, life insurance, injury insurance)                                                                     
 
PENSION FUND                                                                                                                                              91% 
(e.g. private pension fund)                                                                                                                      
 
HOUSE ALLOWANCE                                                                                                                                     12% 
(benefit that is given to employee, on a regular basis,  
in order to help him/her pay for the house)                                                                                          
 
FUEL SUPPORT/ALLOWANCE                                                                                                                    4% 
(benefit that is given to employee, on a regular basis, in order to help him/her  
pay for the fuel/reimbursement of fuel expenses sustained by employee) 
 
MEAL & CANTEEN                                                                                                                                         89% 
(benefit that is given to employee, on a regular basis, 
in order to help him/her pay for the meal/ canteen service given to the employee)                        
 
COMPANY CAR                                                                                                                                                7% 
(company car given to the employee) 
 
WELFARE                                                                                                                                                         34% 
(broad range of benefits and services offered to employees, e.g. prepaid vouchers  
for purchasing different from food) 
 
Other benefit                                                                                                                                                   41% 
(Other benefit given to employee for specific reasons (e.g. birthday, climate conditions))
NON-COMPENSATION BENEFIT   
The Group provides several packages of non-compensation benefits aimed at boosting employee engagement, 
improving employee retention, attracting top talent in the market, and increasing job satisfaction. These 
benefits are designed to enhance employees’ lives both inside and outside of work. They are a crucial part of 
Cementir’s commitment to creating a supportive and rewarding work environment. 
Different packages are provided depending on the particularities of each country where the Group operates, 
taking into account different local customs, social needs, and legal requirements. 
In the table below, the non-compensation benefits have been grouped by type, and the total number of 
employees eligible for these benefits in 2023 has been reported.

Page 172:
170
CEMENTIR ACADEMY   
The Cementir Academy continued its extended mission to support Cementir’s strategy and business results, to 
develop current and future global leaders, to accelerate Group transformation and to foster diversity and inclusion 
across the Group. As anticipated in previous years, since last year we have been able to resume face to face training 
activities that were stopped due to the spread of COVID-19. 
We designed and delivered key training and development initiatives which include:  
• LinkedIn Learning. Launched at global level according to the Global People Survey action plan, this new 
platform offers to all white collars a variety of courses on business, technology and soft skills. Employees can 
choose to enrol in any course that interests them, without any obligation or requirement and, at least on a 
quarterly base, Group and local HR team provide a list of suggested courses based on the training needs 
identified during the Performance Process. The courses are delivered in seven different languages and cover 
more than 16.000 topics.  
• New online courses. We launched some new online courses in Cementir’s Academy catalogue, such as 
Cybersecurity minipills and Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. 
• The Graduate program. This is a global initiative dedicated to new engineering 
graduates, with the aim of selecting, training and growing eight young talents to 
build our future leaders. Three different countries (Denmark, Türkiye and Belgium), 
coordinated by Group HR, were involved in the second edition that was redesigned 
according to feedback received last year and with the aim of continuous 
improvement. The program, entirely designed and developed by internal resources is ongoing and will end up 
in September 2024 with the assignment of the participants to a technical role to start their professional career 
path. So far about 60 internal trainers/tutors have been involved with more than 430 training hours including 
on the job training and project work assignments. 
• The Emerging Talent program. This is the key programme for developing the leadership and managerial 
skills of our internal talents. The three modules have been delivered to a pool of 35 participants coming from 
all over the Group with a good satisfaction score from them and the main stakeholders involved. The first and 
second modules took place in 2022 and the third one in 2023. In September 2023, a follow up event took place 
in order to keep in touch with our talent pool and discuss the results and their career development; 
• The celebration of World Day for Safety and Health at Work as an opportunity to focus on our Golden Rules 
of Safety through specific initiatives such as team simulations, safety walk & talks and training sessions. In 
2023, the key topic of the day was the ‘prevention of slips trips and falls” (further information available at 
Health and safety - Progress in 2023). 
Employee development is also supported through internal and external local training courses, accompanied by a 
series of other initiatives such as participation in work projects involving multiple departments and, in some cases, 
work experience abroad. 
Regarding online training of Cementir’s Academy catalogue all group employees, except for blue collars, are 
required to attend certain courses when they join, as listed in the next page. 


Page 173:
• Code of Ethics 
• Cybersecurity 
• Cybersecurity - Deepfake 
• Cybersecurity - Ransomware 
• Cybersecurity - Spear Phishing 
• Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 
• Fraud Management & Whistleblowing System 
• GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) 
• Human Rights 
• Leadership model 
• Performance Management 
• Privileged Information
Mandatory online training  
for newly hired employees
171
At the same time, to ensure the highest level of inclusion and accessibility, courses are mostly delivered in 
the local language, or if not yet possible in English. In some cases, those courses have also been extended to 
blue collar employees, with the possibility of multiple attendance.  
More than 80,000 hours of training were provided in 2023, 25.9 hours per member of staff. The measures put 
in place involved the entire Group workforce in a cross-functional and balanced way covering various roles, as 
can be seen from the summary table of training hours by professional category. 
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Cementir Holding Annual Meeting

Page 174:
172
The hours of training provided fall into various categories, ranging from Code of Ethics training to Health & 
Safety training, to further specific training such as environmental or cybersecurity training. 
68,510
2022
80,268
20232021
37,963
TOTAL HOURS OF TRAINING 
(hours)
HOURS OF TRAINING BY PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY
HOURS OF TRAINING PER CATEGORY 
(hours)
White collars
33%
80,268
Total Hours 
of training
Blue collars
54%
Manager
12%
Executives
1%
Health & Safety
33,645
Technical and Functional
25,353
Other
5,158
Cultural and Corporate
4,608
Management Edu & Leadership Development
11,504
80,268
Total Hours 
of training
Training category                                                                       Description
Health & Safety                                                                          Training on Health and Safety topics for workers. 
 
 
Technical and Functional                                                     Functional and technical training to upskill Group professional 
                                                                                                families and sub-communities (e.g. environmental training). 
 
Management Edu &                                                              Specific initiative aimed at leadership or management  
Leadership Development                                                     skills development, managed at Global or Local level.  
                                                                                                For example, the Emerging Talent programme. 
 
Cultural and Corporate                                                        Training on Code of Ethics, Whistleblowing System, GDPR 
                                                                                                (General Data Protection Regulation), Human Rights, 
                                                                                                Cybersecurity, Performance Management process. 
 
Other                                                                                       Other type of training, such as language courses. 

Page 175:
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION    
The production sector, where the Group is active, is historically characterised by a 
predominantly male workforce. Analysis of 2023 data on personnel distribution shows 
that 87% of employees are male. This is widely linked to a high prevalence of men 
amongst blue collar employees (the main category of staff). 
The Group continues to promote equal gender treatment and opportunities throughout 
the entire organisation, starting by defining Group values and a leadership competency 
model in which the concepts of inclusion and diversity appreciation are well represented. 
With this purpose the Group Diversity, Equity and Inclusion policy , published in 
November 2022, establishes some guidelines in the Cementir Group that promote a 
culture of respect for diversity, work equality, non-discrimination and the inclusion of 
labour groups in Cementir Holding. Through this, it strives to ensure equality of 
opportunities for group employees. The Group Diversity, Equity and Inclusion policy is 
part of the DEI roadmap, which also includes the definition of a specific action plan 
including the entire population of the Group. 
The commitment of Cementir towards Diversity, Equity and Inclusion matters, is 
demonstrated by setting and proposing new ambitious targets and related key 
achievements, such as:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, the organisation has always been committed to appreciating and valuing diversity in all HR 
processes such as hiring, management, evaluation and development, by avoiding any discriminatory approach, 
starting from the management of recruiting processes and in leadership and talent development programmes. 
The Group Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion policy  
establishes some 
guidelines in the Cementir 
Group that promote a 
culture of respect for 
diversity, work equality,  
non-discrimination and 
the inclusion of labour 
groups in Cementir 
Holding
173
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
Objective                                           Target                                                                                                 2023 Achievement
Diversity in Cementir Holding 
Board of Directors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Diversity in Global Graduate 
program 
 
Diversity in Emerging Talent 
program 
 
Diversity in Senior 
management team32 
Having 1 Additional Board Member of Cementir Holding 
for the less represented gender by the end of 2022 
 
The number of directors of the less represented gender 
shall not decrease below 4 in case of a Board formed of 
up to 9 directors 
 
At least 3 directors of which at least 1 independent 
director younger than the CEO 
 
At least one director has specific expertise in ESG with 
particular focus on social issues 
 
Having at least 25% for the less represented gender 
involved in the program 
 
Having at least 25% for the less represented gender 
involved in the program 
 
Less represented gender is at 19% (May 2022) and we 
target to increase by 1% by the end of 2023
1 additional member from  
April 2022 
 
50% from April 2023  
 
 
 
5 directors of which 1 
independent director 
 
1 member from April 2022 
 
 
38% in 2023 edition 
 
 
29% (result already 
achieved in 2022) 
 
21% at 31 Dec 2023
32 The senior management team is: 
• Group COO 
• Group Chief of each Professional Family 
• Head of Region/BU Managing Director of the local subsidiaries 
• Their first direct reports  
In this category are not included the Group CEO (Cementir Holding Board of Director member), the assistant roles and the positions related 
to non-core business activities (e.g. Waste, precast, ...).    
The calculation is according to the Dutch DE&I reporting system (SER). 

Page 176:
Shown below are the number of women, recorded in 2023, at different levels of responsibility. 
Cementir is committed to supporting its employees in their parenthood journey. As of the end of 2023, all 
women working in the Group were entitled to take leave from their job due to the birth of a child, helping them 
balance their career with their growing family responsibilities. The Appendix contains additional information 
about the total number of employees that were entitled to parental leave; the total number of employees that 
took parental leave and the total number of employees that returned to work in the reporting period after 
parental leave ended.
58 Number of women in all management or 
executive positions 
 
24 Number of women in management 
positions in revenue-generating functions 
(e.g. sales) 
 
76 Number of women in STEM-related 
positions
402 
Number of women in 
the entire workforce
Definitions
Revenue-generating functions: Refers to line management roles in departments such as sales, or that contribute 
directly to the output of products or services. It excludes support functions such as HR, IT, Legal. May also be referred to 
as roles that have P&L responsibility. 
 
STEM: Science, technology, engineering and mathematics. STEM workers use their knowledge of science, technology, 
engineering or mathematics in their daily responsibilities. To be classified as a STEM employee, the employee should 
have a STEM-related qualification and make use of these skills in their operational position. Positions include, but are not 
limited to: computer programmer, web developer, statistician, logistician, engineer, physicist, and scientist.
Belgium: Les P’tits Soleil 
The Belgian subsidiary of the Group, CCB, recognizes the importance of parenthood and is aware of the difficulties 
in accessing nursery school and has thus established a partnership with a local school.  
CCB annually funds the school, financing both the school itself and the canteen service. This practice means 
children of the Belgian employees to have access to it.  
Lighthouse Aarhus, Denmark
174

Page 177:
GENDER PAY GAP 
 
In 2023 the Group confirmed its commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion collecting data to carry out a 
preliminary analysis on the Gender Pay Gap. 
The analysis was conducted through a pilot study in Türkiye considering all manager and white-collar 
employees (excluding the Senior Management Team). The operations in Türkiye account for 25% of total 
employees in the Group. The objective was to analyze the differences between men and women in terms of 
the Basic Annual Wage. 
The HR department has conducted a preliminary benchmark on the Cement Industry to verify the available 
information and activities about this topic and to confirm the methodology used by looking at other industries. 
In relation to the methodology, the pilot study was conducted according to the international best practices, 
analyzing the data by average and median values by gender. The analysis was carried out by considering the 
average wage for men and the average wage for women and calculating the percentage difference 
(male/female). The same approach was used for the median. 
Related to the outcome of the analysis, it is important to note some conditions related to the Cement industry 
that affect the high-level analysis: 
• There are more men than women (16% women vs men in the Turkish pilot); 
• Women are under-represented in the business department compared to staff department (11% vs 30%). 
The mean gender pay gap across the Turkish operation is 30%, while the median pay gap is 40%. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Considering the abovementioned conditions of the Cement industry, the HR department has conducted a 
deeper analysis by role showing that men and women are paid the same salary for equivalent levels of work 
when the presence of the less represented gender is statistically significant. Below the Gender pay gap results 
limited to employee working in technical and finance department.
175
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
MEAN 
30%
Technical
Sub-Department/Role
Quality
% women vs men Results
Finance
MEDIAN 
40%
25% MEAN 
5%
MEDIAN 
8%
Accounting 60% MEAN 
-2%
MEDIAN 
-3%
Planning, Budgeting  
& Control 67% MEAN 
2%
MEDIAN 
2%

Page 178:
176
For 2024 the Group is considering extending the analysis to other countries consolidating the approach by 
taking into consideration also the new guidelines related to the CSRD requirement. 
The Cementir Group operates internationally and for us managing diversity also means paying attention to 
cultural and religious differences. The Group is respectful towards religious sensibilities in the various 
countries: in Malaysia, for example, special prayer rooms have been set up in the plant, according to the 
differing religious beliefs of employees. Moreover, consumption of certain foods has been avoided out of respect 
for cultural differences.  
The fundamental conventions of the International Labour Organization (ILO), concerning the abolition of forced 
labour, collective bargaining and the elimination of child labour and discrimination have been ratified33 in most 
of the countries where the Group operates. In those countries where they have not been ratified, the Group 
has defined clear policies relating to these agreements in the Code of Ethics, which states: ‘The Group offers 
the same opportunities to all workers and expressly forbids any form of abuse by those in positions of authority or 
coordination. Abuse means any behaviour that results in requesting, or persuading to offer , services, personal 
favours, or other benefits detrimental to the dignity, professionalism or independence of others. All recipients of 
this Code, defined by national and international legislations, are required to refrain from engaging in illicit behaviour 
that is harmful to an individual, such as, but not limited to, offences against the individual, child labour , people 
trafficking and child pornography’. 
In addition, our Group Human Rights Policy has been published in order to raise awareness of these important 
topics among our employees and our suppliers and a structured audit process on human rights (as explained 
in the paragraph ‘Human Rights audits performed in 2023 ’) has been regularly carried out in each country. 
Cementir has also worked on the training plan to support the dissemination of these topics by launching specific 
training (mandatory and non-mandatory) on DE&I in 2023 leveraging the various digital tools.
33 Freedom of Association and Protection of the Right to Organise Convention, 1948 (No.87); Right to Organise and Collective Barg aining 
Convention, 1949 (No. 98); Forced Labour Convention, 1930 (No. 29); Abolition of Forced Labour Convention, 1957 (No. 105); Minimum Age 
Convention, 1973 (No, 138); Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention, 1999 (No. 182); Equal Remuneration Convention, 1951 (No. 10 0); 
Discrimination (employment and occupation) Convention, 1958 (No. 111).
Happy Workplace 
In 2023 the Turkish subsidiary, Cimentas, won the Happy Workplace certificate.  
The methodology behind this certificate involves a two-step analysis. Companies 
undergo evaluation both internally, with a survey addressed to employees, and on 
their HR governance, with a verification of the company’s adopted practices.  
This certificate is awarded to companies that score above 70, demonstrating 
unparalleled standards for employee happiness within their respective industries.   


Page 179:
WORKFORCE NUMBERS AND COMPOSITION 
 
The Cementir Group workforce comprises 3,086 employees, spread across 18 countries and 5 continents, as 
well as 964 contractors. 
Cementir employs contractors primarily for the execution of operations inside the quarries and packing 
operations inside the cement plants.  
The Group’s workforce is mainly composed of personnel hired with permanent and full-time contracts.  For 
details on employees by gender and by Country, see the Tables on the composition of personnel by country  in 
the Appendix. 
The table below summarises34 the main workforce figures by category as of 31 December 2023. 
 
In 2023, the overall turnover rate decreased to 16%, down from 17% in 2022, but up from 15% in 2021. 
34 The appendix contains detailed tables divided by country. 
35 The number of total employees included 100% of SCT as described into the methodology note. 
Ready-mix plant, Denmark
177
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
                                                                                                                                     
Cementir Group                                                            12/31/2023                                           12/31/2022                                             12/31/2021 
                                                                                   Men       Women           Total                Men       Women           Total                   Men     Women            Total 
Employees                                                           2,684              402         3,08635            2,705             416          3,121                2,723            401           3,124  
Contractors                                                            950                14            964                 741                 7             748                   765                7              772  
 
Executives                                                                36                  4              40                  37                 4               41                     44                4                48 
Manager                                                                 274                54            328                268               60             328                   269              59              328 
White collars                                                          632              292            924                589             296             885                   588            287              875 
Blue collars                                                        1,742                52         1,794             1,811               56          1,867                1,822              51           1,873 
Total                                                                         2,684               402          3,086              2,705              416           3,121                 2,723             401           3,124  

Page 180:
178
An internal analysis was carried out focusing on the reasons for termination and departure. In 2022, the 
increase in the turnover rate was mainly related to the Covid-19 pandemic, during which a decrease in turnover 
rate was registered compared to the previous years. With the lifting of restrictions and the return of the industry 
environment to a more stable condition , the turnover rate has increased.  
At the same time, Cementir also compared its turnover rate with the rate declared by the main competitors. 
The analysis showed that in 2020 and 2021, the turnover rate was in line with the peers. 
Cementir is committed to continuing the analysis on a yearly basis in order to identify the main reasons for 
leaving and consequently possible actions and strategies to mitigate the turnover rate.
2022
17%
2021
15%
2023
16%
OVERALL EMPLOYEE TURNOVER RATE 
School of Architecture in Aarhus, Denmark

Page 181:
Shanghai West Bund Orbit-Aalborg White based GRC facade elemetns produced by Zhuhai Shantai
179
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS 
 
Operating in different countries around the World, the Group’s companies are subject to different labour 
regulations and, consequently, the contracts of Group employees vary according to the country in which they 
were hired. 
Around 61% of employees across the entire Group are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and this 
percentage varies from country to country depending on the applicable local legislation and on the job 
classification categories. Therefore, even the minimum number of weeks of notice that must be given to 
workers for organisational changes varies according to country and professional category (some countries do 
not have any minimum notice periods, while in countries where they do, it can vary according to the type of 
organisation). The employees not covered by collective labour agreement are protected by the application of 
minimum wage salaries and the respective national labour agreement, if present. The external market 
benchmark is also another powerful tool that we use to ensure the alignment of the whole employee 
population.  
The Cementir Group maintains an ongoing, structured dialogue with the representatives of its companies’ 
European workers, in compliance with EU regulations and according to the framework adopted by the Group’s 
European Company Committee (EWC). Throughout the year, management informed and consulted employees 
and trade unions on transnational issues concerning the status of its activities and other significant decisions 
that the Group has taken in relation to the business and its employees. The main topics discussed during the 
two day meeting held in Rome in June 2023 were: 
• Health & Safety roadmap update with a focus on policies and rules applied at group level, communication 
strategy and related performance both for employees and contractors; 
• ESG and Sustainability roadmap overview with a focus on the 2030 and 2050 goals and action plan; 
• Investment and Projects update; 
• 2022 financial results and 2023 first quarter results presentation; 
• Cementorship Program; 
• Training session about New Technologies 
During the meeting, we reached an important milestone related to the four-year renewal of the European 
Worker Council agreement effective from January 2024.

Page 182:
180
The commitment towards the community is a core principle of 
Cementir and directly linked to the company’s purpose to positively 
affecting local communities.  The company is aware that the creation 
of long-lasting value is strictly linked to building sustainable initiatives 
that strength local communities and improve their quality of life and 
well-being.  
For all these reasons Cementir is active on several levels, some well-
established and present for many years (e.g. Çimentaş Education and 
Health Foundation, recovery of heat from kiln fuel), some others 
occasional but crucial for building thriving and inclusive communities 
(e.g. Marche des carrières).   
 
 
RISK ANALYSIS AND  POLICIES ADOPTED 
 
The Cementir Group is continuously improving technical solutions that reduce environmental impact and 
balance the interests of the company with those of local communities. The Group has identified the risk that 
the companies' activities, especially those related to concrete production and waste treatment, may lead to 
critical and/or unfavourable attitudes among local communities and local stakeholders, resulting in a 
deterioration of the Company's image. 
Actions to mitigate this risk, particularly in Türkiye, involve communication at local level, organising community 
meetings with feedback sessions, stakeholder analyses and the definition of a communication plan. 
For this reason, dialogue with the institutions, communities and associations affected by plant operations is 
essential for the continuity and preservation of the business. 
The Company maintains relationships with opinion groups, trade unions and institutions at all levels, and has 
set up communication channels to deal with any claims or complaints from the local community. 
To handle these topics, the Cementir Group has strengthened a specific function in Corporate, managing 
health and safety and environmental matters, that leads and coordinates all the related structures of the 
Group. This becomes even more important where increased urbanisation has brought towns closer to the 
Group’s plants, particularly in Türkiye. For this reason, specific tools have been adopted to map the 
stakeholders that should be involved in defining actions to be implemented and in communicating important 
measures regarding plant operations. These tools also enable our companies to analyse stakeholders’ 
complaints and suggestions, in order to provide the necessary information or plan specifically focused actions. 
We support our communities 
We create value for local communities, listening to their needs and concerns and basing  
our relationships with them on transparency and accountability.
Işıkkent Educational Campus, Türkiye 

Page 183:
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
DIALOGUE AND SUPPORT OF LOCAL COMMUNITIES 
 
Against this backdrop, the most debated topics with local stakeholders in 2023 mainly concerned permits for 
the use of quarries and the introduction of alternative fuels, the streamlining and, where possible, the reduction 
of incoming and outgoing traffic transporting raw materials and fuel 
to the plants, dust lev els and polluting emissions. Regarding 
members of the community, in some cases we focused on organising 
meetings with groups of residents in order to provide them with 
detailed information on the work and operations taking place at the 
Group’s sites. 
The proximity of the Elazığ and İzmir plants, based in Türkiye, to 
residential areas emphasizes the importance of constant dialogue 
with local communities, who are particularly sensitive to the plants’ 
surroundings and visual impact. To tackle these precise concerns, 
Çimentaş is adopting specific strategies of involvement and communication with stakeholders interested in 
the issue, promoting opportunities for dialogue and mutual debate throughout the year. Another issue that is 
particularly felt in Türkiye is the collection and recycling of waste, since there is no in-depth knowledge of 
waste management processes and the local community perceives some activities as risky. Precisely for this 
reason, Group companies operating in this industry have decided to define a specific engagement and 
communication plan aimed at its stakeholders. This plan entails involving opinion leaders, experts and 
members of the community in regular meetings, the use of multimedia channels and digital media to provide 
information on how waste is managed, and meetings and interaction with families living near the plants. 
At the Group’s level, Cementir’s engagement with the community is globally reinforced by projects directly 
related to benefiting the local population and providing support.  
In 2023, the total philanthropic contributions donated by the Group amounted to € 417,000, divided among 
charitable donations, community investments and commercial initiatives.   
The grants by type of initiative are explained in the following tables.
ÇEİS Project Produced By Çimbeton, Türkiye 
Category                                          Description
Charitable donations 
 
 
 
Community investments 
 
 
 
Commercial initiatives
Refers to one-off or occasional support to good causes in response to the needs and 
appeals of charitable and community organisations, requests from employees, or in 
reaction to external events such as emergency relief situations.  
 
Refers to long-term strategic involvement in, and partnership with, community 
organisations to address a range of social issues chosen by the Group (for example, 
periodical grants / donations to local schools). 
 
Refers to business-related activities in the community, usually undertaken by 
commercial departments to directly support the success of the company, promoting its 
corporate and brand identities and other policies, in partnership with charities and 
community-based organisations. 
DONATIONS BY TYPE 
(Total € 417,000)
Charitable donations
83%
Community investment
12%
Commercial initiatives
5%
181

Page 184:
182
As discussion progress, some initiatives undertaken by specific subsidiaries of the Group at the local level are presented. 
In 2023, the Group’s headquarter has decided to co-finance a project of the municipality to contribute towards 
a positive impact on the local community. It financed the purchase of a vehicle equipped for the transport of 
people living with disabilities in wheelchairs.  
In Türkiye, cement companies and waste firms regularly donate food packages to local communities during Ramadan 
(a religious festivity), to renew their tangible efforts towards caring for and providing assistance to the local population.  
Additionally, the cement companies provide free cement to support the needs of villages close to plant locations. 
In 2023, CCB - Compagnie des Ciments Belges  renewed its active involvement in providing support to and 
working closely with local community.  
During the same year, the company opened up its quarries, narrowing the gap between internal and external 
stakeholders and allowing anyone who wishes to have access to visit its quarries.  
The main event, ‘Marche des carrièrs ’ reached unprecedent records of attendance in the 2023 edition with 
more than 2,500 participants. 
Each year, the local school (for children aged 3 to 12 years old), with the support of CCB, organizes a quarry walk 
in Gaurain with various routes (5,10,14 and 20 km). The walk starts and ends in CCB’s car park, passing through 
the CCB plant, quarry and the forest. This allows all participants find our about the company and its biodiversity. 
Around thirty CCB employees willingly choose to participate and contribute their time to a good cause. Employees 
take responsibility for organising the walk and, furthermore, on the day of the event, they remain at the plant to 
supervise for safety purposes and provide explanations about the plant, activities, biodiversity and more.  
In the Asia Pacific region too, the efforts of Cementir’s subsidiaries towards the community are commendable. 
Aalborg Portland China, the Chinese subsidiary, demonstrates a strong commitment to the local community. 
Among the activities consistently performed for their benefit, it's worth mentioning that during traditional 
holidays, some employees visit nursing homes to provide support and companionship to the residents.  
Consistent with its role, Aalborg Portland Malaysia  is strongly committed to supporting local schools and 
young people’s education.  
Among various activities, in 2023 the company also donated to an education fund, established for the families 
of former company employees who have passed away and makes a monthly contribution to a school for the 
intellectually disabled (Sekolah Semangat Maju, Batu Gajah Branch). 
 
 
SOUTH TÜRKIYE EARTHQUAKE  
 
At the beginning of February 2023, a devasting earthquake occurred in Türkiye causing physical and 
psychological damage. This phenomenon marks an indelible wound, which as a Group led us to immediately 
band together around our Turkish colleagues and their families. 
Cementir decided, through its Turkish subsidiary Çimentaş, to immediately act and provide support in multiple 
ways and many employees have offered tangible contributions.  
At the end of February 2023, Çimentaş committed to donating 20 million Turkish Lira36 to provide in kind and/or 
cash donations and aid earthquake victims through institutions and organizations that are legally authorized 
to collect them. 
During 2023, a total of 15 million in donations were disbursed and specifically directed towards: 
• CESVAK Isıkkent School, to cover the school fees and other education expenses of 10 students coming 
from the earthquake areas. 
• Municipalities, for the support of permanent and temporary housing in the earthquake areas. 
• A project in İzmir, to provide some workshops for students coming from earthquake area and their mothers. 
36 That in 2023 corresponded to approximately 1 million euros.

Page 185:
183
2
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
THE FOUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
• The donation, among other things, of: generators, drills, crushers, medical equipment, polar blankets, 
sleeping bags, food packages, tents, heaters and many others. 
• Establishing a collaboration with a well-being company, offering the opportunity for all employees to attend 
a webinar about managing emotions after trauma. Furthermore, some online painting activities were 
organised for employees’ children to give them moral support. 
• Some of Çimentaş’ employees have chosen to act on the front lines, by attending  search and rescue 
operations in the earthquake area, by using some construction equipment in search and rescue operations 
or by taking charge in disaster coordination centre.  
• Organizing a blood donation campaign that was internally supported and encouraged. 
As of January 2024, 5 million Turkish Lira remains available and will be used to continue supporting ongoing 
assistance to earthquake-affected areas in 2024. 
 
 
ÇIMENTAŞ EDUCATION AND HEALTH FOUNDATION  
 
In Türkiye, through the Çimentaş Education and Health 
Foundation, established in 1986, we are committed to 
providing financial assistance and educational materials to 
families and schools. Since it was founded, the Foundation has 
sponsored over 500 scholarships for secondary school pupils 
and university students and has contributed to the renovation 
of various school buildings close to the plant in Elazığ, Türkiye.  
Over the years, in Türkiye, our local Foundation has run various 
educational projects such as the ‘Işıkkent Educational Campus’, 
‘Çimentaş Primary School’ and ‘Çimentaş High School’.  
Please visit the following link for further details: 
https://www.isikkent.k12.tr/en-US. and  Çimentaş Eğitim ve 
Sağlık Vakfı – Çimentaş Eğitim ve Sağlık Vakfı (cesvak.org) 
 
 
RECOVERY OF WASTE HEAT FROM  CEMENT KILNS IN AALBORG   
 
Since 1990, Aalborg Portland has provided district heating to the municipality of Aalborg. 
In order to produce cement, raw materials such as limestone and sand must be burned at temperatures of up to 1500°C. 
Due to this high temperature process, the Aalborg Portland cement factory has enormous supplies of excess heat. 
One of the main sources of waste heat is the flue gas emitted by the white cement kilns. The solution to this 
energy loss was to implement a heat recovery system, in which the flue gasses from the five white kilns of the 
Aalborg plant are used in heat exchanger installations to transfer the thermal energy from the flue gas to 
Aalborg’s district heating network.  
The Aalborg plant recovers excess heat from cement production to provide district heating to the local 
inhabitants. The recovered thermal energy is used to heat the homes of a maximum of 30,000 families. In 
2023, Aalborg Portland delivered approximately 1 million GJ of energy to the municipality of Aalborg.  
The annual CO₂ savings from this heat recovery system have been estimated at 150,000 tons. The calculation 
is based on the amount of CO₂ that is not emitted from the local coal-fired power station because the total 
needs are partially covered by the heat coming from the Aalborg plant.  
In this way, energy that has already been produced during cement production is recycled and delivered to the 
district heating system, so that the energy does not have to be produced twice. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Işıkkent Educational Campus, Türkiye 


Page 186:
Workers at the construction site, Denmark

Page 187:
LOOKING AT THE  
VALUE CREATED3
           186   Cementir’s approach to taxes 
           190   Economic value generated and distributed 
 
                     APPENDIX   
          192   Cementir Data Tables  
          216   GRI Content Index  
          228   Glossary  
          230   Independent Auditor’s Report

Page 188:
CEMENTIR’S APPROACH TO TAXES   
 
The Cementir group adopts a decentralized tax management model with reference to the local tax compliance where 
all the associated companies manage locally their own tax obligations in accordance with the respective regulations.  
Global, complex or extraordinary tax matters are then coordinated centrally, such as transfer pricing policy and 
extraordinary operations, with the support of third-party consultants’ companies.  
Local Chief Financial Officers and Finance Managers have been invited to engage first-class tax consultants to 
enhance the level of competences required by the local operations and to be consistently up to date with the 
evolution of local laws and regulations. 
The Cementir group does not include companies or branches located in so called tax heavens or in any case in 
countries with a reduced direct or indirect taxation and does not adopt aggressive tax planning strategies consisting 
of incorporation of artificial schemes and entities nor tax-driven transactions in order to obtain tax savings and 
advantages. 
As far as commercial transactions are concerned, from a transfer pricing perspective, group’s guidelines were 
introduced in order to comply with various countries requirements. 
Given the internationalization of Cementir group, the global approach to tax is inspired by the guidelines provided 
by OECD and by the application of the Treaties for the avoidance of double taxation, where applicable. 
The Cementir group manages its approach to tax with full transparency and collaborative approach, by complying 
with the local legislation of the various countries in which the Group operates. 
Tax risks may lead to a negative effect on the business goals of the organization and/or to financial or reputational 
damages. 
In this respect, tax risks are in the scope of the Cementir group’s risk management framework. Tax risks 
are then monitored within the group risk management processes and a dedicated set of controls and 
testing instruments are dedicated to local tax compliance matters. 
186
 Çimbeton trucks at a construction site, Türkiye  

Page 189:
Main purpose is to control and limit those risks and to avoid possible situations conflicting with local 
authorities’ interpretation of tax regulations. 
In addition, as already mentioned in the paragraph ‘The Code of Ethics’ a whistlebl owing system has been 
in place since 2013, which can be used to report breaches of the principles and rules set out in the Code 
of Ethics and the policies adopted by the Group, or to report non-compliance with laws and regulations. 
As part of the ‘207-1 Approach to Tax’, the specific and qualified tax knowledge at associated companies’ 
level and the recourse to tier 1 tax consultants, contribute to the proper management of the tax risk within 
the group as well as to the alignment of the tax approach to the requirements of the countries in which 
the group operates.  
The Cementir group maintains relationships with local tax authorities with respect 
to information on rules interpretation, contacts during tax audits / inspections as 
well as ruling procedure, where appropriate. 
Local Chief Financial Officer / Finance Manager address these situations with a 
fully transparent and collaborative approach as well as with a strong focus on the 
group’s business and on the business model adopted in order to avoid any sort of 
misinterpretation of group and associated companies behaviors. 
The Group recognizes the relevance of a transparent management of tax issues, also 
given its global presence and for this reason, in the next page please see the 
quantitative information foreseen by GRI 207-4 concerning the ‘country-by-country’ 
reporting.
187
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
The Cementir group 
maintains relationships 
with local tax authorities 
with respect to information 
on rules interpretation, 
contacts during tax audits / 
inspections as well as 
ruling procedure, where 
appropriate 


Page 190:
188
Country Description N.employees Revenues from third-party sales 
(EUR)37
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia  
 
Belgium  
 
 
China 
 
 
Denmark  
 
 
 
 
 
Egypt 
 
 
France  
 
 
Iceland  
 
Malaysia 
 
 
Norway  
 
 
Poland 
 
Spain  
 
Sweden  
 
 
Türkiye  
 
 
 
 
UK  
 
 
USA  
 
 
 
Total  
Sales, marketing and distribution of cement; 
Administration, management or support services; 
Holding of shares or other capital instruments; 
Ownership and management of intellectual 
property rights; Internal group financing. 
 
Sales, marketing and distribution of cement.  
 
Manufacturing of cement and concrete; sales, 
marketing or distribution.  
 
Manufacturing of cement; sales, marketing or 
distribution.  
 
Ownership and management of intellectual 
property rights; Manufacturing or production of 
cement and concrete; sales, marketing or 
distribution; Internal group financing; Holding of 
shares or other capital instruments.  
 
Manufacturing of cement; Sales, marketing or 
distribution.  
 
Manufacturing of concrete; sales, marketing or 
distribution.  
 
Sales, marketing and distribution of cement.  
 
Manufacturing of cement; sales, marketing or 
distribution.  
 
Manufacturing of concrete; sales, marketing or 
distribution.  
 
Sales, marketing and distribution of cement.  
 
Holding of shares or other capital instruments.  
 
Manufacturing of concrete; sales, marketing or 
distribution.  
 
Manufacturing of cement and concrete; sales, 
marketing or distribution; administration, 
management or support services; Holding of 
shares or other capital instruments.  
 
Waste management and recycling. Holding of 
shares or other capital instruments. 
 
Manufacturing of cement; sales, marketing or 
distribution; Holding of shares or other capital 
instruments.  
 
74 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
482 
 
 
221 
 
 
759 
 
 
 
 
 
72 
 
 
33 
 
 
10 
 
205 
 
 
136 
 
 
8 
 
0 
 
119 
 
 
763 
 
 
 
 
0 
 
 
200 
 
 
 
3,086 
39,516,835  
 
 
 
 
 
23,309,251  
 
284,798,307  
 
 
68,043,779  
 
 
410,395,463  
 
 
 
 
 
41,321,084  
 
 
105,415,218  
 
 
18,871,721  
 
30,086,896  
 
 
111,886,023  
 
 
26,825,400  
  
0  
 
43,165,818  
 
 
306,601,696  
 
 
 
 
2,284,880  
 
 
181,724,190  
 
 
 
1,694,246,561  
37 The values are reported in Euros according to the exchange rates used in the annual financial report.

Page 191:
189
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
7,114,000  
 
 
 
 
 
0  
 
63,182,000  
 
 
0  
 
 
68,051,000  
 
 
 
 
 
8,934,000  
 
 
9,000  
 
 
0  
 
15,030,000  
 
 
0  
 
 
116,000  
  
0  
 
2,871,000  
 
 
16,145,000  
 
 
 
 
0  
 
 
1,116,000  
 
 
 
182,568,000  
(1,738,945) 
 
 
 
 
 
1,083,496  
 
60,612,789  
 
 
14,401,621  
 
 
130,107,795  
 
 
 
 
 
28,390,259  
 
 
5,696,133  
 
 
782,715  
 
4,423,565  
 
 
(2,953,257) 
 
 
800,441  
 
(147,180) 
 
1,026,642  
 
 
41,059,494  
 
 
 
 
675,941  
 
 
6,488,376  
 
 
 
290,709,885  
23,128,614  
 
 
 
 
 
486,014  
 
325,649,357  
 
 
35,239,812  
 
 
238,599,845  
 
 
 
 
 
17,574,900  
 
 
7,216,925  
 
 
1,751,737  
 
23,059,636  
 
 
27,177,192  
 
 
744,717  
  
0  
 
20,093,287  
 
 
187,725,570  
 
 
 
 
0  
 
 
82,192,241  
 
 
 
990,639,847  
(614,113) 
 
 
 
 
 
(230,214) 
 
(18,245,199) 
 
 
(2,042,937) 
 
 
(26,268,009) 
 
 
 
 
 
(2,009,453) 
 
 
(611,905) 
 
 
(191,200) 
 
(347,936) 
 
 
(729,860) 
 
 
(206,205) 
  
(193,569) 
 
(978,416) 
 
 
(8,147,547) 
 
 
 
 
0  
 
 
(463,919) 
 
 
 
(61,280,482)
(865,617) 
 
 
 
 
 
(349,799) 
 
(19,796,015) 
 
 
(2,085,233) 
 
 
(30,351,489) 
 
 
 
 
 
(3,745,218) 
 
 
(876,768) 
 
 
(156,543) 
 
(993,494) 
 
 
5,668  
 
 
(179,945) 
  
(435,851) 
 
(326,952) 
 
 
(14,932,382) 
 
 
 
 
0  
 
 
(1,262,728) 
 
 
 
(76,352,366)
Revenues from intra-group 
transactions with other tax 
jurisdictions (EUR)
Tangible assets other 
than cash and cash 
equivalents (EUR)
Corporate income tax  
paid on a cash basis 
(EUR)
Corporate income tax  
accrued on profit/loss 
(EUR)
Profit/loss  
before tax 
(EUR)

Page 192:
190
ECONOMIC VALUE GENERATED AND DISTRIBUTED    
Cementir Holding redistributed part of the wealth generated to its shareholders and stakeholders, including 
employees, suppliers, governments and local communities. The representation of this wealth is calculated 
through economic value generated and distributed, which takes into account the key factors for assessing the 
social role of a business in the area where it operates and for the people that are involved in its production 
processes. For example, this calculation includes staff remuneration and costs; taxes paid in countries where 
the company operates (production excises, VAT, direct taxation) or payments to suppliers.  
The analysis of the value-added distribution is based on economic value generated, distributed and retained 
by the company, calculated by restating the items on the income statement of the Cementir Group’s 
consolidated financial statements. This analysis produces a quantitative assessment of direct socio-economic 
impact, by looking at the various items that comprise the wealth created and distributed in the form of costs.
38 The economic value withheld is not the exact difference between the economic value generated and distributed. The slight difference is a 
cash effect, linked mainly to taxes.
(in thousands of euros)                                                                                                  2023                           2022                        2021  
Direct economic value generated38                                                                       1,771,287                 1,812,784              1,406,7 72  
Total operating revenue                                                                                       1,737,547                 1,777,544              1,413,720  
Financial income                                                                                                       17,430                        5,820                     5,891  
Foreign exchange rate gains (losses)                                                                      15,538                      28,448                 (13,657) 
Share of net profits of equity-accounted investees                                                     772                           972                        818  
Economic value distributed                                                                                  (1,442,726)               (1,544,040)            (1,193,227) 
Operating costs                                                                                                       (1,111,799)               (1,232,715)               (921,362) 
Raw materials costs                                                                                              (739,121)                  (829,446)               (566,468) 
Other operating costs                                                                                           (372,678)                  (403,269)               (354,894) 
Value distributed to employees                                                                              (203,125)                   (198,182)               (181,406) 
Personnel costs                                                                                                     (203,125)                  (198,182)               (181,406) 
Value distributed to capital providers                                                                     (55,021)                     (54,091)                  (43,514) 
Financial expenses                                                                                                  (17,473)                    (23,290)                 (18,849) 
Dividends                                                                                                                  (37,548)                    (30,801)                 (24,665) 
Value distributed to governments                                                                            (72,781)                     (59,052)                  (47,125) 
Current taxes (income taxes)                                                                                 (61,280)                    (47,655)                 (47,125) 
Other non-income-related taxes                                                                           (11,501)                    (11,397)                             0  
Economic value retained                                                                                             314,429                     274,589                  232,045  
Profit (loss) for the year, of which:                                                                         177,944                    150,756                 122,995  
Profit (loss) from discontinued operations                                                                       0                               0                            0  
Amortisation and depreciation                                                                             (130,302)                  (124,171)               (109,571) 
Provisions                                                                                                                   (2,326)                      (3,084)                   (3,234) 
Impairment losses                                                                                                       (165)                      (3,573)                      (364) 
Deferred tax liabilities (assets)                                                                                (3,692)                        6,995                     4,119  

Page 193:
Cement plant in Gaurain, Belgium

Page 194:
192
APPENDIX 
 
CEMENTIR DATA TABLES  
 
CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT 
TOWARDS DIRECT RELATIONSHIP BUILDING        
Title                                                                                                                          Role                            Type                                  Date  
China Coat 2022                                                                                         Exhibitor                   Exhibitor               February, 2023 
The 1st China UHPC Technology & Innovation                        Sponsor, exhibitor,                    Seminar                    March, 2023 
Application Development Conference                                         keynote speaker                                                                             
South China University of Technology                                          Speaker, UHPC        Hybrid seminar                    March, 2023 
Online Lecture                                                                               sample sponsor 
The 22nd Chengdu China Building                                                            Exhibitor                  Exhibition                      April, 2023 
and Decoration Materials Exposition                                                                                                          
Aalborg White Open 2023                                                                        Organizer        Customer event                        May, 2023 
Concrete Canoe Race by Delft University of Technology                        Sponsor        University event                        May, 2023 
2023 Xiamen International Stone Fair                                      Exhibitor, Speaker                  Exhibition                      June, 2023 
Journée Expertise Construction 2023 (JEC France)                              Exhibitor                  Exhibition                      June, 2023 
                                                                                                                                     
BIBM Congress Amsterdam 2023                                            Exhibitor, Speaker                  Exhibition            September, 2023 
                                                                                                                                                & conference 
Customer technical workshop focus on                   Technical communications                  Workshop            September, 2023 
InWhite UHPC in Guangzhou                                                                                                                                                                
Shenzhen Construction and Public Works               Technical communications                  Workshop                 October, 2023 
Administration workshop focus on InWhite UHPC                                                                                            
Contractor workshop focus on                                  Technical communications                  Workshop                 October, 2023 
InWhite UHPC in Guangzhou 
Concrete Day 2023 Belgium                                                      Exhibitor, Speaker                  Exhibition            November, 2023 
                                                                                                                                                & conference 
Concrete Day Netherlands 2023                                               Exhibitor, Speaker                  Exhibition                    March, 2023 
                                                                                                                                                & conference 
C3 BUILD Congress: Building the Future Space                                    Exhibitor                  Exhibition                    March, 2023 
(China Hi-Tech Fair)                                                                                                                   & Seminar 
China GRC Association Annual Conference                             Speaker, Sponsor                    Seminar                      April, 2023 
The Global Finals of the 10th SIKA Davco                                 Speaker, Sponsor                    End user            December, 2023 
International Tiler Competition                                                                                                  roadshow 
Byggeri 2023                                                                                                    Stand                  Exhibition                    March, 2023 
FUT general assembly                                                       Organizer and speaker               Conference             November, 2023 
Portland OPEN                                                                                         Organizer        Customer event                      June, 2023 
Concrete Day Denmark                                                                                  Stand           Exhibition and           September, 2023 
                                                                                                                                                    conference 
DSE Career days                                                                                             Stand                  Exhibition                 October, 2023 
Annual meeting Danish Concrete Ass.                                                         Stand           Exhibition and            November, 2023 
                                                                                                                                                    conference 
Online technical meetings-4                                   Organizer, exhibitor, speaker                    Seminar                    March, 2023 
Betonart2023                                                                               Sponsor, Speaker           Student Event                  August, 2023 
                                                                                                                                                  & Workshop 
Çimentaş Trakya Foreman meetings      Organizer, sponsor, exhibitor, speaker               Conference            September, 2023 
Çimentaş Kars Foreman meetings         Organizer, sponsor, exhibitor, speaker               Conference                 October, 2023 
Çimentaş İzmir Foreman meetings        Organizer, sponsor, exhibitor, speaker               Conference             November, 2023 
Engineering Students Technical Visit                                                        Speaker           Student Event            November, 2023 
Beton2023                                                                   Exhibitor, sponsor, speaker,                  Exhibition            November, 2023 
                                                                                                        keynote speaker            & conference                                          
Online technical meetings-5                                   Organizer, exhibitor, speaker                    Seminar             December, 2023 
Youthall Engineering Career Summit                                        Sponsor, speaker           Student Event             December, 2023 
WCCM - Wallonia Conference Center Mons                          Speaker/Facilitator               Conference            November, 2023 

Page 195:
193
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
Hearing the voice of the customer and measuring performance          2023                            2022                                  2021  
Overall Net Promoter Score (NPS)                                                                     40.6                             34.8                                       57 
Overall Customer Loyalty Score (CLS)                                                               94.9                             93.2                                   98.3  
 
 
GOVERNANCE 
 
HUMAN RIGHTS  
 
Human rights                                                                     n                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
 
Human rights assessment                                                 %                      100                      100                        95                 412-1 

Page 196:
194
WASTE MANAGEMENT AND RECYCLING 
 
WASTE PROCESSED IN 2023 
 
Waste processed                                                                    
 
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Solid urban waste                                                                 t                   2,377                 25,844                 61,327                 306-3  
Industrial waste                                                                    t                 60,333               134,210               156,220                 306-3   
Total                                                                                             t                 62,710               160,054               217,547                  306-3  
 
 
Alternative fuel produced                                                   
 
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Total                                                                                             t                 11,120                 39,112                 72,408                              
Waste produced by the Group 
                                                                                                              2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref  
Total waste                                                                   t / 1,000                    367.2                    392.2                    378.4                   306-2 
Cement                                                                                                      121.6                   140.2                   156.3                  306-2 
RMC                                                                                                           245.3                   251.6                   221.8                  306-2 
Aggregates                                                                                                    0.3                       0.4                       0.3                  306-2 
Non-hazardous waste                                                t / 1,000                    366.2                    391.3                    377.3                  306-2 
Recycling                                                                                                   234.5                   275.1                   271.1                  306-2 
Incineration with energy recovery                                                               0.6                       0.5                       0.7                  306-2 
Incineration without energy recovery                                                         0.1                       0.1                       0.1                  306-2 
Other recovery operations                                                                           0.0                       1.0                       0.0                  306-2 
Landfilling                                                                                                 110.0                     85.9                     98.8                  306-2 
Other disposal operations                                                                         21.1                     28.6                       6.5                  306-2 
Non-hazardous waste of total waste                                 %                      99.7                      99.8                      99.7                 306-2 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Cement                                                                                 %                     33.1                     35.7                     41.2                  306-2 
RMC                                                                                      %                     66.8                     64.2                     58.8                  306-2 
Aggregates                                                                          %                       0.1                       0.1                       0.0                  306-2 
Hazardous waste                                                        t / 1,000                        1.0                        0.9                        1.1                   306-2 
Recycling                                                                                                       0.8                       0.5                       0.4                  306-2 
Incineration with energy recovery                                                               0.1                       0.1                       0.2                  306-2 
Incineration without energy recovery                                                         0.1                       0.0                       0.1                  306-2 
Other recovery operations                                                                           0.0                       0.0                       0.4                  306-2 
Landfilling                                                                                                     0.0                       0.1                       0.0                  306-2 
Other disposal operations                                                                           0.0                       0.0                       0.0                  306-2 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Cement                                                                                 %                     80.5                     73.7                     79.5                  306-2 
RMC                                                                                      %                       4.3                       5.0                       4.7                  306-2 
Aggregates                                                                          %                     15.2                     21.2                     15.8                  306-2

Page 197:
Fossil fuel consumption for cement production 
 
Type                                                                                       Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Coal                                                                                     GJ            7,639,540            7,617,448            7,526,248                 302-1 
Petroleum coke                                                                  GJ          16,085,193          16,107,354          15,031,687                 302-1 
Fuel oil                                                                                GJ               696,208               934,015               457,020                 302-1 
Lignite                                                                                 GJ               471,456            1,312,041            5,862,081                 302-1 
Gas oil                                                                                 GJ                          0                          0                          0                 302-1 
LPG                                                                                      GJ                          0                          0                          0                 302-1 
Natural gas                                                                         GJ            1,884,062            1,826,495            1,872,458                 302-1 
District heating                                                                  GJ                 12,161                 13,467                 36,009                 302-1 
Total                                                                                         GJ          26,788,621          27,810,820          30,785,503                  302-1  
Fossil Fuel per Clinker produced              GJ / ton clinker                      3.33                      3.44                      3.51
195
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
WE RESPECT THE ENVIRONMENT IN ALL OUR OPERATIONS 
 
USE OF ALTERNATIVE FUELS 
 Fossil fuel replacement index                                          
 
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
% of fossil fuel replacement (white and grey combined)         %                     22%                     21%                     20%                 302-3 
% of fossil fuel replacement (only grey cement)              %                     33%                     32%                     30%                 302-3 
% of fossil fuel replacement (only white cement)            %                       2%                       2%                       3%                 302-3
Fossil fuel consumption for white and grey cement production  
Type                                                                                Unit                                   2023                                           2022                           GRI Ref 
 
                                                                                                                                White                Grey                White                 Grey                             
Coal                                                                                       GJ                             0      7,639,540                        0       7,617,448                302-1 
Petroleum coke                                                                   GJ              8,893,547      7,191,647         9,880,022       6,227,332                302-1 
Fuel oil                                                                                  GJ                 512,377         183,831            730,347          203,668                302-1 
Lignite                                                                                   GJ                             0         471,456                        0       1,312,041                302-1 
Gas oil                                                                                   GJ                             0                     0                        0                      0                302-1 
LPG                                                                                        GJ                             0                     0                        0                      0                302-1 
Natural gas                                                                          GJ              1,884,062                     0         1,826,495                      0                302-1 
District heating                                                                    GJ                             0           12,161                        0            13,467                302-1 
Total                                                                                  GJ          11,289,986  15,498,635     12,436,864   15,373,956 

Page 198:
196
Alternative fuel consumption for white and grey cement production  
Type                                                                                Unit                                   2023                                           2022                           GRI Ref 
 
                                                                                                                                White                Grey                White                 Grey                             
Used oil                                                                                 GJ                             0         254,526                        0          213,935                302-1 
Rubbers and plastics                                                         GJ                             0         180,693                        0          185,862                302-1 
Tyres                                                                                      GJ                             0         702,384                        0          797,156                302-1 
Paper/cardboard/wood                                                      GJ                             0           24,762                        0          106,809                302-1 
Meat and bone meal                                                          GJ                 245,610      1,045,487            281,872       1,016,304                302-1 
Dry sewage sludge                                                             GJ                             0                     0                        0            10,331                302-1 
RDF and SRF                                                                       GJ                             0      3,965,894                        0       4,390,788                302-1  
Sunflower oil                                                                        GJ                             0         117,469                        0          106,988                302-1 
Other alternative fuels                                                       GJ                             0      1,159,159                        0          384,284                302-1 
Total                                                                                            GJ                  245,610      7,450,374            281,872       7,212,457                             
Alternative fuel consumption for cement production                         
                                                                                                        
Type                                                                                       Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Used oil                                                                               GJ               254,526               213,935               331,895                 302-1 
Rubbers and plastics                                                         GJ               180,693               185,862               115,095                 302-1 
Tyres                                                                                    GJ               702,384               797,156               772,592                 302-1 
Paper/cardboard/wood                                                      GJ                 24,762               106,809               132,996                 302-1 
Meat and bone meal                                                          GJ            1,291,097            1,298,176            1,256,250                 302-1 
Dry sewage sludge                                                            GJ                          0                 10,331                34,966                 302-1  
RDF and SRF                                                                      GJ            3,965,894            4,390,788            4,645,471                 302-1 
Sunflower oil                                                                      GJ               117,469               106,988              320,626                 302-1 
Other alternative fuels                                                      GJ            1,159,159               384,284               100,171                 302-1 
Total                                                                                          GJ            7,695,984            7,494,329            7,710,063 
Alternative Fuel per  
Clinker produced                                           GJ / ton clinker                      0.96                      0.93                      0.88                             

Page 199:
197
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
ALTERNATIVE RAW MATERIALS 
 Raw materials used in cement production                 
 
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Non-renewable raw materials                                            t          12,945,259          13,227,312          14,442,142                 301-1 
Renewable raw materials                                                    t            1,752,381            1,675,008            1,747,743                 301-1 
Total                                                                                             t          14,697,640          14,902,320          16,189,885                  301-1 
Renewable raw materials as a percentage  
of total raw materials used                                                %                     12%                     11%                     11%                 301-2
Non-renewable raw materials in cement production  
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Limestone                                                                              t          10,054,479          10,410,689          11,387,382                 301-1 
Clay                                                                                         t               993,046            1,109,975            1,101,016                 301-1 
Gypsum                                                                                  t               415,316               422,458               444,419                 301-1 
Marl                                                                                        t               535,594               312,606               584,158                 301-1 
Sand                                                                                       t               469,806               483,783               527,779                 301-1 
Pozzolana                                                                              t               156,034               161,811               167,747                 301-1 
Admixtures                                                                            t                 10,757                 13,263                 14,018                 301-1 
Auxiliaries                                                                              t                          0                          0                          0                 301-1 
Stone                                                                                      t                          0                          0                          0                 301-1 
Calcium fluoride                                                                    t                 52,060                 62,537                 47,144                 301-1 
Bauxite                                                                                   t                 12,791                   7,772                   3,873                 301-1 
Iron ore                                                                                   t               148,079               151,648                 47,657                 301-1 
Other residual materials                                                      t                 97,297                 92,291               116,949                 301-1 
Total                                                                                             t          12,945,259          13,228,833          14,442,142                  301-1 
Renewable materials in cement production  
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Fly ash                                                                                    t               548,837               502,673               481,718                 301-1 
FGD gypsum                                                                          t                 67,381                 80,197                 85,895                 301-1 
Iron oxide                                                                               t                 37,518                 48,648                 38,482                 301-1 
Blast-furnace slag                                                                t               296,153               327,550               305,745                 301-1 
Recovered limestone                                                            t               180,325               255,828               240,444                 301-1 
Excavated stone (clay replacement)                                    t               418,658               254,396               384,526                 301-1 
Other materials                                                                     t               203,509               202,532               210,933                 301-1 
Total                                                                                             t            1,752,381            1,671,824            1,747,743                  301-1 

Page 200:
198
Non-renewable raw materials other production activities  
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Sand                                                                                       t                 31,327                 32,406                 33,415                 301-1 
Auxiliaries and admistures                                                  t                      109                      130                      134                 301-1 
Cement                                                                                  t                 12,892                 10,999                 12,407                 301-1 
Stones                                                                                    t                 24,792                 24,073                 25,527                 301-1 
Steel                                                                                       t                   5,118                   4,012                   2,375                 301-1 
Total                                                                                             t                 74,238                 71,620                 75,879                  301-1  
Non-renewable raw materials used in ready-mixed concrete production  
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Limestone                                                                              t                          0                          0                          0                 301-1 
Sand                                                                                       t            2,473,197            3,064,746            3,255,064                 301-1 
Admixtures                                                                            t               131,484                 16,926                 24,287                 301-1 
Auxiliaries                                                                              t                        11                          9                          9                 301-1 
Cement                                                                                  t            1,281,924            1,482,944            1,549,711                 301-1 
Stones                                                                                    t            5,361,580            5,667,813            6,131,942                 301-1 
Steel Fiber                                                                             t                   2,977                   4,404                   3,083                 301-1 
Basalt Fiber                                                                           t                        22                          5                          5                 301-1 
Plastic macro fiber                                                               t                      214                      288                      246                 301-1 
Color pigment                                                                        t                      129                      146                        95                 301-1 
Other Materials                                                                     t                      394                        72                      106                 301-1 
Total                                                                                             t            9,251,932          10,237,353          10,964,549                  301-1
Raw materials used in the production of ready-mixed concrete  
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Non-renewable raw materials                                            t            9,251,932          10,237,353          10,964,549                 301-1 
Renewable raw materials                                                    t                 72,989               101,318                 95,789                 301-1 
Total                                                                                             t            9,324,921          10,338,671          11,060,338                  301-1 
Renewable raw materials as a percentage  
of total raw materials used                                                %                 0.78%                 0.98%                 0.87%                 301-2 
Renewable materials ready-mixed concrete production  
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Fly ash                                                                                    t                 59,605                 86,971                 82,524                 301-1 
Microsilica                                                                             t                   6,691                 11,689                 12,008                 301-1 
Blast-furnace slag                                                                t                   2,942                   2,658                   1,257                 301-1 
Total                                                                                             t                 69,238               101,318                 95,789                  301-1 

Page 201:
199
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
CEMENTIR’S CO2 FOOTPRINT 
 CO2 emissions - Group  
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
CO2 emissions (Scope 1)39                                                    t            7,184,097            7,324,884            8,006,881                 305-1 
CO2 emissions (Scope 2)40                                                    t               424,422               386,306               707,044                 305-2 
CO2 emissions (Scope 3)41                                                    t            2,607,247            3,591,43942          3,249,111                 305-3 
Total CO2  emissions                                                                t          10,215,766          11,302,629          11,963,036                              
CO2 emissions - Cement Production                               
 
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
CO2 emissions (Scope 1)                                                       t            7,134,901            7,278,336            7,982,250                 305-1 
CO2 emissions (Scope 2)                                                       t               416,562               377,548               691,732                 305-2 
Total CO2 emissions                                                                 t            7,551,463            7,655,884            8,673,982                              
CO2 emissions Scope 1 - Grey Cement             KgCo2/TCE                       655                       672                       684                  305-4 
CO2 emissions Scope 1 - White Cement          KgCo2/TCE                       846                       886                       919                  305-4 
Physical intensity Scope 3 (Kg Co2/ton       Kg Co2/ton of                      836                       876                       873                 305-4 
of purchased clinker and cement)        purchased clinker  
                                                                                 and cement 
CO2 emissions - Other43                                                        
 
                                                                                               Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
CO2 emissions (Scope 1)                                                       t                 49,196                 46,548                 24,631                 305-1 
CO2 emissions (Scope 2)                                                       t                   7,861                   8,758                 15,311                 305-2 
Total CO2 emissions                                                                 t                 57,056                 55,306                 39,942                              
39 Scope 1 emissions includes all direct emissions related to the calcination of limestone which, when heated in the kiln at high temperatures, 
releases CO₂. 
40 Scope 2 includes indirect emissions related to electricity purchased for the Group's needs, for example in cement grinding mills. 
41 Scope 3 emissions includes other indirect emissions that occur in the Group value chain, such as the extraction and production of purchased 
materials and fuels, and transportation.  
42 2022 data has been restated to align the calculation with the SBTi recommendation related to transport-related emissions. 
43 The other activities are the following businesses: ready-mix concrete, aggregates, concrete products and processing of urban and industrial waste. 

Page 202:
200
ENERGY CONSUMPTION 
 Energy consumed to produce cement                           
                                                                                                        
Type                                                         Unit                                                  2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Thermal energy                                      GJ                                     34,630,123          35,470,361          38,569,279                 302-1 
of which: from alternative fuel          GJ                                       7,695,984            7,494,329            7,710,063                 302-1 
Thermal energy sold                              GJ                                      -1,023,990          -1,283,120          -1,661,306                 302-1 
Electricity                                                GJ                                       4,399,638            4,451,819            4,751,610                 302-1 
Total energy                                              GJ                                       38,005,770          38,639,060         41,659,583                  302-1  
Thermal energy per t of Total  
Cement Equivalent                          GJ/TCE                                                  3.4                       3.5                       3.6                 302-3 
Thermal energy produced  
by alternative sources per t of  
Total Cement Equivalent               GJ/TCE                                                0.76                     0.75                     0.72                 302-3 
Electricity per t of Total  
Cement Equivalent                         GJ/TCE                                                0.43                     0.44                     0.44                 302-3 
Total energy per t of Total  
Cement Equivalent                         GJ/TCE                                                3.73                     3.85                     3.87                 302-3  
Energy consumed to produce ready-mixed concrete (fuels, electricity) 
                                                                                                        
Type                                                                                       Unit                     2023                     2022                    2021               GRI Ref 
Thermal energy                                                                  GJ               453,301               414,689               365,070                 302-1 
Electricity                                                                            GJ                 83,985                 93,393                 72,623                 302-1 
Total energy                                                                            GJ               537,286               508,081               437,693                  302-1 
Thermal energy per t of ready-mix concrete                      GJ/t                     0.04                     0.05                     0.04                 302-3 
Electricity per t of ready-mix concrete                         GJ/t                     0.01                     0.01                     0.01                 302-3 
Total energy per t of ready-mix concrete                     GJ/t                      0.05                      0.06                      0.05                  302-3  
Energy consumed for white and grey cement production  
Type                                                                                Unit                                   2023                                           2022                           GRI Ref 
 
                                                                                                                                White                Grey                White                 Grey                             
Thermal energy                                                                   GJ            11,585,143    23,044,980       12,769,695     22,700,665                302-1 
of which: from alternative fuel                                     GJ                 245,610      7,450,374            281,872       7,212,457                302-1 
Thermal energy sold                                                          GJ            -1,023,990                     0      - 1,283,120                      0                302-1 
Electricity                                                                              GJ              1,172,123      3,227,515        1,240,319       3,211,501                302-1 
Total energy                                                                              GJ            11,733,276   26,272,495      12,726,894     25,912,166                 302-1  
Thermal energy per t of  
Total Cement Equivalent                                           GJ/TCE                       4.83                2.96                  5.11                 3.01                302-3 
Thermal energy produced by alternative  
sources per t of Total Cement Equivalent              GJ/TCE                       0.10                0.96                  0.11                0.96                302-3 
Electricity per t of Total Cement Equivalent          GJ/TCE                       0.49                0.41                  0.50                 0.43                302-3 
Total energy per t of Total Cement Equivalent    GJ/TCE                         4.90                3.37                   5.09                  3.44                 302-3  

Page 203:
201
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
Energy usage of other activities44 
                                                                                                        
Type                                                                                       Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Thermal energy                                                                  GJ               201,170               209,512               210,260                 302-1 
Electricity                                                                            GJ               122,105               128,002               132,382                 302-1 
Total energy                                                                            GJ               323,276               337,514               342,642                  302-1 
Thermal energy per t of product made                              GJ/t                     0.01                     0.01                     0.01                 302-3 
Electricity per t of product made                                   GJ/t                     0.01                     0.01                     0.01                 302-3 
Total energy per t of product made                                GJ/t                      0.02                      0.02                      0.02                  302-3  
Energy used in the waste management sector         
                                                                                                        
Type                                                                                       Unit                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Thermal energy                                                                  GJ                 10,649                 13,017                 13,589                 302-1 
Electricity                                                                            GJ                   5,643                 15,336                 15,315                 302-1 
Total energy                                                                            GJ                 16,292                 28,354                 28,904                  302-1
44 The other activities are the following businesses: aggregates and concrete products.

Page 204:
Water balance in cement                                                                       2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Total water withdrawal                               m3 / 1,000                               9,191                    9,115                    9,795                  303-3 
Surface water                                                                                              408                      404                      605                 303-3 
Groundwater                                                                                             4,336                   5,014                   5,114                 303-3 
Seawater                                                                                                          0                          0                          0                 303-3 
Rainwater                                                                                                     717                      346                      486                 303-3 
Public water                                                                                                 239                      267                      254                 303-3 
Quarry water                                                                                             3,491                   3,084                   3,336                 303-3 
Total water discharge                                 m3 / 1,000                               5,748                    5,273                    5,339                  303-4 
By place of discharge                                                                                                                                                                                      
Surface water                                                                                           2,661                   1,745                   1,959                 303-4 
Groundwater                                                                                                  13                        11                          9                 303-4 
Seawater                                                                                                   2,836                   3,270                   3,121                 303-4 
External treatment plants and other discharge areas                             126                      161                      160                 303-4 
Domestic sewage                                                                                        112                        86                        90                 303-4 
Total water consumption                            m3 / 1,000                              3,442                    3,842                    4,455                  303-5 
In high water stress areas                         % of total water  
                                                                     consumption in cement        32.0                     37.2                     34.4                 303-5 
Total water reused/recycled                      m3 / 1,000                              3,095                    2,695                    3,191                  303-5 
                                                                     % of total water 
                                                                     withdrawal in cement            33.7                     29.6                     32.6                 303-5 
Specific water consumption                      l / TCE                                        387                       402                       413                  303-5 
In high water stress areas                                                                          246                      257                      276                 303-5 
202
RESPONSIBLE AND EFFICIENT USE OF WATER
Group water balance                                                                                2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Total water withdrawal                               m3 / 1,000                            15,317                 14,908                 15,651                  303-3 
Surface water                                                                                              505                      524                      658                 303-3 
Groundwater                                                                                             5,473                   6,849                   6,992                 303-3 
Seawater                                                                                                          0                          0                          0                 303-3 
Rainwater                                                                                                     843                      570                      764                 303-3 
Public water                                                                                                 502                      581                      537                 303-3 
Quarry water                                                                                             7,994                   6,384                   6,700                 303-3 
Total water discharge                                 m3 / 1,000                            10,993                    9,808                    9,737                  303-4 
By place of discharge                                                                                                                                                                                      
Surface water                                                                                           6,451                   5,255                   5,202                 303-4 
Groundwater                                                                                                  22                      215                          9                 303-4 
Seawater                                                                                                   2,836                   3,270                   3,121                 303-4 
External treatment plants and other discharge area                            1,523                      911                   1,262                 303-4 
Domestic sewage                                                                                        161                      157                      143                 303-4 
Total water consumption                            m3 / 1,000                              4,325                    5,099                    5,914                  303-5 

Page 205:
203
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
Water balance in ready-mix concrete                                              2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
Total water withdrawal                               m3 / 1,000                                  740                       888                       884                  303-3 
Surface water                                                                                                40                        96                        50                 303-3 
Groundwater                                                                                                329                      345                      370                 303-3 
Seawater                                                                                                          0                          0                          0                 303-3 
Rainwater                                                                                                     126                      137                      182                 303-3 
Public water                                                                                                 245                      310                      281                 303-3 
Total water discharge                                 m3 / 1,000                                  105                         59                         51                  303-4 
By place of discharge                                                                                                                                                                                      
Surface water                                                                                                  0                        13                          0                 303-4 
Groundwater                                                                                                    0                          0                          0                 303-4 
Seawater                                                                                                          0                          0                          0                 303-4 
External treatment plants and other discharge area                                 71                          1                          1                 303-4 
Domestic sewage                                                                                          34                        45                        50                 303-4 
Total water consumption                            m3 / 1,000                                  635                       829                       833                  303-5 
In high water stress areas                         % of total water  
                                                                     consumption in ready-mix    63.4                     59.4                     61.3                 303-5 
Total water reused/recycled                      m3 / 1,000                                  178                       183                       204                  303-5 
                                                                     % of total water 
                                                                     withdrawal in ready-mix       24.0                     20.6                     23.1                 303-5 
Specific water consumption                      l / m3  ready-                             149                       173                       163                  303-5 
                                                                         mix concrete  
EXTRACTION ACTIVITIES, REHABILITATION AND BIODIVERSITY 
 
Biodiversity                                                                       n                     2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
 
Quarry with rehabilitation plan in place                            %                        95                        95                        95                 304-1 

Page 206:
204
AIR PROTECTION 
                                                                                                                                   Clinker produced with CEMS45 and discontinuous                    2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
measurements of all emissions                                                                    
% of total production                                                                                   100                      100                        95                  305-7 
 
Clinker produced with CEMS of dust, NOx and SO2                                
% of total production                                                                                     98                      100                      100                  305-7 
  
Dust                                                                                                               
tons                                                                                                                172                      206                      213                  305-7 
g/t of clinker                                                                                                   21                        25                        25                  305-7 
  NOx                                                                                                                              
tons                                                                                                           10,821                 10,922                 10,583                  305-7 
g/t of clinker                                                                                              1,344                   1,353                   1,206                  305-7 
  SO2                                                                                                                               
tons                                                                                                             1,405                   1,578                   1,982                  305-7 
g/t of clinker                                                                                                 175                      195                      226                  305-7 
   TOC                                                                                                                             
g/t of clinker                                                                                                   37                        44                        43                  305-7 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                       15                        17                        17                  305-7   Hg                                                                                                                                
g/t of clinker                                                                                              0.006                   0.006                   0.014                  305-7 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                       15                        17                        17                  305-7 
  PCDD/Fs46                                                                                                                 
μg TEQ/t of clinker                                                                                    0.009                   0.014                   0.034                  305-7 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                       15                        17                        17                  305-7 
  ∑Cd, Tl                                                                                                                       
g/t of clinker                                                                                              0.007                   0.009                   0.014                  305-7 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                       15                        17                        16                  305-7 
  ∑Other heavy metals47                                                                                        
g/t of clinker                                                                                                0.07                     0.11                     0.11                  305-7 
n. of kilns reporting                                                                                       15                        17                        16                  305-7 
  
45 CEMS - Continuous Emission Monitoring Systems. 
46 PCDD/Fs (Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-furans; they include the 17 congeners of the NATO scheme adopted 
internationally and are reported as international Toxic Equivalent, TEQ). 
47 Sb, As, Pb, Cr, Co, Cu, Mn, Ni and V.

Page 207:
205
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
48 One fatality, included in the data, occurred in Türkiye. As of March 2024, it was not clarified if work-related.
HEALTH & SAFETY
                                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
 
Fatalities                                              (number)                                             0                          0                          3               403-10 
Employees                                                                                                              0                           0                           0                403-10 
Cement                                                                                                             0                          0                          0               403-10 
RMC                                                                                                                  0                          0                          0               403-10 
Aggregates                                                                                                       0                          0                          0               403-10 
Waste                                                                                                                0                          0                          0               403-10 
Other                                                                                                                 0                          0                          0               403-10 
Contractors                                                                                                            0                           0                           348              403-10 
Cement                                                                                                             0                          0                          2               403-10 
RMC                                                                                                                  0                          0                          1               403-10 
Aggregates                                                                                                       0                          0                          0               403-10 
Waste                                                                                                                0                          0                          0               403-10 
Other                                                                                                                 0                          0                          0               403-10 
 
 
                                                                   
                                                                  (fatal injuries/hours worked)  
Fatality Rate                                            x 1,000,000                                     0.00                     0.00                     0.31               403-10 
Employees                                                                                                        0.00                      0.00                      0.00                403-10 
Cement                                                                                                        0.00                     0.00                     0.00               403-10 
RMC                                                                                                             0.00                     0.00                     0.00               403-10 
Aggregates                                                                                                  0.00                     0.00                     0.00               403-10 
Waste                                                                                                           0.00                     0.00                     0.00               403-10 
Other                                                                                                            0.00                     0.00                     0.00               403-10 
Contractors                                                                                                      0.00                      0.00                      0.78                403-10 
Cement                                                                                                        0.00                     0.00                     0.81               403-10 
RMC                                                                                                             0.00                     0.00                     0.83               403-10 
Aggregates                                                                                                  0.00                     0.00                     0.00               403-10 
Waste                                                                                                           0.00                     0.00                     0.00               403-10 
Other                                                                                                            0.00                     0.00                     0.00               403-10 

Page 208:
206
HEALTH & SAFETY
                                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
High-Consequence Work-related     (high consequence work-related 
Injury Rate (excluding fatalities)49     injuries/hours worked) x 1,000,000   0.09                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
Employees                                                                                                        0.17                      0.00                      0.00                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                        0.28                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                              0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                  0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                           0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                            0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
Contractors                                                                                                       0.00                      0.00                      0.00                 403-9 
Cement                                                                                                        0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                              0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                  0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                           0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                            0.00                     0.00                     0.00                 403-9 
 
 
LTI                                                         (number of injuries with  
(Lost Time Injuries)                             working days of absence)               37                        44                        76                 403-9 
Employees                                                                                                           17                         25                         56                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                          10 50                      16                        37                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                                   5                          5                        13                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                       1                          1                          3                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                                0                          2                          1                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                                 1                          1                          2                 403-9 
Contractors                                                                                                          20                         19                         20                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                           13                        10                        14                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                                   7                          6                          5                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                       0                          2                          0                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                                0                          0                          1                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                                 0                          1                          0                 403-9 
49 High-consequence work-related injury: work-related injury that results in an injury from which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to 
recover fully to pre-injury health status within 6 months (excluding fatalities). 
50 Of which one high-consequence injury.

Page 209:
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
HEALTH & SAFETY
                                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
LTI FR (Lost Time                  (injuries with working days of  
Injury Frequency Rate)         absence/hours worked) x 1,000,000           3.5                       4.2                       8.0                 403-9 
Employees                                                                                                          2.9                        4.2                        9.9                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                          2.8                       4.5                     11.0                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                               3.5                       3.3                       8.8                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                    3.2                       3.3                       9.7                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                             0.0                     11.5                       5.2                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                              3.1                       3.0                       5.8                 403-9  
Contractors                                                                                                         4.1                        4.2                        5.2                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                          4.0                       3.4                       5.7                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                               5.6                       4.9                       4.2                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                    0.0                     10.0                       0.0                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                             0.0                       0.0                     25.5                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                              0.0                     19.9                       0.0                 403-9 
 
TRIR                                                         (total recordable injuries/hours 
(Total Recordable Injury Rate)51         worked) x 1,000,000                      10.2                     11.4                     20.2                 403-9 
Employees                                                                                                        10.4                      11.7                      27.4                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                        12.2                     13.5                     29.2                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                                7.7                       6.0                     10.9                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                    3.2                       6.6                     35.5                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                           14.1                     23.1                   136.4                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                              6.1                     17.9                     11.6                 403-9 
Contractors                                                                                                         9.9                      11.0                        9.9                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                          9.2                     12.1                     11.4                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                              11.9                       8.2                       5.8                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                    4.4                     10.0                       9.0                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                           51.9                       0.0                     51.0                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                              0.0                     19.9                       0.0                 403-9 
 
LTI SR (Lost Time                   (working days of absence/ 
Injury Severity Rate)             hours worked) x 1,000                                0.07                     0.09                     0.11                 403-9 
Employees                                                                                                         0.07                      0.10                      0.14                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                        0.09                     0.12                     0.18                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                              0.03                     0.07                     0.06                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                  0.16                     0.00                     0.09                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                            0.00                     0.09                     0.08                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                            0.01                     0.05                     0.24                 403-9 
Contractors                                                                                                       0.07                      0.08                      0.06                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                        0.04                     0.08                     0.07                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                              0.16                     0.08                     0.06                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                  0.00                     0.08                     0.00                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                            0.00                     0.00                     0.15                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                            0.00                     0.10                     0.00                 403-9 
 
                                                    
207
51 Total Recordable Injuries: the sum of Fatalities, Lost Time Injuries, Restricted Workday Injuries and Medical Treatment Cases.

Page 210:
208
HEALTH & SAFETY
                                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2021               GRI Ref 
 
Near Misses                             (number)                                                      755                      714                      577                 403-9 
Cement                                                                                                         435                      483                      334                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                               290                      201                      206                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                     21                        26                        33                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                                 2                          0                          2                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                                 7                          4                          2                 403-9 
                                                                                                        
 
Man-hours worked                              (millions of hours)                         10.6                     10.3                       9.5                 403-9 
Employees                                                                                                           5.8                        5.9                        5.7                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                          3.6                       3.6                       3.4                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                               1.4                       1.5                       1.5                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                    0.3                       0.3                       0.3                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                             0.1                       0.2                       0.2                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                             0.3                       0.3                       0.3                 403-9 
Contractors                                                                                                         4.8                        4.4                        3.8                  403-9 
Cement                                                                                                          3.3                       2.9                       2.4                 403-9 
RMC                                                                                                               1.3                       1.2                       1.2                 403-9 
Aggregates                                                                                                    0.2                       0.2                       0.1                 403-9 
Waste                                                                                                             0.0                       0.0                       0.0                 403-9 
Other                                                                                                             0.0                       0.0                       0.0                 403-9 
 
 
                                                                  (occupational illness  
OIFR (Occupational Illness                allegations received/hours                  
Frequency Rate)                                 worked) x 1,000,000                        0.0                       0.0                       0.4               403-10 
 
 
 
Specific Health & Safety Training    (hours)                                        33,645                 22,200                 15,615                 404-1 

Page 211:
209
3
52 The number of total employees included 100% of SCT as described into the methodology note. 
53 Based on the definitions under the national laws of the country where they are located. 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                   Headcount 31-12-23                          Headcount 31-12-22                              Headcount 31-12-21                            
                                                               Men      Women        Total                   Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total           GRI Ref 
Cementir Group 
Employees                                       2,684             402       3,08652              2,705             416       3,121                   2,723              401      3,124             405-1 
Contractors                                         950               14          964                    741                 7          748                      765                  7         772             405-1 
Executives                                             36                 4            40                      37                 4            41                        44                  4           48             405-1 
Manager                                              274               54          328                    268               60          328                      269                59         328             405-1 
White collars                                       632             292          924                    589             296          885                      588              287         875             405-1 
Blue collars                                     1,742               52       1,794                  1,811               56       1,867                   1,822                51      1,873             405-1 
Total                                                    2,684              402       3,086                 2,705              416       3,121                   2,723               401      3,124                         
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                   Headcount 31-12-23                          Headcount 31-12-22                              Headcount 31-12-21 
                                                               Men      Women        Total                   Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total           GRI Ref 
Employees by type of contract 
Total number of headcounts          2,577             375       2,952                 2,577             383       2,960                   2,616              373      2,989             405-1 
with permanent contracts 
Total number of headcounts with  
fixed term or temporary contracts   107               27          134                    128               33          161                       107                28         135             405-1 
Total                                                    2,684              402       3,086                 2,705              416       3,121                   2,723               401      3,124              405-1
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                   Headcount 31-12-23                          Headcount 31-12-22                              Headcount 31-12-21 
                                                               Men      Women        Total                   Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total           GRI Ref 
Employees by  
employment types53 
Total number of headcounts          2,584             377       2,961                 2,609             383       2,992                   2,667              374      3,041             405-1 
with full-time status 
Total number of headcounts with  
part-time status                                 100               25          125                       96               33          129                        56                27           83             405-1 
Total                                                    2,684              402       3,086                 2,705              416       3,121                   2,723               401      3,124              405-1

Page 212:
210
54 The number of total employees included 100% of SCT as described into the methodology note. 
55 Based on the definitions under the national laws of the country where they are located.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                         TOTAL                                                 EUROPE                                               ASIA PACIFIC  
                                                                                  Male          Female           Total           Male        Female           Total                Male        Female         Total  
 
Total headcount by gender 
Employees                                                            2684                 402          3,08654       1,386               235         1,621                 344                 86           430 
Contractors                                                           950                   14             964                 0                   0                 0                   62                   0             62 
Employees by category 
Executive Manager                                                  36                     4               40               27                   4               31                      3                   0               3 
Manager                                                                 274                   54             328             148                 36             184                    25                   6             31 
White collars                                                          632                 292             924             336               170             506                  100                 57           157 
Blue collars                                                        1,742                   52          1,794             875                 25             900                  216                 23           239 
Headcount by age 
Under 30 years old                                                329                   57             386             130                 34             164                    45                   7             52 
30-50 years old                                                   1,374                 242          1,616             578               122             700                  184                 67           251 
Over 50 years old                                                   981                 103          1,084             678                 79             757                  115                 12           127 
 
Employees by type of contract                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Total number of headcounts 
with permanent contracts                                2,577                 375          2,952          1,320               224         1,544                  311                 71           382 
Total number of headcounts with 
ﬁxed term or temporary contracts                      107                   27             134               66                 11               77                    33                 15             48 
 
Employees by employment types55                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Total number of headcounts  
with full-time status                                          2,584                 377          2,961          1,287               210         1,497                  344                 86           430 
Total number of headcounts  
with part-time status                                           100                   25             125               99                 25             124                      0                   0               0 
HEADCOUNT 31 12 2023: BREAKDOWN BY GENDER AND BY  REGION (GRI  REF. 2-7)

Page 213:
211
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
                                                                          
                                 NORTH AMERICA                                        TÜRKIYE                                                     EGYPT                  
                         Male        Female        Total                  Men          Women        Total                 Men          Women        Total  
                          178                 22          200                  715                  48          763                   61                   11            72 
                              4                   2              6                  632                  12          644                 252                     0          252 
                              2                   0              2                      2                    0              2                      2                     0              2 
                            38                   4            42                    43                    6            49                    20                     2            22 
                            17                 18            35                  157                  38          195                    22                     9            31 
                          121                   0          121                  513                    4          517                    17                     0            17 
                            26                   2            28                  122                  12          134                      6                     2              8 
                            74                 11            85                  501                  34          535                    37                     8            45 
                            78                   9            87                    92                    2            94                    18                     1            19 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
                          178                 22          200                  715                  48          763                    53                   10            63 
                              0                   0              0                      0                    0              0                      8                     1              9 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
                          177                 22          199                  715                  48          763                    61                   11            72 
                              1                   0              1                      0                    0              0                      0                     0              0 

Page 214:
212
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                 2023                                                       2022                                                           2021 
                                                               Men      Women        Total                   Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total           GRI Ref 
Employees who receive regular 
performance reviews 
Executives                                        100%          100%       100%                   99%          100%       100%                     98%           100%        98%             403-3 
Manager                                             97%          100%         98%                 100%            99%       100%                  100%             83%        99%             403-3 
Employees                                         94%            88%         92%                   95%            99%         96%                     97%           100%        98%             403-3 
Blue collars                                       45%            88%         46%                    38%            32%         38%                     44%             39%        44%             403-3 
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                 2023                                                           2022                                          
                                                                                                                                Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total           GRI Ref 
Group turnover 
Incoming                                                                                                                                                                              
Under 30                                                                                                         28%            22%         27%                     29%             36%        30%             401-1 
30-50                                                                                                               10%            13%         10%                     10%             12%        10%             401-1 
Over 50                                                                                                              4%              8%           4%                       5%               5%          5%             401-1 
Total                                                                                                                       15%            19%         15%                      15%             21%        16%             401-1 
Outgoing                                                                                                                                                                               
Under 30                                                                                                         14%            24%         16%                     17%             15%        17%             401-1 
30-50                                                                                                                 9%            12%           9%                     10%             12%        10%             401-1 
Over 50                                                                                                            10%            13%         10%                     10%             13%        10%             401-1 
Total                                                                                                                       15%            21%         16%                      16%             19%        17%             401-1 
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                 2023                                                       2022                                                           2021 
                                                               Men      Women        Total                   Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total           GRI Ref 
Turnover Rate 
Overall employee Turnover Rate        15%            21%         16%                   16%            19%         17%                    15%             18%        15%             401-1 
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                 2023                                                           2022                                          
                                                                                                                                Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total           GRI Ref 
Voluntary employee turnover rate 
Voluntary employee turnover rate                                                                    9%            18%         11%                     11%             15%        11%             401-1 

Page 215:
213
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                 2023                                                       2022                                                           2021 
                                            Unit           Men      Women        Total                   Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total           GRI Ref 
Hours of training 
 
Executives                    Hours            507               60          567                    467               77          545                       357                60         417             404-1 
Manager                       Hours         7,949          1,570       9,519                 7,318          1,151       8,470                   5,583              832      6,415             404-1 
White collars                Hours       18,529          7,848     26,377               18,930        12,096     31,026                   9,898           4,109    14,007             404-1 
Blue collars                  Hours       42,147          1,659     43,805               27,230          1,241     28,471                 16,680              444    17,124             404-1 
Total                                Hours       69,132        11,136     80,268               53,946        14,566     68,511                 32,518           5,444    37,963             404-1 
Executives                      h/per           13.9            14.9         14.0                   12.6            19.3         13.3                       8.1             14.9          8.7             404-1 
Manager                        h/per           29.3            27.5         29.0                   27.3            19.2         25.8                     20.8             14.1        19.6             404-1 
White collars                 h/per           30.4            26.7         29.2                   32.1            40.9         35.1                     16.8             14.3        16.0             404-1 
Blue collars                   h/per           23.7            30.7         23.9                   15.0            22.2         15.2                       9.2               8.7          9.1             404-1 
Total                                 h/per            25.7            27.2         25.9                    19.9            35.0         22.0                      11.9             13.6        12.2              404-1 
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                 2023                                                       2022                                                           2021 
                                            Unit           Men      Women        Total                   Men      Women        Total                      Men       Women       Total     
Hours of training  
per category 
Health & Safety            Hours       31,271          2,374     33,645               20,354          1,846     22,200                 14,695              920    15,615     
Technical and  
Functional                    Hours       21,428          3,925     25,353               19,845          8,890     28,735                 11,990           2,404    14,395 
Management Edu        Hours         8,912          2,593     11,504                 6,087          1,445       7,532                   2,197              708      2,904 
& Leadership  
Development 
Cultural and Corporate  Hours         3,473          1,135       4,608                 3,697          1,647       5,344                   2,718           1,093      3,811 
Other                             Hours         4,048          1,110       5,158                 3,962             737       4,699                      918              319      1,238 
Total Hour of Training                   69,132        11,136     80,268               53,945        14,565     68,510                 32,518           5,444    37,963 
                                                                                            
Total Cost for Training        €                         300,858                                                   347,311                                                                     
Parental leave                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                          Number         % on total employees         GRI Ref 
Employees entitled to parental leave                                                                                                       
Women                                                                                                                                             402                                    100%           401 -3 
Men                                                                                                                                                 2617                                      98%                        
 
Employees who took parental leave in 2023                                                                                           
Women                                                                                                                                               14                                        n.a           401 -3 
Men                                                                                                                                                     38                                        n.a           401 -3 
 
Employees that returned to work in 2023 after parental leave ended                                             
Women                                                                                                                                                 5                                        n.a           401 -3 
Men                                                                                                                                                     35                                        n.a           401 -3 

Page 216:
214
Relevant certifications                                                       Activity           ISO 45001           ISO 14001          ISO 50001      ISO 9001         Other relevant  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Certification 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Company/Site 
Aalborg Portland (Denamrk)                                                         Cement                        YES                        YES                       YES                 YES            BENOR Label 
Izmir (Türkiye)                                                                                   Cement                        YES                        YES                       YES                 YES                                      
Edirne (Türkiye)                                                                                Cement                        YES                        YES                       YES                 YES                                      
Elazig (Türkiye)                                                                                 Cement                        YES                        YES                       YES                 YES                                      
Kars (Türkiye)                                                                                    Cement                        YES                        YES                       YES                 YES                                      
CCB (Belgium)                                                                                  Cement                        YES                        YES                         NO                 YES                   CSC Silver 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Certificate 
Al Arish (Egypt)                                                                                 Cement                        YES                          NO                         NO                 YES                                    - 
York (US)                                                                                            Cement                        YES                          NO                         NO                  NO                                    - 
Waco (US)                                                                                          Cement                        YES                          NO                         NO                  NO                                    - 
Anqing (China)                                                                                  Cement                        YES                        YES                       YES                 YES 
         National Green 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Factory  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       National High &  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       New Technology 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Enterprises 
Ipoh (Malaisya)                                                                                  Cement                        YES                         YES                        YES                 YES  Gold EcoVadis Medal  
% of plant certified                                                                                                              100%                        73%                                              82% 
No. of plant certified                                                                                                                 11                             8                                                    9 
 
 
                                                                                                        Activity           ISO 45001           ISO 14001                                                            Other relevant 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Certification 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Company/Site 
Unicon Denmark                                                         Ready Mix Concrete                         NO                          NO                                                                            ISO 9001 
Unicon Norway                                                            Ready Mix Concrete                         NO                        YES                                                                                          -  
AB Sydsten (Sweden)                                                 Ready Mix Concrete                         NO                        YES                                                                                        --  
Cimbeton (Türkiye)                                                     Ready Mix Concrete                         NO                          NO                                                           CSC Bronze Certificate 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                for the Issikent plant 
CCB RMC (France and Belgium)                                Ready Mix Concrete                         NO                        YES                             BENOR Label CSC Gold Certificate 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Cradle to Cradle® Silver 
% of plant certified                                                                                                                  0%                        60% 
No. of plant certified                                                                                                                   0                             3 
 
 
                                                                                                        Activity           ISO 45001           ISO 14001             ISO 9001                                Other relevant  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Certification 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Company/Site 
Sureko (Türkiye)                                                                                   Waste                        YES                        YES                       YES                     Zero Waste Certificate 

Page 217:
215
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
                                                                                                                                     Activity            ISO 45001          ISO 14001                               Other relevant 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Certification 
                                                                                                                                                                                  
Company/Site 
AB Sydsten (Sweden)                                                                                               Aggregates                          NO                       YES                                                           - 
Kudsk & Dahl (Denmark)                                                                                        Aggregates                          NO                         NO                                                           -  
CCB Clypot (Belgium)                                                                                              Aggregates                        YES                       YES                        CSC Gold Certificate 
SCT (Belgium)                                                                                                           Aggregates                          NO                         NO                                                           - 
Aalborg Resources Snd Bhd (Malaysia)                                                                Aggregates                          NO                         NO                                                           - 
% of plant certified                                                                                                                                                20%                       40% 
No. of plant certified                                                                                                                                                  1                            2 
 
 
Communities                                                                                                               n                     2023                    2022                 2021                   GRI Ref 
 
Thermal energy delivered to the Aalborg Municipality                                                      GJ              1,046,529              1,283,120          1,661,306                        412-1 

Page 218:
216
GRI CONTENT INDEX
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
General Disclosure
2-1 Organizational details 
 
 
 
2-2 Entities included in the 
organization’s sustainability 
reporting  
 
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and 
contact point  
 
 
 
2-4 Restatements and information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2-5 External assurance 
 
 
2-6 Activities, value chain and other 
business relationships  
 
 
2-7 Employees 
 
 
2-8 Workers who are not employees 
 
 
2-9 Governance structure and 
composition 
 
 
2-10 Nomination and selection of the 
highest governance body 
 
2-11 Chair of the highest governance 
body 
 
2-12 Role of the highest governance 
body in overseeing the 
management of impacts 
 
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts 
 
2-14 Role of the highest governance 
body in sustainability reporting 
 
2-15 Conflicts of interest 
 
 
2-16 Communication of critical 
concern 
 
2-17 Collective knowledge of the 
highest governance body 
 
2-18 Evaluation of the performance  
of the highest governance body 
‘The Cementir Group’ 
‘The Corporate Governance system’ 
‘Global presence’ 
 
‘Methodology note’ 
 
 
 
‘Methodology note’ 
 
 
 
 
‘Cementir’s CO2 footprint’ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
‘Methodology note’ 
‘Independent Auditor’s report’ 
 
‘The Cementir Group’ 
‘Global presence’ 
‘Value chain engagement’ 
 
‘Workforce number and composition’ 
‘Cementir Data Tables’ 
 
‘Workforce number and composition’ 
‘Cementir Data Tables’ 
 
‘Nomination and selection processes of highest 
corporate body and its committees’ 
‘The Sustainability Governance system’ 
 
‘The Corporate Governance system’ 
 
 
‘Processes for ensuring that conflicts of interest 
are prevented’ 
 
‘Role of the Board of Directors in overseeing the 
management of Cementir’s impacts’ 
 
 
‘Role of the Board of Directors in overseeing the 
management of Cementir’s impacts’ 
 
‘Validation and implementation’ 
‘The Sustainability Governance system’ 
 
‘Processes for ensuring that conflicts of interest 
are prevented’ 
 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
 
 
‘Governance’ 
 
 
‘Evaluation of Board’s performance’ 
 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
For contact point please consider 
communication@cementirholding.it 
The only restatement 
made from previous 
reporting period has 
been the one related 
to the method applied 
for Scope 3 calculation 
data
GRI 2: General Disclosures
follow

Page 219:
217
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
General Disclosure
2-19 Remuneration policies 
 
 
 
 
2-20 Process to determine 
remuneration  
 
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio 
 
 
2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy 
 
2-23 Policy commitments  
 
 
 
 
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 
 
 
 
 
 
2-25 Processes to remediate negative 
impacts 
 
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice 
and raising concerns 
 
2-27 Compliance with laws and 
regulations 
 
2-28 Membership associations 
 
2-29 Approach to stakeholder 
engagement 
 
2-30 Collective bargaining 
agreements 
 
‘The Corporate Governance system’ 
 
 
 
 
‘The Corporate Governance system’ 
 
 
‘The Corporate Governance system’ 
 
 
‘Letter to stakeholders’ 
‘UN Global Compact’ 
 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
‘Commitment to fighting corruption’ 
‘Commitment to Human Rights’ 
‘Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion’ 
 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
‘Commitment to fighting corruption’ 
‘Commitment to Human Rights’ 
‘Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion’ 
‘Cementir Academy’ 
 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
 
 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
 
 
‘Relevant litigation’ 
 
 
‘Our commitment on carbon-related public policy’ 
 
‘The Group’s stakeholders’ 
 
 
‘Industrial relations’ 
 
Please refer also to 
Remuneration Report 
and Remuneration 
Policy
Please refer also to 
the Annual Report 
GRI 2: General Disclosures
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
follow
follow

Page 220:
follow
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
Material Topics
follow
Economic Performance (Business performance and consolidation)
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 201: 
Economic Performances 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 205: 
Anti-corruption 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 206: 
Anti-competitive behaviour 
 
 
GRI 207: Tax 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
 
 
201-1 Direct economic value 
generated and distributed 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
 
 
 
205-3 Confirmed incidents of 
corruption and actions taken 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
 
 
206-1 Legal actions for anti-
competitive behaviour, anti-trust, 
and monopoly practices 
 
Disclosure 207-1 Approach to tax 
 
Disclosure 207-2 Tax governance, 
control, and risk management 
 
Disclosure 207-3 Stakeholder 
engagement and management of 
concerns related to tax 
 
Disclosure 207-4 Country-by-
country reporting
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Economic value generated and distributed’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Economic value generated and distributed’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Risk Management Framework’  
‘Economic value generated and distributed’ 
 
 
‘Economic value generated and distributed’ 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Governance’ 
‘Commitment to fighting corruption’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Governance’ 
‘Commitment to fighting corruption’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Risk Management Framework’  
‘Governance’ 
‘Commitment to fighting corruption’ 
 
 
‘Commitment to fighting corruption’ 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Governance’ 
‘Integrity and competition’ 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Governance’ 
‘Integrity and competition’ 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Risk Management Framework’  
‘Governance’ 
‘Integrity and competition’ 
 
‘Governance’ 
‘Integrity and competition’ 
 
 
‘Cementir’s approach to taxes’ 
 
‘Cementir’s approach to taxes’ 
 
 
‘Cementir’s approach to taxes’ 
 
 
 
‘Cementir’s approach to taxes’ 
 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Anti-corruption (Regulation; Transparency and Accountability)
Anti-competitive behaviour (Competitive behaviour; Transparency and Accountability)
218

Page 221:
219
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
follow
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
Material Topics
follow
Materials (Circular economy; Waste and hazardous materials management)
Energy (Energy management; Climate Change and GHG emissions)
Water (Water management)
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 301: 
Materials 
 
GRI 306: Waste  
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 302: 
Energy 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
 
301-1 Materials used by weight or 
volume 
 
306-2 Management of significant 
waste-related impacts 
 
306-3 Waste-generated  
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
 
302-1 Energy consumption within 
the organization 
 
302-3 Energy intensity 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘In waste we see resources’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘In waste we see resources’ 
‘Use of alternative fuels’ 
‘Alternative raw materials’ 
‘Efficient waste management’ 
 
‘In waste we see resources’ 
‘Use of alternative fuels’ 
‘Alternative raw materials’ 
 
‘Alternative raw materials’ 
 
 
‘In waste we see resources’ 
 
 
‘In waste we see resources’ 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘In waste we see resources’ 
‘We respect the environment in all our 
operations’ 
 
‘In waste we see resources’ 
‘We respect the environment in all our 
operations’ 
 
‘In waste we see resources’ 
‘We respect the environment in all our 
operations’ 
 
‘Energy consumption’ 
‘Use of alternative fuels’ 
 
‘Energy consumption’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Responsible and efficient use of water’ 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Responsible and efficient use of water’ 
 
‘Task Force on Climate-related 
Disclosures - TCFD’ 
‘Risk Management Framework’  
‘Responsible and efficient use of water’ 
 
 
 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

Page 222:
follow
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
Material Topics
follow
Water (Water management)
GRI 303: 
W
ater and Effluents 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
GRI 305: 
Emissions 
303-1 Interactions with water as a 
shared resource 
303-2 Management of water 
discharge-related impacts 
303-3 Water withdrawal 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
3-2 List of material topics 
3-3 Management of material topics 
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG 
emissions 
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 
emissions 
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG 
emissions 
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), 
sulphur oxides (SOx), and 
other significant air emissions 
‘Responsible and efficient use of water’ 
‘Responsible and efficient use of water’ 
‘Responsible and efficient use of water’ 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Task Force on Climate-related 
Disclosures - TCFD’ 
‘Cementir Roadmap 2030’ 
‘2050 ambition’ 
‘Risk Management Framework’ 
‘We respect the environment in all our 
operations’ 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Task Force on Climate-related 
Disclosures - TCFD’ 
‘Cementir Roadmap 2030’ 
‘2050 ambition’ 
‘Risk Management Framework’ 
‘We respect the environment in all our 
operations’ 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Task Force on Climate-related 
Disclosures - TCFD’ 
‘Cementir Roadmap 2030’ 
‘2050 ambition’ 
‘Risk Management Framework’ 
‘We respect the environment in all our 
operations’ 
‘Cementir’s CO2 footprint’ 
‘CO2 emissions related to cement 
production’ 
‘CO2 emissions related to other 
activities’ 
‘Cementir’s CO2 footprint’ 
‘CO2 emissions related to cement 
production’ 
‘CO2 emissions related to other 
activities’ 
‘Cementir’s CO2 footprint’ 
‘Cementir’s Scope 3 emissions’ 
‘Cementir’s CO2 footprint’ 
‘CO2 emissions related to cement 
production’ 
‘CO2 emissions related to other 
activities’ 
‘Air protection’ 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Emissions (Climate Change and GHG emissions; Other air emissions)
220

Page 223:
221
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
Material Topics
follow
Employment (People management and development)
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 401: 
Employment 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 402: 
Labor/Management relations 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 403: 
Occupational Health & Safety 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 403 (2018): 
Occupational Health & Safety 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
401-1 New employee hires and 
employee turnover 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
402-1 Minimum notice periods 
regarding operational 
changes 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
403-1 Occupational health and 
safety management system 
 
403-2 Hazard identification, risk 
assessment, and incident 
investigation 
 
403-3 Occupational health services 
 
403-4 Worker participation, 
consultation, and 
communication on 
occupational health and safety  
 
403-5 Worker training on 
occupational health and safety 
 
403-6 Promotion of worker health 
 
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of 
occupational health and safety 
impacts directly linked by 
business relationships 
 
403-9 Work-related injuries 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘We value our people’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘We value our people’ 
 
 
‘Risk Management Framework’  
‘We value our people’ 
 
‘Workforce numbers and composition’ 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘We value our people’ 
 
 
 
‘We value our people’ 
 
‘Risk Management Framework’  
‘We value our people’ 
 
‘Industrial relations’ 
 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
‘Risk Management Framework’  
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
 
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
 
 
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
 
 
 
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
 
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
 
 
 
‘Health and Safety is a common value’ 
 
Labor/Management relations (Industrial Relations)
Occupational Health & Safety (Health & Safety)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
follow

Page 224:
222
follow
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
Material Topics
follow
Training and education (People management and development)
Diversity and Equal Opportunity (Diversity Equity and Inclusion)
Non-discrimination (Human Rights)
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 404: 
Training and education 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 405: 
Diversity and Equal Opportunity 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 406: 
Non discrimination  
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
404-1 Average hours of training per 
year per employee 
 
404-2 Programs for upgrading 
employee skills and transition 
assistance programs 
 
404-3 Percentage of employees 
receiving regular performance 
and career development reviews 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material 
topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
405-1 Diversity of governance 
bodies and employees 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material 
topics 
 
 
 
 
 
406-1 Incidents of discrimination 
and corrective actions taken 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘We value our people’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘We value our people’ 
 
 
‘We value our people’ 
 
‘We value our people’ 
‘Cementir Academy’ 
 
‘We value our people’ 
 
 
 
‘We value our people’ 
‘People evaluation and development’ 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘We value our people’ 
‘Diversity, equity and inclusion’ 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘We value our people’ 
‘Diversity, equity and inclusion’ 
 
‘Commitment to Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion’ 
‘Code of Ethics, Human Rights, 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Awareness Survey’ 
‘We value our people’ 
‘Diversity, equity and inclusion’ 
 
‘Diversity, equity and inclusion’ 
‘Appendix’ 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
‘Commitment to Human Rights’ 
‘We value our people’ 
‘Diversity, equity and inclusion’ 
 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
‘Commitment to Human Rights’ 
‘We value our people’ 
‘Diversity, equity and inclusion’ 
 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
‘Commitment to Human Rights’ 
‘Code of Ethics, Human Rights, 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Awareness Survey’ 
‘We value our people’ 
 
‘The Code of Ethics’ 
‘Commitment to Human Rights’ 
 
 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

Page 225:
223
3
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
Material Topics
follow
Local Communities (Community Engagement)
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 413: 
Local Communities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
N/A 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
413-1 Operations with local 
community engagement, 
impact assessments, and 
development programs 
 
413-2 Operations with significant 
actual and potential negative 
impacts on local communities 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
No disclosure of the GRI applicable. 
The document presents a qualitative 
description of the subject and 
actions taken by the Group 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
No disclosure of the GRI applicable. 
The document presents a qualitative 
description of the subject and 
actions taken by the Group 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
No disclosure of the GRI applicable. 
The document presents a qualitative 
description of the subject and 
actions taken by the Group 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘We support our communities’ 
 
 
‘We support our communities’ 
 
‘We support our communities’ 
 
‘Dialogue and support of local 
communities’ 
 
 
 
‘Dialogue and support of local 
communities’ 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Customer engagement’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘How cement is made’ 
‘Customer engagement’ 
 
 
‘How cement is made’ 
‘Customer engagement’ 
 
‘How cement is made’ 
‘Customer engagement’ 
 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Sustainable products’ 
‘Cementir roadmap 2030’ 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Sustainable products’ 
‘Cementir roadmap 2030’ 
 
 
‘Sustainable products’ 
‘Cementir roadmap 2030’ 
 
‘Sustainable products’ 
‘Cementir roadmap 2030’ 
 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
 
‘Extraction activities, rehabilitation 
and biodiversity’ 
 
‘Extraction activities, rehabilitation 
and biodiversity’ 
 
Customer Management
Innovation
Biodiversity
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
follow
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED

Page 226:
224
follow
GRI Standard Disclosure Section Omissions and notes
Material Topics
Reliable and Sustainable Supply chain 
Cybersecurity and data protection
Geopolitical aspects
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRI 3: 
Material Topics
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
 
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics 
 
3-2 List of material topics 
 
3-3 Management of material topics 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
‘Value chain engagement’ 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’  
‘Value chain engagement’ 
‘Risk Management Framework’ 
 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
 
‘Risk Management Framework’ 
 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
 
 
‘The definition of the material issues’ 
 
‘Risk Management Framework’ 
 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

Page 227:
Cement plant in Anqing, China

Page 228:
226
Issue of European 
Directive 
95/2014/EU
Cementir material 
issue
Identified risks  
and managing 
methods
Policies adopted Relevant GRI 
standards
Reported 
disclosure
Notes
Environmental Use of alternative 
fuels and materials
Climate Change
Other emissions
Chap. ‘We respect 
the environment in 
all our operations’
Chap. ‘We respect 
the environment in 
all our operations’
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
GRI 305: Emissions
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material  
Topics 2021 
GRI 305: Emissions
305-1 
305-2 
305-4
305-7
Water 
management
Chap. ‘We respect 
the environment in 
all our operations’
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
GRI 303 (2018): 
Water and 
effluents
303-1 
303-2 
303-3 
Chap. ‘In waste, 
we see resources: 
we promote a 
circular economy’
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
GRI 302: Energy 
GRI 301: Materials
302-1 
302-3 
301-1
Energy Risk of 
unavailability of raw 
materials. 
  
Risks connected to 
climate change. 
 
Please see: 
Chap. 
 
‘Task Force on 
Climate-related 
Financial 
Disclosures - TCFD’ 
 
‘Risk Management 
Framework’ 
 
‘In waste, we see 
resources: we 
promote a circular 
economy’ 
 
‘We respect the 
environment in all 
our operations’ 
APPENDIX  
TABLE OF CORRELATION BETWEEN  EUROPEAN DIRECTIVE  95/2014/EU -  
MATERIAL ISSUES - GRI STANDARDS  
 
Below is reported a table of correlation between European Directive 95/2014/EU - material issues - GRI Standards:
Social Community 
engagement
Fair competition
Logistic and supply 
chain
Risks related to 
licences and 
operating permits. 
Please see: 
Chap. 
‘Risk Management 
Framework’ 
’We support our 
communities’
Compliance risks. 
Please see: 
Chap.  
‘Risk Management 
Framework’ 
‘Governance’
Risk of unavailability 
of raw materials. 
Health and Safety 
Risks. 
Some of the Group’s 
environmental and 
social risks extend 
to the supply chain.
Chap. “We support 
our communities”
Chap. 
‘Governance’
Chap. ‘How 
cement is made’ 
‘Value chain 
engagement’ 
‘We value our 
people’
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
GRI 413: Local 
Communities
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material  
Topics 2021 
GRI 206: Anti-
competitive behaviour
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
 
413-2
206-1
follow
-

Page 229:
227
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
Issue of European 
Directive 
95/2014/EU
Cementir material 
issue
Identified risks  
and managing 
methods
Policies adopted Relevant GRI 
standards
Reported 
disclosure
Notes
Staff-related Health and Safety
People 
management and 
development
Diversity 
management
Industrial  
relations
Human rights Compliance risks 
Please see: 
Chap. “We value 
our people” 
Health and Safety 
Risks  
Please see: 
Chap. “We value 
our people” 
Risks of loss of key 
personnel 
Please see: 
Chap. “We value 
our people”
Chap. “We value 
our people”
Chap. “We value 
our people”
Chap. “We value 
our people”
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
GRI 403 (2018): 
Occupational 
health and safety
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
GRI 401: 
Employment 
GRI 404: Training 
and Education
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material  
Topics 2021 
GRI 405: Diversity and 
Equal opportunities
403-1 
403-2 
403-3 
403-4 
403-5 
403-6 
403-7 
403-9
401-1 
404-1 
404-2 
404-3
405-1
Chap. “We value 
our people”
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
GRI 402: 
Labor/Management 
Relations
402-1
follow
Respect for  human rights
Chap. “We value 
our people”
GRI 2: General  
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material  
Topics 2021 
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 
406-1
Ethics, anti-
corruption and 
compliance
Compliance risks 
Please see: 
Chap. “The 
commitment to 
fight corruption” 
The fight against corruption
Chap. 
‘Governance’
GRI 2: General  
Disclosures 2021 
GRI 3: Material  
Topics 2021 
GRI 205: Anti-corruption
205-3
 
 
Rome, 11 March 2024 
 
Francesco Caltagirone Jr. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Page 230:
228
GLOSSARY 
 
Cement equivalent (TCE - Ton(s) of Cement Equivalent) : an indicator related to the plant’s production of 
clinker, calculated based on the produced clinker and on the average clinker/cement ratio for the year. 
CO2: an acidic oxide (anhydride) formed by a carbon atom bound to two oxygen atoms. Colourless, odourless 
and tasteless gas, heavier than air, which is formed in all the processes of combustion, respiration and 
decomposition of organic material, due to the total oxidation of the carbon and, in the cement industry, the 
decarbonation of limestone. It is an essential substance in the biological processes of plants and animals, but 
it is also responsible for the increase in global warming. Carbon dioxide, which allows sunlight to pass through 
unimpeded, absorbs infrared radiation emitted by the earth’s surface, causing the so-called ‘greenhouse 
effect’. The cement process emits CO2 from two sources: the calcination of raw materials (mainly limestone) 
and the combustion of fuels for heat production. 
g/TCE: grams per Ton of Cement Equivalent. 
Joule: unit of measurement of energy (one joule is the work required to exert a force of one newton for a distance 
of one meter). A gigajoule (GJ) is equal to 1 x 109 joules, while a terajoule (TJ) is equal to 1 x 1012 joules. 
Frequency rate: occupational Health and Safety indicator. Number of work-related injuries per hours worked 
(e.g. per millions of hours worked).  
Severity rate: occupational Health and Safety indicator. Working days of absence due to a work-related injuries 
per hours worked (e.g. per thousands of hours worked).  
Injury: work-related event due to unexpected and violent cause that results in partial or total inability to work 
or in the most severe cases, death. Commuting injuries are excluded. 
RDF (Refuse-Derived Fuel): a solid dry shredded fuel obtained by processing solid urban waste, generally 
collected in cylindrical blocks known as eco-bales. 
SRF (Solid Recovered Fuel): a solid dry shredded fuel obtained by processing solid urban waste compliant 
with European standard EN 15359. 
ISO 14001: A voluntary international standard, establishing the requirements of the environmental management 
system. ISO 14001 is a certifiable standard, meaning that certification of compliance with its requirements may be 
obtained from an accredited certification auditor. ISO 14001 certification is not mandatory but is the result of a 
voluntary choice by a company/organisation that decides to establish/implement/maintain/improve its 
environmental management system. The adoption of the ISO 14001 standard allows an organisation to identify and 
monitor the impact of its activities on the environment and improve its environmental performance by implementing 
a systematic approach that involves the definition and the achievement of specific environmental goals. 
ISO 45001: voluntary international standard, which establishes the requirements the occupational health and 
safety management system must meet. ISO 45001 is a certifiable standard, which means that certification of 
compliance with its requirements can be obtained from an accredited certification agency auditor. ISO 45001 
certification is not mandatory but is the result of a voluntary choice by a company/organisation that decides 
to establish/implement/maintain/impr ove its occupational health and safety management system.  
The adoption of the ISO 45001 standard allows an organisation to identify and monitor the impact of its activities 
on health and safety and improve its performance by implementing a systematic approach that provides for 
the definition and achievement of specific health and safety objectives. 
ISO 50001: a voluntary international standard which establishes the requirements for creating, implementing, 
maintaining and improving an energy management system. The aim of this system is to make it possible for 
an organisation to use a systematic approach to continuously improve its energy performance, including energy 
efficiency as well as energy consumption and use. 
ISO 9001: voluntary international standard which establishes the requirements of the quality management system.

Page 231:
229
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED
l/t: Litres per ton. 
l/TCE: Litres per Total Cement Equivalent. 
m3: Cubic metre. 
NO: Nitrogen oxide. 
NO2: Nitrogen dioxide. 
NOx: Nitrogen oxides (NO and NO2). 
SO2: Sulphur dioxide. 
‘Scope 1’ emissions: all direct emissions from the company’s own sources or those controlled by the 
company. 
‘Scope 2’ emissions: the indirect emissions of the company, those linked to the purchase of energy from 
sources controlled by another subject (e.g. electricity). 
 
EMISSION FACTORS USED 
To calculate the direct emissions of CO2 equivalents (Scope 1), the default CO2 emission factors of the Global 
Cement and Concrete Association were used. Please refer to the Global Cement and Concrete Association 
(GCCA) The Cement CO2 and Energy Protocol, Version 3 CO2 and Energy Accounting and Reporting Standard 
for the Cement Industry. 
 
To calculate the indirect emissions of CO2 equivalents (Scope 2), the emission factors provided by Ecoinvent 
3.7.1 were used. The Ecoinvent Database is a database that has emission factors linked to the electricity 
production mix of several countries around the world. 
 
To calculate the indirect emissions of CO2 equivalents (Scope 3), the emission factor databases used for this 
calculation were: Ecoinvent 3.8 for 2021, Ecoinvent 3.9 for 2022, BEIS&DEFRA(2021-2022) and IEA (2022).  
 

Page 232:
230


Page 233:
231
3
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 
LOOKING AT THE VALUE CREATED


Page 234:
232


Page 236:
Cementir Holding N.V. 
Registered Office: 36, Zuidplein, 1077 XV, Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
P: +31 (0) 20 799 7619 
Secondary and operational office: 200, Corso di Francia, 00191 Rome, Italy 
P: +39 06 324931 
Share capital: € 159,120,000 
VAT number: 02158501003 
Tax number: 00725950638 
CCI number: 76026728 - Netherlands Chamber of Commerce 
www.cementirholding.com
Design, Layout and Printing

