Page 1:
SUSTAINABILITY  
REPORT 2023

Page 2:
VISIONARY
AT CNH WE ARE COMMITTED TO THE PROMISE OF 
A BRIGHTER TOMORROW. OUR AMBITIONS ARE HIGH  
AND WE WORK TO ACHIEVE THEM EVERY DAY.

Page 3:
01
02
03
04
05
INTRODUCTION
 4 ___ CEO & CHAIR LETTER 
 8 ___ ABOUT CNH
ENVIRONMENT
 16 ___ SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS 
 24 ___ ENERGY  
 28 ___ ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 
SOCIAL
 36 ___ EMPLOYEES  
 58 ___ SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN
 62 ___ CUSTOMERS, SALES AND AFTER-SALES
 66 ___ LOCAL COMMUNITIES
GOVERNANCE
 74 ___ BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 76 ___ GOVERNANCE SYSTEM  
 80 ___ RISK MANAGEMENT 
 82 ___ INFORMATION SECURITY 
 84 ___ POLICY  
APPENDIX
 90 ___ MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 
 96 ___ REPORT PARAMETERS  
 102 ___ PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 134 ___ ASSURANCE STATEMENT 
 137 ___ GRI INDEX  
 140 ___ SASB INDEX  
 141 ___ CONTACTS

Page 4:
A MESSAGE FROM  
OUR CHAIR & CHIEF  
EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Page 5:
Over the past year, we made important progress in 
strengthening sustainability across our company, most 
meaningfully by providing products and services that make our 
customers’ businesses more efficient and productive. 
S i n c e  2 0 2 2 ,  o u r  fi r s t  y e a r  a s  a  f o c u s e d  a g r i c u l t u r e  a n d  
construction company, we further refined our understanding 
of where we could make the most positive impact, marrying 
our in-house ‘Great Iron’ expertise with our ‘Great Tech’ skill to 
develop machines that are smarter and more sustainable.   
Building upon this foundation, 2023 was a year characterized 
by the theme of 'Support’. This permeated every aspect of our 
operations and bolstered our efforts to serve our customers, 
empower our people, engage with communities and tackle the 
broader challenge of environmental stewardship. 
Three core areas of sustainability remain central to our business, 
operations and stakeholders, namely: Carbon Footprint; 
Circularity and Eco-Efficiency; and Inclusion, Equity and 
Engagement. This Report details our progress toward the 
focused targets we have established for each of these areas and 
also highlights the real-world impact of our sustainability efforts. 
The work we are doing is being recognized by the leading 
ratings agencies: we were admitted to the top 5% of the S&P 
Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment and were ranked 
second in the machinery and electric component category of 
the Dow Jones World and North America Sustainability Indices.
Our Sustainability Focus
Targets in action: 
our Global Operations in 2023
In 2023, our worldwide operations became more energy 
efficient, recovered more waste, became ever safer and reached 
major sustainability milestones. 
Underpinning this was the full implementation of the CNH 
Business System, which established practices in 2023 that drive 
continuous improvement by eliminating all forms of waste. 
This system is also instrumental in helping us to track progress, 
particularly in relation to our Focused 5 — key performance 
indicators which emphasize Customer, Safety, Quality, Delivery 
and Profit.
Thanks to the progress we made with these initiatives, 
we reduced our operation’s emissions by 35.5% last year 
c o m p a r e d  t o  2 0 1 8  a n d  a r e  t h e r e f o r e  c o n fi d e n t  o f  r e a c h i n g  
our target of a 50% reduction by, or hopefully even before, 
our 2030 deadline. A key component of achieving this goal is 
increasing the amount of electricity we use that comes from 
renewable sources, which at the end of 2023 stood at 63.4%, 
up 7% from 2022. At our site in Lecce, Italy, which produces 
construction equipment, we installed more than 7,000 solar 
panels, our largest photovoltaic installation to date. Generating 
4,500 megawatt hours of renewable electricity, these panels 
produce more than one-third of the electricity required at the 
site, reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 900 tons annually. 
We are ahead of schedule with our waste management target, 
having recovered 95% of our total waste in 2023 — our original 
forecast was a 97% reduction by 2030. The percentage of waste 
we sent to landfill last year was approximately 2% and in Brazil, 
all 4 of our production sites achieved zero waste to landfill. 
The safety of our 40,000 employees is always a top priority 
and we made further investments of $68.2 million in safety 
upgrades last year. We are very pleased to have already 
achieved our 2030 target of a 50% reduction in accident 
frequency with less than one injury recorded for every million 
hours worked in 2023. 
Beyond our direct operations, we place a high value on the 
integral role our suppliers play in ensuring transparency 
and traceability throughout our supply chain. Our Strategic 
Sourcing Program, launched in 2022, incorporates sustainability 
principles, specifically in relation to reducing carbon footprint, 
as we seek to embed these across our supplier base. 
CARBON 
FOOTPRINT
CIRCULARITY AND 
ECO-EFFICIENCY
INCLUSION, EQUITY 
AND ENGAGEMENT
01
INTRODUCTION
4 ___ 5
A MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Page 6:
Supporting Customers
It can be challenging for our customers to keep sustainability at 
the forefront of their thinking in the face of softening commodity 
prices, rising costs and environmental uncertainties. Doing our 
job well means shouldering more of that load for them. By 
delivering equipment and services that are more productive, 
but that also help our customers contend with environmental 
pr essur es  as  w ell  as  financial  and  labor  c onst rain ts,  w e  mak e 
their work not just more sustainable but more efficient, too.
Following the full integration of our Raven acquisition, 
we are now offering even better technology solutions 
across automation, Artificial Intelligence, machine learning 
and autonomy. A great example is the New Holland CR11 
combine harvester that we unveiled in 2023. This is the most 
technologically advanced model to date and what it delivers to 
the customer — and the benefits this brings to the environment 
— are impressive: a 25% faster harvest time; zero grain loss 
and higher grain quality; a 20-40% productivity increase; 20% 
lower fuel consumption; and reduced soil compaction. With its 
sophisticated automation, even less experienced operators are 
able to work as well as their seasoned peers, helping farmers 
deal with labor shortages. 
Further adding to our technology capability is the field analyzer 
produced by Augmenta, a company we acquired early in 2023. 
It uses multiple cameras to scan a field, sensing and measuring 
numerous characteristics including the levels of photosynthesis. 
This data is sent directly to the implement attached to a tractor, 
for instance a sprayer, which then automatically optimizes the 
application rates of water, pesticide and fertilizer, increasing 
both profitability and sustainability. 
W e  a l s o  c o n t i n u e d  t o  e x p a n d  o u r  r a n g e  o f  e q u i p m e n t  u s i n g 
alternative power, which in addition to its environmental 
benefits helps our customers’ efforts to farm and build 
productively. Our methane-powered tractor line-up, which 
now includes a higher horsepower model introduced in 2023, 
provides farmers with a means to repurpose or even monetize 
waste. To further support energy independence in farming, 
we became the majority shareholder in Bennamann, a British 
company that captures methane from slurry lagoons then filters 
and stores it for use or sale. We also launched several electric-
powered utility tractors as well as mini and compact excavators. 
All these machines generate significantly lower or, in the case of 
electric, zero emissions. 
We are committed to investing in technologies and innovative 
solutions such as these that deliver tangible, practical benefits 
both to our customers and the environment.
Supporting Our People
Our people are rightly at the heart of our drive to create a more 
sustainable CNH. Supporting their development benefits us 
all by giving them the tools and knowledge to help us better 
realize our goals. We provided more than 550,000 hours of 
professional training in 2023, empowering our employees to 
reach their potential. 
Just as importantly, we are halfway through our four-year 
program to transform our corporate culture, working together 
to deliver our Focused 5 results. We now have almost 650 
volunteers who act as Culture Champions to promote our 
beliefs and coach others across the company. 
CNH was named as a Great Place to Work in several of our 
markets — Argentina, Australia, Brazil, China, India, New 
Zealand and Thailand — demonstrating that we are successfully 
creating a workplace where people feel accepted, valued 
WE ARE COMMITTED 
TO INVESTING IN 
TECHNOLOGIES 
AND INNOVATIVE 
SOLUTIONS
550,000
HOURS OF PROFESSIONAL 
TRAINING 
IN 2023
A MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Page 7:
    CHAIR, CNH Industrial 
Suzanne Heywood
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CNH Industrial 
Scott W. Wine
and welcome. Our Employee Resource Groups help underpin 
this ambition. For example, our employee-led iGLOW group 
promotes inclusivity, growth and leadership opportunities for 
women in CNH, creating a community where women mentor 
and support each other on their career paths. 
Initiatives such as these are important as we promote the value 
of increased diversity across our workforce and support our 
e ff o rt s  t o  r e t a i n  a n d  f u rt h e r  d e v e l o p  t h e  t a l e n t e d  p e o p l e  w e 
already have. They are also helping us attain some of our key 
targets, such as having 20% of leadership roles in our company 
held by women in 2024. Having already reached 18% in 2023, 
we are well on the way to achieving that goal. 
Bringing more women into CNH was one reason for our new 
Employer Value Proposition, a recruitment approach designed 
to attract new and diverse talent from around the world. It is 
already having an impact as can be seen across our international 
R&D centers, which in 2023 hired 720 new engineers, 104 of 
whom are women. 
Supporting Communities
CNH strives to be a positive presence in the communities 
where we work, through efforts ranging from supporting 
skills development to biodiversity and environmental clean-
up projects. We invested $12.8 million in local communities in 
2023, with almost a third of this targeting activities focused on 
education and young people.
2023 also marked our eighth year of partnership with Team 
Rubicon, a veteran-led humanitarian organization that responds 
to natural disasters. In 2023, together with our dealer RPM 
Machinery, we held our latest training event in Kentucky, USA, 
where we provided volunteers with practical heavy equipment 
training and certification that will improve their ability to support 
relief efforts. Our experience with Team Rubicon was a key 
inspiration for us to launch a global Disaster Response Program 
in 2023. By working in collaboration with our regional dealer 
networks, we can provide equipment and expertise quickly and 
efficiently around the world in moments of dire emergency. 
As we close this letter and look ahead to 2024, we want to 
take the opportunity to thank all our employees who have 
contributed so much to the progress and results you see 
detailed in this report. 
2024 also marks the conclusion of our first strategic plan as 
the new CNH and we will be unveiling the next stage, as well as 
updates on our sustainability priorities, at our next Investor Day. 
We look forward to sharing our accomplishments and outlining 
our new plan in the next Annual Report. 
It is thanks to the support of you, our stakeholders, that we are 
able to do so much. You have our gratitude for your continued 
trust and partnership.
$12.8
MILLION INVESTED 
IN LOCAL 
COMMUNITIES IN 2023
720 
NEW ENGINEERS
HIRED IN 2023, 104 OF 
WHOM ARE WOMEN
01
INTRODUCTION
6 ___ 7
A MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Page 8:
ABOUT  
WE ARE LEADERS IN 
MACHINE AUTOMATION AND 
PRECISION TECHNOLOGIES, 
AND PIONEERS IN 
ELECTRIFICATION AND 
ALTERNATIVE FUEL 
SOLUTIONS FOR ALL TYPES 
OF EQUIPMENT.
OUR PURPOSE OF 
‘BREAKING NEW GROUND’ 
THROUGH INNOVATION, 
SUSTAINABILITY AND 
PRODUCTIVITY DRIVES 
EVERYTHING WE DO. 
WE ARE THE WORLD’S 
SECOND-LARGEST 
MANUFACTURER OF 
AGRICULTURAL MACHINERY 
AND A GLOBAL PLAYER IN 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT. 
2
ND
FACTS AND FIGURES
$24.7 
BILLION 
CONSOLIDATED 
REVENUES 
42 
MANUFACTURING 
PLANTS
40,220 
FULL-TIME 
EMPLOYEES
49 
R&D  
CENTERS
Note: figures are on a US GAAP $ basis and updated at the end of 2023 
as per Company’s 10-K Report.


Page 9:
WE OFFER A PORTFOLIO 
OF BRANDS SPECIALIZED 
IN PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
IN THE AGRICULTURE AND 
CONSTRUCTION SECTORS. 
THROUGH OUR FINANCIAL 
SERVICES BUSINESS WE DELIVER A FULL SUITE 
OF FINANCING AND AFTERMARKET SOLUTIONS. 
 CASE IH    
 NEW HOLLAND
 STEYR
 RAVEN
 FLEXI-COIL
 MILLER
 KONGSKILDE
 NEW HOLLAND CONSTRUCTION
 CASE CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT
 EUROCOMACH
 CNH CAPITAL
CONSTRUCTION
FINANCIAL  
SERVICES
10 
BRANDS
AGRICULTURE
01
INTRODUCTION
8 ___ 9
ABOUT  

Page 10:
SUSTAINABILITY  SUSTAINABILITY  
FACTS AND FIGURES
FISCAL YEAR 2023
MANUFACTURING  MANUFACTURING  
PLANTS OVERVIEW  
31 
ISO 45001 
CERTIFIED PLANTS
31 
ISO 14001 
CERTIFIED PLANTS
30 
ISO 9001 
CERTIFIED PLANTS
30 
ISO 50001 
CERTIFIED PLANTS
$68.2 
MILLION 
SPENT ON HEALTH 
AND SAFETY
$5.3 
MILLION 
INVESTED IN IMPROVING 
ENERGY EFFICIENCY
$30.6 
MILLION 
SPENT ON ENVIRONMENTAL 
PROTECTION
63.4% 
RENEWABLE 
ELECTRICITY ACROSS 
OPERATIONS
558,735 
HOURS 
OF EMPLOYEE TRAINING
$12.8 
MILLION 
INVESTED IN LOCAL 
COMMUNITIES

Page 11:
KEY
Target
Strategic Target  in line with plan  
SUSTAINABILITY  SUSTAINABILITY  
PRIORITIES AND STRATEGIC TARGETS
Our sustainability priorities of Carbon Footprint, Circularity and 
Eco-Efficiency, Inclusion, Equity and Engagement derive from 
the interpretation of stakeholders’ expectations and are aligned 
with the topics included in the Materiality Assessment.
The sustainability priorities are further driven by 2024 and 2030 
strategic targets. To achieve these goals, the strategic targets 
are included in the Company’s Strategic Business Plan, further 
underscoring our commitment to sustainability.
CARBON FOOTPRINT 
TARGETS 2023 RESULTS
 50% vs 2018 in CO2 emissions per hour 
of production at manufacturing plants by 2030 
 35.5% reduction vs 2018 in CO2 emissions 
per hour of production at manufacturing  plants
 90% of total electricity consumption 
derived from renewable sources by 2030
 63.4% of total electricity consumption 
derived from renewable sources
CIRCULARITY AND ECO-EFFICIENCY 
TARGETS 2023 RESULTS
 100% of new products developed using 
sustainability design criteria by 2024
 New Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) plan adopted. 
Pilot projects completed for combine and compact wheel 
loader LCA studies
 90% recyclability for products by 2030  In progress
 97% of waste recovered at Company manufacturing 
plants worldwide by 2030
 95% of waste recovered at Company manufacturing 
plants worldwide
 50% reduction vs 2018 of water withdrawal per 
hour of production at manufacturing plants worldwide by 2030
 33% reduction vs 2018 of water withdrawal per 
hour of production at manufacturing plants worldwide
 15% of net sales of spare parts from 
remanufactured components by 2030
 10.1% of net sales of spare parts associated 
with remanufactured components
INCLUSION, EQUITY AND ENGAGEMENT 
TARGETS 2023 RESULTS
 50% reduction vs 2018 in employee injury 
frequency rate by 2030  
 50% reduction vs 2018 in employee injury 
frequency rate
 20% of women in leadership roles by 2024  18% of women in leadership roles
 Annually increase female representation in total workforce   1% annual increase of women in the Company's 
workforce
 100% of employees worldwide involved in 
engagement surveys by 2024  
 74% of employees worldwide involved in 
engagement surveys
 100% increase vs 2018 in number of people 
who benefit from CNH's local community initiatives  
 More than 100% vs 2018 in number of people 
who benefited from CNH's local community initiatives
100% of Tier 1 suppliers involved in sustainability 
evaluations by 2024  
 99% of Tier 1 suppliers involved in sustainability 
self-evaluations
01
INTRODUCTION
10 ___ 11

Page 12:
Zero hunger
Good health and well-being
Decent work and economic growth
Reduced inequalities
Responsible consumption 
and production
Climate action
UNITED NATIONS  
SUSTAINABLE  
DEVELOPMENT  
GOALS (SDG s)
IN ALIGNMENT WITH THE UN 
GLOBAL COMPACT AND THE 
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 
GOALS, OUR SUSTAINABILITY 
INITIATIVES FOCUS ON DELIVERING 
AGAINST 6 SPECIFIC SDGs: 
SUSTAINABILITY  
RECOGNITION  
CNH CONTINUES TO BE RECOGNIZED 
AS ONE OF THE MOST SUSTAINABLE 
COMPANIES IN THE SECTORS IN 
WHICH IT OPERATES 
CNH supports the SDGs

Page 13:
ENVIRONMENT
CONNECTED
WE TAKE THE OPPORTUNITIES THAT OUR PLANET  
PRESENTS WITH CARE AND RESPECT.

Page 14:
ENVIRONMENT
 16 ___ SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS 
 24 ___ ENERGY  
 28 ___ ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 
02

Page 15:
OUR RESEARCH AND 
DEVELOPMENT (R&D) AND 
PRODUCT INNOVATION DELIVER 
AND SUPPORT WORLD-CLASS 
EQUIPMENT THAT CONTINUOUSLY 
REDUCES ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT 
WHILE ENHANCING CUSTOMER 
PRODUCTIVITY AND EFFICIENCY   
Our sustainable product R&D focuses on 4 main areas:
 A comprehensive decarbonization strategy to meet stringent 
regulations on emissions and address climate change. It 
includes achieving the highest internal combustion engine 
emissions standards while developing innovations for 
alternative fuels and electrification
 Digitalization and connected applications, supporting 
precision farming and construction solutions, and open data 
sharing
 Embedded automation, including seamless data management, 
digital fleet management and AI/machine learning
 Design for sustainability, including design optimization, 
manufacturing processes, materials selection and 
remanufacturing.
Scope 3 emissions for CNH come from off-road vehicle use by 
its customers and at 48.8 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent, 
represented more than 90% of the Company’s total estimated 
carbon footprint in 2023. As a result, optimizing machine 
design to reduce emissions is an engineering priority for our 
product development teams and we coordinate closely with 
key suppliers in pursuit of our shared sustainability objectives. 
Product design now focuses on product performance targets, 
with added emphasis on optimized fuel consumption, better 
energy efficiency and longer intervals between maintenance 
cycles. All of this helps reduce the environmental impact of 
our vehicles when they are in use, as well as the total cost of 
ownership (TCO), ensuring that designs are both sustainable 
and affordable for customers.
Efficient Powertrains 
Our primary engine supplier is FPT Industrial, which meets the 
highest internal combustion engine (ICE) emissions standards 
in each market that CNH vehicles are sold into. Emissions 
regulations worldwide now commonly include particulate 
matter (PM), nitrous oxide (NOx) and sulfur oxides (SOx), as 
well as greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide. Together, 
CNH and FPT perform rigorous emissions testing and submit 
samples and results to regional, state and local regulatory 
agencies as required. This ensures that each vehicle purchased 
by a customer meets all requirements and is supported by the 
CNH dealer network.
SUSTAINABLE  
PRODUCTS
PRODUCT   
DECARBONIZATION


Page 16:
Biomethane and Biofuels 
Biomethane is a naturally occurring gas derived from decaying 
b i o s o l i d s  o r  w a s t e  p r o d u c t s  a n d  c a n  p l a y  a  s i g n i fi c a n t  r o l e  
in achieving a circular economy. Biomethane comes from 
organic waste materials, such as agricultural biomass (crop 
residues, agricultural or animal waste, and waste from the food 
processing chain), or from municipal solid waste, all of which 
can be transformed into an energy resource. 
We consider biomethane a strategic fuel because of its 
potential to reduce fossil fuel use and emissions. In 2022,  
Ne w  H o l l a n d  u n v e i l e d  t h e  T7  Me t h a n e  P o w e r  L NG  ( l i q u e fi e d 
natural gas) prototype, the first tractor in the world to run purely 
on liquid methane. With up to 270 horsepower, the T7 provides 
the same power and torque capabilities of a traditional internal 
combustion engine tractor and also contains all our advanced, 
precision farming technologies. The high energy density of LNG 
means it does not require an extra fuel tank and compared to 
diesel, produces 80% fewer carbon monoxide emissions, 90% 
fewer non-methane hydrocarbons, 98% less particulate matter 
and 62% less nitrous oxide.
In the field, the T7 LNG has been shown to reduce emissions by 
878 tons of CO2e per year, which is comparable to 100 Western 
households. When fueled by methane produced from slurry, 
the T7 has a negative carbon footprint while in use, because its 
energy source would have otherwise gone into the atmosphere 
as a pollutant. Methane has a global warming potential (GWP) 
27.9 times that of CO2. 
Electrification
F o r  a g r i c u l t u r e  a n d  c o n s t r u c t i o n ,  v e h i c l e  e l e c t r i fi c a t i o n  i s  
an opportunity for better productivity, performance and 
s u s t a i n a b i l i ty .  Ou r  e l e ct r i c  t r a ct o r s  a n d  i m p l e m e n t s  a r e  fi tt e d 
with the technology to generate more abundant and precise 
data streams, and are instantly responsive, which supports 
more automated and autonomous operations, provides better 
operating control and delivers environmental benefits.
Electric vehicles (EVs) also make good business sense for 
many customers. Annual vehicle, fuel and maintenance costs 
can be reduced by up to 90% compared to diesel-powered 
equivalents. EVs offer considerable engine-noise reduction 
and can be operated indoors without concerns about carbon 
monoxide poisoning or the expense of scrubbing technologies 
to reduce pollutants.
In addition, Our EVs are more efficient. In many applications, 
traditional fossil fuel powertrains result in significant power 
loss through sequential gearboxes and mechanical drive 
components. An electric motor mitigates these issues because 
it has fewer moving parts and loses less energy to heat because 
it’s not operating the gears and clutch or performing mechanical 
braking. At a construction worksite, a backhoe loader or an 
excavator typically doesn’t dig nonstop throughout a workshift 
for 8 hours. While a diesel engine would be idling periodically 
during the job, an electric motor is employed intermittently, 
using energy on demand only when working.
Bennamann 
Bennamann, a British clean-energy 
company, is piloting a new approach to bring livestock 
farmers one step closer to a sustainable circular model of 
agriculture. Through an innovative partnership with CNH, 
Bennamann is providing farmers with infrastructure and 
equipment that captures the harmful methane emitted on 
their farms and enables it to be used to power the farm 
itself.
Under Bennamann’s system, manure from livestock is 
transferred to a covered slurry lagoon where methane 
emissions are captured, along with other polluting gases. 
These emissions are then cleaned, converted and stored as 
biomethane that can be used as a fuel for farm machinery, 
to generate electricity for the grid or to power the farm, 
reducing dependency on fossil fuels. The remaining solid 
by-products of the methane conversion process can also 
be used as a natural fertilizer, reducing the need for CO2-
intensive commercial fertilizers.
The impact on a farm’s carbon footprint can be significant. 
A 120-cow dairy farm operating shared methane capture 
technology can reduce its carbon footprint by 89%, based 
on data from on-farm trials in the UK. Methane capture 
also gives farms energy independence, reducing costs 
and even generating additional revenue from excess gas 
sold on the open market. 
02
ENVIRONMENT
16 ___ 17
SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS

Page 17:
Agriculture
In agriculture, our customers’ key needs are increased speed and 
productivity in operations, along with reduced fuel, operating 
and maintenance costs. Customers are looking for efficiencies 
through changes including precision application of fertilizers 
and chemicals, timely planting and seeding, and sustainable soil 
management.
In 2022, New Holland introduced the T4 Electric Power Tractor 
and CASE IH launched the Farmall Utility 75C Electric Tractor 
— both are fully electric with no internal combustion engine. 
They have many benefits: incredible responsiveness and better 
drivability, with smoother shuttling and gear shift, reduced 
noise and operating cost reductions of up to 90%.
CNH has also developed E-source, an external generator for 
tractors that provides electric energy to farm implements. In 
field operations, e-implements deliver a 35% reduction in fuel 
consumption and CO2, as well as 45% less noise. 
Construction
In construction, the key customer drivers for electrification are 
lower annual operating costs through reduced maintenance 
and fuel costs, as well as lower emissions and noise levels. 
Builders also seek the performance improvements delivered by 
high torque and rapid operator responsiveness in EVs.
I n  r e s p o n s e  t o  t h e s e  r e q u i r e m e n t s ,  N e w  H o l l a n d  r e c e n t l y  
unveiled the first fully electric mini excavator, the E15X Electric 
Power, and CASE Construction introduced the CX15EV. The 
E15X produces very little operating noise and is suited to a wide 
variety of uses, from agriculture and horticulture to landscaping, 
general digging and demolition tasks in indoor or confined 
workspaces.
CASE has been a leader in the backhoe industry since 1957 
and the brand has now launched the first fully electric backhoe 
loader in the industry, the 580 EV. The machine offers the same 
power and performance as a diesel-powered CASE backhoe 
loader, but with zero emissions and considerably reduced 
operating costs. The 580 EV backhoe loader will be available to 
buy from mid-2024. 
SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS

Page 18:
DIGITALIZATION  
AND CONNECTIVITY
DEVELOPING CONNECTIVITY AND 
DIGITAL SOLUTIONS TRANSLATES 
INTO TOOLS THAT ENABLE OUR 
BRANDS TO OFFER CUSTOMERS 
EVER MORE EFFICIENT, SUSTAINABLE 
AND SMART PRODUCTS TO SUPPORT 
THEIR BUSINESSES   
Precision Farming 
Precision farming focuses on near real-time observation, 
measurement and response to changes in crops, fields and 
animals. Farmers and food producers use sensor-based, 
automated and data-driven technology to manage crops and 
livestock, and make the best use of fertilizers, pesticides, feed 
and water.
We currently offer a comprehensive precision farming portfolio 
covering every aspect of the crop cycle, with digital solutions for 
both CNH brands and mixed fleets. These include a full range 
of GPS-powered guidance technologies, application control 
systems and machine displays for operators. For example, 
smaller tractors and supporting vehicles can now be fitted with 
lower-cost connectivity solutions to obtain basic machine data 
such as fuel level and geo-location. 
We also offer a range of aftermarket precision farming 
technology solutions through AGXTEND™, its own incubator for 
tech start-ups. The AGXTEND™ product range is designed to 
work with the Company’s existing precision farming platforms 
from CASE IH, STEYR and New Holland. It is also compatible 
with a vast range of competitor tractors, harvesting equipment 
and farming machinery.
Customer data management platforms — in many global 
languages — that provide desktop and mobile visualization 
and data-sharing capability are another important strand of 
digitalization and connectivity. 
CNH has also established a series of application programming 
interfaces (APIs) for qualified users through the Developer’s 
Portal. Here, service providers, farmers and food producers 
can link to the CNH cloud to obtain their machine and other 
agronomic data and feed it directly into their enterprise resource 
planning (ERP) platforms. 
Precision Construction
Construction telematics software, namely CASE’s SiteWatch™ 
and New Holland’s FleetForce™, provide measurable and 
actionable data on location, performance and fuel consumption 
for the best fleet management. By tracking each vehicle and 
measuring its performance, factors holding back productivity 
can be detected and corrected immediately to improve overall 
fleet performance. 
The software helps to identify problems before they occur 
and sends critical information in real time, which enables 
maintenance to be scheduled as needed, to minimize repair 
costs and downtime. The idle-time monitoring feature allows 
fleet managers to detect any inefficiencies and take immediate 
action to reduce costs and the environmental impact of 
machine idling. 
Both brands are also expanding their range of machine control 
solutions, which can significantly increase machine productivity 
by automating repetitive tasks with the utmost precision, 
preventing over-digging or undercutting while reducing fuel 
consumption and general wear and tear.
Additional AI and 
analytics capability: 
Augmenta 
Augmenta has developed a precision 
farming system that is helping farmers to work more 
sustainably by using fewer pesticides and reducing 
fertilizer use by an average of 5-8%.
The Augmenta Field Analyzer is fully autonomous and 
u s e s  a  m u l t i s p e c t r a l  c a m e r a  a n d  A r t i fi c i a l  I n t e l l i g e n c e  
(AI) capabilities to analyze field health inch-by-inch, then 
apply the optimal amount of product (such as nitrogen, 
plant growth regulator, harvest aid or fungicide) where 
needed. The system can be mounted on any tractor or 
sprayer and operates in real time, instantly calculating the 
required crop input rate and automatically applying it as 
the tractor moves along the field.
In one Australian trial, the Field Analyzer achieved a 6.2% 
reduction in fertilizer for canola and a 7.8% reduction for 
winter wheat, and achieved an average yield increase of 
11.2% for both crops. 
02
ENVIRONMENT
18 ___ 19

Page 19:
AUTOMATION
Agricultural automation has an important role to play in making 
food production more efficient and more environmentally 
friendly. It can raise productivity, build resilience, improve 
product quality and resource-use efficiency, reduce labor 
shortages, enhance environmental sustainability and facilitate 
climate-change adaptation and mitigation.
It is also becoming increasingly possible to automate the 
early diagnosis and decision-making phases using new digital 
technologies and automated equipment, through sensors and 
robots that rely on machine learning and AI. These technologies 
are enabling more precise implementation of agricultural 
operations and more efficient use of resources and inputs.
Autonomy in all its forms will enable farmers to pay off their 
machinery investments sooner through increased productivity 
and labor output, through more consistent field output, more 
timely operations and lower maintenance costs. Access to 
enough skilled labor during peak times (planting and harvest) 
is also increasingly problematic. 
2021 marked an important milestone in our work on automation 
when we bought Raven Industries, a leader in precision 
agriculture technology, building upon a long-standing 
partnership. Raven leverages the best of precision technology, 
machine learning and AI to create autonomous agriculture 
solutions that allow farmers to further optimize input efficiency 
and crop productivity. Its automation tools decrease the idle 
and transit times of agricultural equipment and reduce operator 
errors by eliminating the need for repeated or corrective passes 
in the field. They also drastically reduce crop or off-site damage 
due to misapplication of chemicals and provide machine 
performance information, enabling the further optimization of 
farming operations.
New Holland unveiled the new CR11 combine harvester at 
Agritechnica 2023 in Hanover, Germany, where it was awarded 
the only Gold Medal for Innovation at the 2023 Agritechnica 
Innovation Awards. The CR11 builds upon the success of the 
c u r r e n t  N e w  H o l l a n d  fl a g s h i p  c o m b i n e  r a n g e ,  l e d  b y  t h e  
CR10.90, which has held the world record for tonnage of wheat 
harvested in 8 hours (797.656 tons) for nearly a decade. 
The CR11 plays its full part in maximizing productivity by clearing 
fields quickly to protect quality, while ensuring the following 
year’s crop can be established in good time and under the right 
conditions.
CASE IH also developed the AFS Connect™ Magnum and 
Steiger tractors, further extending its range of tractors featuring 
ISOBUS Class 3 technology, a communication standard where 
input from implements can command certain tractor functions 
such as hydraulics. Additional improvements for customers 
include AccuTurn, which automates turning at the edge of 
fields (the 'headlands') t o minimiz e operat or fatigue and task 
complexity. The new AFS Vision Pro operating software offers 
a graphically rich command-and-control user interface on the 
vehicles’ AFS Pro 1200 display. This enables the automatic 
control of tractor functions, including steering, speed and 
hydraulics, resulting in improved operational execution and 
increased efficiency. Fully integrated AFS Connect™ technology 
provides real-time machine performance data to be displayed 
to remote management and vehicle support.
 
Cart Automation 
Raven Cart Automation™ syncs the 
guidance and movement of a tractor with a combine 
harvester, reducing grain spillage, avoiding collisions and 
simplifying the task of harvesting. The solution, available 
for CASE IH and New Holland vehicles, is particularly 
useful for new or less-skilled operators. 
OMNiDRIVE™ is an additional driverless solution that 
can summon a tractor to the combine, engage Raven 
Cart Automation, without a driver, empty the combine 
into the waiting cart and send it back to the truck once 
it is fully loaded. This frees up an operator for an entirely 
different task while virtually eliminating grain spillage, so 
maximizing efficiency while protecting farmers’ profits.

Page 20:
DESIGN FOR  
SUSTAINABILITY
We recognize there is great opportunity to drive sustainability 
by taking a holistic approach to R&D and product life-cycle 
management. Circularity is therefore an important part of our 
product focused sustainability targets within the Strategic 
Business Plan, including designing new products to be 90% 
recyclable by 2030 and 15% of net sales of spare parts to come 
from remanufactured components by the same year.
CNH also promotes the creation of more sustainable products 
by selecting components that have a lower environmental 
footprint during and after use, that are easy to disassemble, 
can be remanufactured and commercially replaced, and by 
aiming for longer scheduled service intervals and reducing the 
presence of regulated substances during operation.
Product Circularity
When designing components for new products, priority is given 
to the use of easily recyclable materials, especially recoverable 
metals such as aluminum and cast iron, thermoplastics and 
paints with low solvent content. Although we do not always 
purchase raw materials directly (except for steel used for direct 
processing), we constantly monitor our overall consumption 
efficiency.
We also monitor and optimize the recoverability and recyclability 
levels of our products. Through product life-cycle assessments 
(LCAs), we collect data on exact material composition and 
percentage breakdown, and estimate the recyclability rates for 
each material. Action is then taken to address the use of any 
component that falls below the 90% recoverability target.
Precautionary Principle
In accordance with our Environmental Policy and aligned with 
the Company's approach to product circularity, we believe 
that using resources efficiently and reducing environmental 
impacts are crucial strategies in creating added value for both 
CNH and the communities in which we operate. To this end, to 
anticipate potential risks that could impact the environment and 
human health, we apply a precautionary principle1 approach 
when designing our products, managing our manufacturing 
processes and defining logistics flows.
The product development process identifies, within its various 
phases, appropriate deliverables designed to anticipate future 
environmental regulations on product use, favoring the use 
of recycled materials and excluding the use of monitored 
hazardous substances. Furthermore, innovation projects carried 
out in partnership with leading universities across the world 
give us privileged access to the latest scientific developments 
regarding product.
Through a consolidated environmental management system 
and the implementation of the CNH Business System, we 
evaluate the magnitude and importance of all the impacts of 
our manufacturing processes. Moreover, the Company governs 
its processes and manages its environmental and social aspects 
systematically, aiming at continuous improvement. Many 
voluntary initiatives are carried out within plants to mitigate the 
environmental impact of manufacturing processes.
To further reduce the environmental impact of our logistics 
processes, we carefully consider appropriate solutions, such 
as type of transport, intermodality, long-haul transport and 
packaging design.
All of the above reflect our strong commitment to reducing 
our environmental footprint, using a life-cycle approach that 
involves all impact factors: from the selection and use of raw 
materials and natural resources, and their processing and 
delivery, to the management of product end-of-life, component 
remanufacturing and product disposal.
(1) Principle 15 of the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development, approved by 
the United Nations in 1992.
02
ENVIRONMENT
20 ___ 21

Page 21:
Remanufacturing 
CNH  R e m a n  i s  a  j o i n t  v e n t u r e  b e tw e e n  CNH  a n d  S p r i n g fi e l d 
Remanufacturing Corp. (SRC) that has been operational in 
the USA since 2009, providing remanufactured components 
to our dealers and customers. It combines CNH’s aftermarket 
s o l u t i o n s ,  p r o d u c t  e x p e r t i s e  a n d  a c c e s s  t o  e q u i p m e n t  a n d  
dedicated dealer networks with SRC’s remanufacturing 
operations, capabilities and expertise.
CNH Reman deals with parts including engines and engine 
components, electrical parts, electronics, air-conditioning, 
driveline, hydraulics and harvesting equipment. The division 
offers a full range of original replacement or service parts to 
cover and extend the entire life cycle of many of its products, 
accompanied by a broad selection of remanufactured parts. 
our dealers can now offer more products, like-new quality, 
extended warranties and extended value-chain participation, 
since remanufactured parts save the customer an average 30% 
on the purchase price.
The term “remanufacturing” refers to an industrial process 
that ensures the same standards of operational performance 
as new components, contributing to a virtuous cycle of fewer 
raw materials, less energy being used and fewer parts going to 
landfill. CNH Reman’s remanufacturing process uses 80% less 
energy than producing new parts. The aim is to ensure reliability 
and reduced vehicle downtime for customers at competitive 
prices. CNH’s remanufactured components also come with a 
24-month warranty — double that of original components.
According to internal data, we were able to lower our 
environmental impact by reducing our use of raw materials 
by about 4,749 metric tons in 2023, with a corresponding 
reduction in CO2 emissions, purely by remanufacturing and 
reusing components.
Until recently, CNH Reman has been primarily a North American 
joint venture, making more than 90% of global sales, with the 
remainder in Australia and Europe. Now, we are growing our 
European remanufacturing business to scale this sustainability 
success. The ambition in Europe is to increase the proportion 
of parts we recover for remanufacturing from 10% to 80% in 3 
years and to use 80% less energy, water and raw materials by 
remanufacturing rather than making new parts by 2030.
THE REMANUFACTURING PROCESS
IF NOT OK 
THE PART WILL BE RECYCLED OR DISPOSED OF
DISASSEMBLING INSPECTION ASSEMBLY TESTINGCORE REMAN COMPONENTCLEANING
90%
RECYCLABILITY 
FOR PRODUCTS BY 2030
2021
2022
(a) Excludes cores. 
SPARE PARTS NET SALESa 
FROM REMANUFACTURED COMPONENTS
CNH North America (%)
2023
10.1%
8.8%
9.3%
2021
2022
(a) Excludes cores. Exchange Sales.
SPARE PARTS NET SALESa 
FROM REMANUFACTURED COMPONENTS
CNH North America ($ million)
2023
171
127
159
SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS

Page 22:
Quality, Safety 
and Regulated Substances
Product quality 
Product quality control at CNH impacts all stages of a 
product’s life cycle, from initial design and build to after-sales 
management. Adopting a quality system compliant with 
standards such as ISO 9001 or ISO/TS 16949 creates a robust 
process and drives the continuous improvement of processes, 
products and services through clear targets, responsibilities 
and key performance indicators (KPIs).
One of the main KPIs monitored is the result of the Customer 
Quality Audit, based on tests conducted during product checks 
for customer usability. Another important quality indicator is 
Pre-Delivery Inspection, carried out at CNH brand dealerships 
prior to vehicle registration to ensure the customer receives a 
quality-assured product.
Production, Manufacturing Engineering, Quality, Purchasing 
and other brand functions share responsibility for the intrinsic 
quality of all product-related processes while promoting 
process improvements, flawless execution, problem-solving 
and sound decision-making.
Our Current Product Management (CPM) team launched a 
Product Improvement Program (PIP) that considers both 
technical factors and any impact on customers. The CPM 
team evaluates the safety aspects of every PIP by using 
tools such as the Safety Risk Assessment. The results of this 
assessment determine whether to launch a specific voluntary 
recall campaign. Once a voluntary recall campaign has been 
approved and prepared for release, it is introduced to our 
network, ensuring its rapid completion to minimize customer 
impact and maximize customer vehicle availability.
Product safety 
CNH’s Product Safety and Compliance (PS&C) Policy 
summarizes our commitment to designing, validating, 
manufacturing, selling and supporting safe products that 
comply with or exceed all applicable legal requirements. During 
2023, all product safety procedures were reviewed, enhanced 
and aligned with the PS&C Policy.
For e xample, all CNH tract ors are fitt ed with a F alling Object 
Protection System (FOPS) — a stronger, reinforced vehicle 
structure to shield both cab and operator against objects falling 
from above — and with Roll Over Protective Structures (ROPS) 
as a safeguard in the event of vehicle rollover. Tractors can be 
equipped with long-range video cameras connected to the 
on-board display, which transmit rear and side view images 
of the tractor operating environment. This increases safety 
considerably when operating large equipment or very long 
trailers prone to obstructed vision or blind spots, especially in 
bad weather or at night.
Regulated 
Substances 
We are committed to reducing or 
eliminating regulated substances from our manufacturing 
operations and through a product’s expected use period. 
Under certain laws, such as EU REACH Regulation No. 
1 9 0 7 / 2 0 0 6  a n d  E U  R o H S  D i r e c t i v e  N o .  2 0 1 1 / 6 5 ,  w e  a r e 
collecting detailed information from our supply chain on 
individual substances contained in parts and whole goods.
W e  h a v e  d e fi n e d  e n g i n e e r i n g  s t a n d a r d s  i n  t h e  p r o d u ct 
development process for our design engineers and 
suppliers to ensure real-time information on prohibited 
substances and regulations that address substances 
which are potentially harmful to human health and the 
environment. Suppliers are required to submit substance 
information before parts can be accepted through the 
Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) requirements. 
Any restricted substances are automatically rejected 
using our data management and analysis system. In 
addition, CNH regularly requests suppliers to update their 
substance information, especially when there are new 
substance restrictions and declarations.
We also register and report product sales according 
to local country recycling regulations to provide our 
customers with the proper channels to recycle electrical 
equipment, batteries and packaging materials. CNH 
is actively involved with trade associations that have 
coordinated meetings with industry participants to 
promote the collection and management of such 
information across common supply chains.
We work with suppliers to consider strategic initiatives 
and coordinate on choosing alternative materials to the 
minerals that are restricted substances but considered 
critical.
02
ENVIRONMENT
22 ___ 23
SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS

Page 23:
We are constantly working to reduce our energy consumption 
and CO 2 emissions, adopting more efficient products and 
processes and introducing both conventional and innovative 
technical solutions. We’re also substituting fossil fuels for energy 
from renewable sources.
Our energy transition is supported by robust energy 
management. In 2023, we invested more than $5.3 million in 
improving our energy performance. The result has been a fall in 
energy consumption of more than 60 TJ and more than 4,100 
tons1 in CO2 emissions in 2023.
Throughout the year, CNH continued to apply the Internal 
Price of Carbon (IPoC) methodology, a strategic tool that helps 
evaluate investments in terms of CO2 emissions reductions. We 
use the IPoC to classify and prioritize energy saving projects 
based on their ability to generate the greatest reductions in 
relation to the investment. This sum gives a global carbon price 
per ton of CO2. Based on historical-data analysis, our global 
carbon price is about $175 per ton of CO2.
ENERGY
(1) The types of energy included were fuel, electricity, and heating. 
The energy consumption reduction value was estimated as per the International 
Performance Measurement and Verification Protocol (IPMVP), volume 1 
(January 2012). The estimated CO2 value includes scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. 
Values expressed in tons refer to metric tons (1,000kg).
ENERGY  
MANAGEMENT
4,100 tons 
REDUCTION
IN CO2 EMISSIONS 
IN 2023


Page 24:
CNH’S GLOBAL ENERGY TEAM 
SETS OUR GUIDELINES AND  
TARGETS AND MANAGES THE 
BUDGETS. IT COMPRISES MORE  
THAN 60 ENERGY SPECIALISTS  
At the end of the 2023 certification period, 30 of our plants 
retained their ISO 50001: 2018 standard certificates. 
To cut energy use effectively and efficiently, we need to know 
how much we use. Our regular energy audits help us identify 
where we can make the biggest improvements. In 2023, we 
completed 30 third-party energy audits. 
We train our people in ways that will help us reduce our energy 
use. Last year, we provided approximately 5,400 hours of 
training to 10,800 people on the ISO 50001 energy management 
system, showing how best to monitor and manage energy 
performance. We also trained certified internal auditors.
Another important element of our energy management 
system is the specific energy saving targets for each region 
and manufacturing facility. In EMEA, for example, our 
Zedelgem plant in Belgium reduced its energy consumption by 
outperforming the 2023 target by 17%. Similar targets were set 
for all CNH plants globally in 2023.
We also continued to voluntarily monitor and report greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions and energy consumption in compliance 
with the Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard of 
the WBCSD2 and WRI3 (GHG Protocol). GHG inventory under 
our annual verification process is performed according to ISO 
14064-3 by a third-party verifier.
(2) World Business Council for Sustainable Development.
(3) World Resources Institute.
ENERGY  
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
30 
ISO 50001
CERTIFIED PLANTS
02
ENVIRONMENT
24 ___ 25

Page 25:
Our focus on energy performance isn't solely on the long term. 
Last year, we implemented a total of 104 short and medium-term 
initiatives to cut our energy use. These included redesigning 
processes, converting and retrofitting equipment, operational 
changes to new installations and increased employee awareness. 
Specifically, we invested over $5.3 million in efficiency projects, 
generating more than $2 million in savings. Approximately 
$0.9 million (17% of the total investment) was spent installing 
LED lighting technology, with much of the balance financing 
the installation of inverters, high-efficiency motors, intelligent 
machinery stand-by systems and set-point regulation 
adjustments according to operational requirements.
Energy Consumption 
In 2023, CNH reported total energy consumption4 of 3,532 
TJ — a decrease of approximately 6.6% year-on-year. When 
our energy performance is measured by total internal energy 
consumption divided by total manufacturing hours, our energy 
use improved by approximately 2.2%.
ENERGY  
PERFORMANCE
(4) Types of energy included: electricity, heat, natural gas, diesel and other fuels.
2023 
Solar Panels 
Key to reducing our CO 2 emissions 
is meeting our target for 90% of total electricity 
consumption to come from renewable sources. To this 
end, we are installing solar panels at our sites around the 
world. Between 2020 and 2021, solar installations came 
online at five sites — Belgium, Brazil, Canada, India and 
Mexico. By 2024, nine plants will have solar panels. By 
2030, all of our plants will be powered by 90% renewable 
e l e c t r i c i t y ,  a n d  b y  2 0 4 0 ,  t h e  m a j o r i t y  w i l l  b e n e fi t  f r o m  
photovoltaic systems. 
In 2023, our site in Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 
doubled its on-site energy production by adding a further 
718 solar panels. The combined solar array provides 
approximately 12% of the electricity needed by the plant 
while reducing GHG emissions by 300 tons annually for 
the Company. All the electricity produced is used on-site. 
At the same time in Lecce, Italy, we completed our largest 
photovoltaic installation to date. The project includes  
7,110 panels, provides 4,500 MWh of renewable electricity 
per year — approximately 34% of the electricity required 
by the Lecce plant — and reduces our GHG emissions by 
approximately 900 tons annually.   
63.4%
OF ELECTRICITY 
FROM RENEWABLE SOURCES
ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION FROM RENEWABLE SOURCES
CNH worldwide (%)
2021
2022
2023
63.4%
51.3%
59.2%
Target 2030 
90%

Page 26:
CO2 Emissions 
In 2023, our CO2 emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) were 206,181 
tons5, a 12% increase on the previous year. We used more energy 
because we produced more. When we divide our Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions by our total manufacturing hours — a key 
performance indicator — our consumption was approximately 
8.3% lower than the previous year. 
Furthermore, our use of renewable energy as a proportion 
of our total increased to 63.4%, cutting CO 2 emissions by 
approximately 62,000 tons.
Painting has the greatest environmental impact among our 
manufacturing processes when it comes to emissions of 
volatile organic compounds (VOCs). As a result, in addition 
to monitoring CO2 emissions, we also monitor nitrogen oxide, 
sulfur oxide and inorganic particulate matter emitted by 
burning fossil fuels. All these can affect the climate, ecosystems 
and human health.
Safeguarding Air Quality 
Alongside the GHG emissions associated with our energy use, 
we also monitor those linked to the hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) 
compounds found in our air-conditioning and cooling units, 
and in our machinery and fire extinguishers. We are pleased to 
note the potential emissions from these substances (CO2e) are 
negligible. In fact, with an incidence of 0.11%, they fall outside the 
reporting scope6.
We monitor the VOC emissions from our manufacturing 
processes by the square meter painted with the aim of reducing 
them. We also monitor the emissions of nitrogen oxide, sulfur 
oxide and inorganic particulate matter emitted by burning fossil 
fuels.
(5) Value stated as per the market-based methodology of the GHG Protocol. 
Conversion factors sources IPCC vol.2 2006 for Scope 1 and IEA 2023 and supplier 
emissions factors for Scope 2.
(6) Details on the reporting scope are available in the chapter on Report Parameters 
(see pages 95).
MORE DETAILS ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX 
(SEE PAGE 103-104). 
(a) CO 2 is the only significant GHG within CNH’s processes. The base-year (2018) 
CO2 emissions per total manufacturing hours are equal to 0.0085 tons/total 
manufacturing hours. The indicator includes Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, as per 
the market-based methodology of the GHG Protocol. KPIs include only emissions 
from manufacturing processes.
DIRECT AND INDIRECT CO2 EMISSIONS 
PER MANUFACTURING HOURa
CNH worldwide (tons of CO2/manufacturing hours)
2021
2022
2023
Target 2030 vs 2018 
-50% in CO2 KPI
0.0055
0.0063
0.0059
8.3% 
REDUCTION
IN CO2 EMISSIONS 
PER TOTAL MANUFACTURING HOURS
VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS (VOC) EMISSIONSa
CNH worldwide (g/m2)
2021
2022
2023
38.7
41.3
39.8
(a) The base year (2018) VOC emissions are equal to 48.2 g/m2. 
02
ENVIRONMENT
26 ___ 27
ENERGY

Page 27:
AT CNH WE ARE CONTINUOUSLY 
IMPROVING THE ENVIRONMENTAL 
FOOTPRINT OF OUR PRODUCTION 
PROCESSES BY ADOPTING BOTH 
CONVENTIONAL AND NEW 
TECHNOLOGIES TO MITIGATE ANY 
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT 
Our overall investment in environmental protection was  
$30.6 million in 2023. It breaks down as follows: approximately 
$20.9 million on waste disposal and emissions treatment, 
and almost $9.7 million on prevention and managing the 
environment. We also spent a total of $6.1 million on initiatives 
to reduce our environmental impact; improvement projects and 
other measures generated $0.9 million in cost savings. 
As of December 31, 2023, 30 CNH plants were ISO 9001-certified. 
Our central Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) team 
manages environmental issues in line with our Environmental 
Policy. The team implements improvements at the local level, 
measures performance against targets, proposes new initiatives 
and defines environmental policies. 
Managers’ performance reviews include individual 
environmental impact reduction targets where appropriate, 
with the aim of developing and replicating best practices.
All our operating manufacturing plants that fall within the  
scope of the Sustainability Report are ISO 14001 certified.
Our performance is validated by a series of external third-party 
audits, carried out by accredited bodies, with annual monitoring. 
Certification is renewed every 3 years. In addition, plants must 
carry out an internal audit every year to verify the performance 
of their environmental management system. 
Engagement and Awareness Activities
CNH is committed to promoting the principles of continuous 
improvement and environmental management. In 2023, CNH 
provided 31,592 hours of environmental training, of which 
28,656 were on-the-job training to 21,628 employees, 88% of 
whom were hourly.
Examples include awareness training on water-efficiency 
management programs, waste reduction opportunities and 
best practice.
ENVIRONMENTAL  
MANAGEMENT
$30.6
MILLION SPENT 
ON ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION


Page 28:
(1) The production unit corresponds to the hours of production. Total manufacturing 
hours are used to calculate the normalized production unit indicator. 
WATER  
MANAGEMENT
MORE DETAILS ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX 
(SEE PAGE 105). 
CNH draws water principally for industrial use, including for 
painting, cooling, washing and machining. Our goal is to 
increase water efficiency across all our industrial processes and 
we monitor the following KPI to this end:
When we increase the use of recycled water we can reduce the 
amount we draw from external sources. This improves not only 
our water independence, but also water’s availability for local 
communities. 
The impact on water resources is an integral part of each 
plant’s environmental assessment and 30 ISO 14001-certified 
plants have a water management plan in place. CNH’s Water 
Management Guidelines require all plants to:
 Analyze the management of water withdrawal, its distribution 
systems and its consumption to identify and eliminate leaks 
and waste
 Identify specific performance indicators and benchmarking 
for all the different manufacturing processes 
 Identify the manufacturing processes with the greatest impact 
on water resources and prioritize the necessary interventions
 Adopt changes and technological innovations to boost water 
use efficiency, reduce consumption and improve the quality of 
any wastewater
 Promote the recirculation of water within individual 
manufacturing processes and reuse water in multiple 
processes
 Raise staff awareness of responsible water use, both at work 
and at home.
In terms of water drawn per production unit1, the key KPI for 
2023 dropped by almost 2.5% compared with 2022. 
A t  C N H  w e  t a k e  o u r  r e s p o n s i b i l i t y  t o  s a f e g u a r d  t h e  fl o w  o f  
wastewater from our industrial processes extremely seriously. 
The substances of concern (SoC) restricted by local law are 
always a priority and each plant is required to treat its associated 
discharges accordingly. 
Our plants do not use wastewater generated by other 
organizations. Nor do they channel their waste for reuse by 
other organizations. 
WATER DRAWN PER PRODUCTION UNITa
CNH worldwide (m3/total manufacturing hoursb)
2021
2022
2023
0.040
0.051
0.041
(a) The base year (2018) water drawn is equal to 0.060 m3/hours of production. 
(b) Total manufacturing hours are used to calculate the indicator per hour of 
production. 
50% 
REDUCTION OF 
WATER DRAWN 
/HOUR OF PRODUCTION 
VS. 2018 BY 2030
64% 
OF WATER
RECYCLED
02
ENVIRONMENT
28 ___ 29

Page 29:
Plants in Water-Stressed Areas
Our plants in Querétaro, Mexico, and in Greater Noida and 
Pithampur, India, are classified as being in sensitive areas when 
it comes to the availability and use of water (commonly referred 
to as water-stressed areas2). We identified these using the WRI3 
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.
In 2023, all 3 plants made further progress in reducing their 
water consumption using targeted measures and initiatives, 
a n d  b y  s e t t i n g  s p e c i fi c  i m p r o v e m e n t  t a r g e t s .  T h e  p l a n t  i n  
Querétaro, for example, installed additional water meters in 
production areas to continually monitor consumption and 
establish countermeasures.
In India, the Greater Noida plant increased the proportion 
of recycled water it uses thanks to continual technological 
improvements and installation upgrades to its wastewater 
treatment recovery recycling system.  
Meanwhile, the plant in Pithampur moved away from 
underground water pipelines to above-ground systems and 
collected and reused rainwater for construction projects.
(2) Areas with a baseline water stress that is high (40-80%) or extremely high (>80%) 
and with an overall water risk that is high (3-4) or extremely high (4-5), according 
to the WRI Aqueduct Risk Atlas tool, as of December 5, 2018.
(3) World Resources Institute.
MEXICO
QUERÉTARO
INDIA
GREATER NOIDA
PITHAMPUR
LOCATION OF FACILITIES NEAR/BORDERING SENSITIVE AREAS CNH worldwide 
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT

Page 30:
Our commitment to optimizing waste management is company-
wide and we seek solutions that promote waste recovery and 
minimize our contribution to landfill. The methods adopted to 
improve our waste management — in order of preference — are 
waste recovery, waste-to-energy and waste treatment.
CNH has the following goal for waste management: 
In 2023, we recovered 95% of our total waste generated. The 
p e r c e n t a g e  o f  w a s t e  s e n t  t o  l a n d fi l l  c o n t i n u e d  t o  i m p r o v e ,  
falling to approximately 2%. In terms of waste generated per 
production unit4, the total waste indicator marginally increased 
by 3%, compared with 2022.
(4) The production unit corresponds to the hours of production. Total manufacturing 
hours are used to calculate the normalized production unit indicator. 
MORE DETAILS ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX 
(SEE PAGE 105). 
CNH Business 
System (CBS) 
In 2022, we launched the CNH Business 
System (CBS), which has been designed to focus our 
business processes around our customers and simplify 
key results to unlock value. The program applies Lean 
methodologies to improve performance by eliminating 
waste and drive greater accountability, agility, efficiency 
and safety for all employees.
CBS supports both strategy development and a rigorous 
senior management process to drive transformational 
change in our business. It also includes the Daily 
Management System, a simple visual process that promotes 
our Cultural Beliefs and ensures staff receive the resources 
needed to deliver on customer demands. Both these 
approaches use Kaizen (a Japanese business philosophy 
of continuous improvement of working practices), Lean 
toolsets and Root Cause Problem Solving at the point of 
impact to boost performance and enhance our ability to 
achieve our sustainability goals.
In 2023, we rolled out the Daily Management System at 
major plants and depots and continued to train employees 
in Lean Toolsets and Root Cause Problem Solving. We 
also hosted hundreds of Kaizen events and a significant 
number of projects and quick improvements that involved 
thousands of employees. The CBS program will be 
extended beyond manufacturing to support employees 
in every facet of the business as it evolves.
(a) Waste recovered is determined as the sum of waste diverted from disposal and 
waste incinerated with energy recovery, calculated as a percentage of total waste 
generated.
WASTE RECOVEREDa CNH worldwide (%)
2021
2022
2023
95.56%
94.36%
96.53%
Target 2024 
95%
97% 
WASTE 
RECOVERED 
AT PLANTS BY 2030
WASTE GENERATED PER PRODUCTION UNITa
CNH worldwide (kg/hours of productionb)
2021
2022
2023
4.30
4.36
4.19
(a) The base year (2018) waste generated is equal to 5.12 kg/hours of production. 
(b) Total manufacturing hours are used to calculate the indicator per hour of production. 
02
ENVIRONMENT
30 ___ 31
WASTE  
MANAGEMENT

Page 31:
Opportunities and Actions 
to Improve Waste Management
Every CNH manufacturing site closely monitors its waste 
management and is always looking for ways to improve. Each 
s i t e  has  spec ific  act i on  plans,  s uc h  as  r educ i ng  and  d i v ert i ng 
waste sent to landfill by increasing recycling options, increasing 
waste to energy where viable, while investigating new service 
providers and technologies.
Protecting Biodiversity
CNH is committed to supporting biodiversity and ecosystems 
and our primary focus is currently on our own operations. 
However, over time, it is important we develop expanded 
initiatives in partnership with key stakeholders, including 
suppliers and business partners.
CNH’s current projects aimed at protecting and improving 
biodiversity include:
 Integrating our biodiversity assessment with management 
strategy through our EHS policy
 Conducting biodiversity risk assessments on all CNH 
operations to ensure priority areas are strictly controlled and 
managed
 Conducting business to avoid harmful operational activities 
near sites containing globally or nationally important 
biodiversity areas. This includes sites near, in or on the IUCN 
Red List, UNESCO World Heritage areas, Ramsar wetlands, 
UNESCO MAB and biosphere reserve areas, and IUCN 
Category I-IV protected areas. 
Biodiversity Risk Assessment
CNH’s biodiversity risk assessments have 2 distinct phases: 
desktop analysis using the specific WWF Risk filter suite; and 
on-site assessments using our Biodiversity Risk Evaluation 
(BRE) methodology. 
The results are used to shape next steps and any action 
necessary to manage biodiversity in a responsible way. Overall, 
we aim to:
 Apply the ‘Mitigation Hierarchy’ as a step-by-step process
 Avoid — prevent negative impacts on biodiversity
 Minimize — reduce the intensity of impacts on biodiversity 
that are unavoidable
 Restore — rehabilitate degraded ecosystems 
 Offset — compensate for the loss of biodiversity.
Monitoring Biodiversity at CNH Sites
We use the Biodiversity Value Index (BVI) methodology to 
assess manufacturing sites bordering protected areas of 
environmental interest. We undertake an in-depth study 
of ecosystems within a 5-kilometer radius of the relevant 
manufacturing sites and use the methodology to assess the 
biodiversity and identify possible measures for improvement.
CNH has integrated this with a methodology focusing only on 
the activities and impact of its plants and on the potential risks 
they pose to biodiversity and natural resources.
14%
REDUCTION IN
HAZARDOUS WASTE
GENERATED PER HOUR OF PRODUCTION
HAZARDOUS WASTE GENERATED PER PRODUCTION UNITa
CNH worldwide (kg/hours of productionb)
2021
2022
2023
0.25
0.27
0.29
(a) The base year (2018) hazardous waste generated is equal to 0.35 kg/hours 
of production. 
(b) Total manufacturing hours are used to calculate the indicator per hour of 
production. 
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT

Page 32:
The BRE methodology involves assessment of the following key 
aspects:
 Assets — resources available in the region: protected areas, 
areas with high biodiversity value, protected species
 Footprint — the impact of plant activities on biodiversity in 
terms of use of resources and polluting emissions
 Awareness — the level of environmental awareness among 
plant employees and stakeholders in the region.
From this, we produce a map of risks, expressed in terms of 
potential damage to biodiversity. We then draft improvement 
measures, which are implemented based on the scores assigned 
to each risk. This methodology offers a way to standardize 
indicators and make consistent comparisons between the risk 
maps of our different plants.
Where we have applied these methodologies, we have found 
that biodiversity and ecosystem services were subject to 
i n s i g n i fi c a n t  l e v e l s  o f  r i s k  a n d  i m p a c t  o v e r a l l .  A l t h o u g h  n o  
specific improvement measures were required, CNH has and 
continues to implement improvement initiatives to protect 
biodiversity within and around our plants. To date, we have 
reviewed about 40% of our relevant plants and will review the 
remainder over the coming years.
Other Environmental Indicators
We are also working to reduce other environmental impacts 
from our operations, most notably from hazardous substances 
and noise.
In 2023, none of our CNH plants received fines or sanctions for 
non-compliance related to ecological or environmental issues 
(including water).
Substances of Particular Concern 
for Health and the Environment
C N H  i s  c o m m i t t e d  t o  fi n d i n g  s u b s t i t u t e s  f o r  s u b s t a n c e s  
identified as of particular concern to health and the environment. 
In recent years, we have researched alternative solutions for 
products used in our painting processes that contain heavy 
metals. In addition, we are more broadly committed to reducing 
the use of chemicals and to using them sustainably with a view 
to protecting the environment, cutting waste and achieving 
cost savings.
External Noise Generated by Plants
When it comes to noise pollution, we encourage plants to adopt 
procedures set out in their environmental management systems 
and follow guidelines issued in previous years (for example, 
design and buy new, low-noise machinery).
Protecting the Soil and Subsoil
CNH strives to minimize the risk of any adverse environmental 
impact on the soil and subsoil. In Europe, for example, plants 
periodically monitor and inspect underground pipes and tanks. 
MORE DETAILS ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX 
(SEE PAGE 106). 
02
ENVIRONMENT
32 ___ 33
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT

Page 33:
SOCIAL
CARING  
WE FILL THE FUTURE WITH POSSIBILITES. OUR  
TECHNOLOGY CONTRIBUTES TO ENHANCING EVERYDAY  
LIFE IN THE COMMUNITIES WHERE WE OPERATE.  

Page 34:
03
SOCIAL
 36 ___ EMPLOYEES  
 58 ___ SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN
 62 ___ CUSTOMERS, SALES AND AFTER-SALES
 66 ___ LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Page 35:
WE FINISHED 2023 WITH 40,220 
EMPLOYEES, 150 MORE THAN AT 
THE END OF 2022. THE DIFFERENCE 
WAS MAINLY DUE TO AN INCREASE 
OF ABOUT 280 EMPLOYEES 
FOLLOWING CHANGES IN SCOPE 
OF OPERATIONS AND THE GAP 
BETWEEN TOTAL NEW HIRES 
AND DEPARTURES 
The year was shaped by our investments. We took a majority 
stake in Bennamann, the UK-based solutions expert in the 
capture, repurpose and storage of fugitive methane emissions 
f o r  e n e r g y  u s e .  W e  a l s o  a c q u i r e d  H e m i s p h e r e  G N S S ,  t h e  
global satellite-navigation technology leader, and Augmenta, 
a technology specialist in selective spraying capabilities, which 
expanded our Sense and Act capabilities. Beyond acquisitions, 
we divested our businesses in Russia and also sold our 
Undercarriage business unit.
Staff levels were also increased due to investments in precision 
technology and research and development personnel to 
strengthen the pool of skills and competencies as new technology 
is introduced. This includes electrification, autonomous driving, 
alternative propulsion solutions, digitalization and cloud web-
based software technologies. We also inaugurated a new plant 
at Cesena, Italy, which is dedicated to producing mini excavators 
and mini track loaders, including electric models. 
North America accounts for the majority of new hires, at 
4 7 %  o f  t h e  t o t a l ,  f o l l o w e d  b y  E u r o p e ,  a t  2 7 %  ( a l l  fi g u r e s  a r e  
approximate). Approximately 43% of new hires were under 30 
years old. Female employees accounted for 24%, while male 
employees accounted for 76%. In 2023, 85% of new hires were 
employed under no-term contracts. We continued to offer 
transfers between our different businesses and internationally, 
and 2023 saw nearly 80 CNH employees move country. Some 
120 moved between our businesses but within the same country.  
As for people leaving, the highest percentage left in North 
America (42%), followed by Latin America (27%), while the age 
group to see the most leavers was 30-50 (51%).
EMPLOYEES
EMPLOYEES  
IN NUMBERS   
EMPLOYEE TURNOVER CNH worldwide (no.)
2023 2022
Employees at January 1 40,070 37,763
New hires 6,358 8,806
Departures -6,492 -5,840
Scope of operation 284 -659
Employees at December 31 40,220 40,070
Turnover (%) -16.1 -14.6
New hires (%) 15.8 22.0


Page 36:
We converted 794 contracts into no-term contracts, 16% of 
which were held by female employees. Fixed-term hiring takes 
place in response to a temporary need and is done in line 
with any applicable laws and the provisions of collective labor 
agreements (CLAs). At the end of the year, agency contracts 
accounted for 2,105 CNH staff; 59% were in Europe, 8% in North 
America, 1% in Latin America and 32% in the rest of the world. 
Around 1.6% of our workforce is employed part-time, of which 
approximately 33% are women.
MORE DETAILS ON EMPLOYEE TURNOVER 
ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGES 107-112). 
TOTAL WORKFORCE CNH worldwide 
BY GENDER
82% 
MEN
18% 
WOMEN
2021
2022
2023
3.9
7.4
5.6
96.1%
92.6%
94.4%
No-term Fixed-term 
FIXED-TERM AND NO-TERM CONTRACTS
CNH worldwide (%)
TOTAL WORKFORCE CNH worldwide (no.)
16% 
under 30
61% 
30 to 50
23% 
over 50
19% 
Latin America
12% 
Rest of World
30% 
North America
39% 
Europe
BY AGE GROUP
BY REGION 
03
SOCIAL
36 ___ 37
EMPLOYEES

Page 37:
Diversity and Inclusion
Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) is of strategic importance to CNH 
and as such its governance lies with our senior leaders. Our 
Chief Executive and Chief Human Resource1 Officers co-chair 
q u a r t e r l y  r e v i e w s  t o  d i s c u s s  o u r  p l a n s  a n d  p r o g r e s s .  S e n i o r  
leaders are given specific D&I targets every year as part of the 
annual Performance Management Process. In addition, CNH’s 
Board annually reviews our D&I plans to make sure they reflect 
our core values and objectives.
O u r  D & I  e ff o r t s  a r e  s t r u c t u r e d  a r o u n d  4  k e y  p i l l a r s :  C u l t u r e ,  
Commerce, Career and Community 2. Overseen by our 
dedicated, global D&I team, these pillars provide a framework 
for us to systematically address and advance our D&I objectives. 
Initiatives are designed to meet quantitative targets and foster 
a more inclusive, equitable work environment in every aspect of 
our business — from internal culture to community engagement. 
Together, we recognize the value and strength in diversity and 
strive to make CNH a leader in this field.
Our D&I Progress
In 2023, women made up 18% of CNH’s global workforce  
(+ 1% vs 2022) and held 18% (+1 vs 2022) of leadership roles.
 New global ERG program providing infrastructure to connect 
employee-led groups to company activities and support their 
administration needs.
 New ERGs launched in each of our regions, with increased 
employee participation.
 Dedicated training and mentoring for women in all regions.
 Gender pay-gap analyses in select markets.
 Training to extend to all employees in 2024.
LABOR  
PRACTICES
(1) In January 2024, CNH’s Chief Diversity and Inclusion, Sustainability and 
Transformation Officer assumed the role of Chief Human Resources Officer as part 
of corporate restructuring.
(2) Reference: 4C ERG ModelTM by Dr. Robert Rodriguez.
MORE DETAILS ON DATA FOR GENDER, DISABILITY, NATIONALITY AND 
ETHNICITY/RACE ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGES 113-115). 
INCREASE THE REPRESENTATION 
OF WOMEN IN THE WORKFORCE 
YEAR-ON-YEAR
EXPAND PARTICIPATION 
AND SCOPE OF EMPLOYEE 
RESOURCE GROUPS (ERGs)
INSTITUTIONALIZE GENDER 
EQUALITY PRACTICES 
ON CAREER AND COMPENSATION 
20% OF WOMEN IN 
LEADERSHIP ROLES BY 2024
100% EMPLOYEES 
TRAINED IN UNCONSCIOUS 
BIAS AND “SPEAK UP” BY 2024 
(a) For more information on employee categories, see page 98.
FEMALE EMPLOYEES CNH worldwide (%)
23% 
Latin America
10% 
Rest of World
32% 
Europe
35% 
North America
20% 
Salaried
2% 
Manager
35% 
Professional
43% 
Hourly
BY REGION 
BY CATEGORY a 

Page 38:
Culture
We celebrate and share different cultures around the world.
 Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) in all 4 of our regions help 
employees achieve their ambitions through networking and 
training across CNH. An expanding range of ERGs (gender, 
veterans, LGBTQIA+, multicultural and disability) support 
broad diversity within our organization — they serve as both a 
source of community for their members and as change agents 
within CNH and beyond.
 Unconscious bias training to embed awareness and tools for 
inclusivity within our Company culture.
Commerce 
We apply a D&I mindset when we engage with and provide 
value to our customers. 
 Launch of the New Holland TL5 Acessível, the world’s first 
accessible tractor.
 New Holland Construction Juntas Para Construir operator 
equipment training for women. 
When we introduced the world’s first accessible tractor to help farmers with 
lower-limb disabilities work independently in fields, we also offered training to our 
New Holland employees in Brazil about inclusive behavior and accessibility for 
people with disabilities. 
EMEA employees from the Gender Equality and Alliance Resource Group 
(EQuALLity) on a 2-day visit to the New Holland Field Academy in Toulouse, France, 
to see our T7.300 tractor. They learned about our Methane Tractor alternative fuel 
strategy and saw our PLM Precision Technology in action.
38 ___ 39
03
SOCIAL

Page 39:
Non-Discrimination
CNH rejects all forms of discrimination based on race, 
ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, personal or social status, 
health, physical condition, disability, age, nationality, religious 
or personal beliefs, political opinion and against any other 
protected group. Our public commitments to D&I can be found 
in our Human Capital Management Guidelines, Human Rights 
Policy and D&I Commitment statement. Our Code of Conduct 
and policies ensure the same standards are applied worldwide, 
in line with differing legislation and levels of awareness, concern 
and ability to apply the principles of non-discrimination. 
Through our third-party Compliance Helpline, individuals can 
report situations in which they have a good-faith belief that 
any circumstance or action has violated our Code of Conduct, 
global policy or applicable law. In 2023, 13% of Compliance 
Helpline matters investigated were related to discrimination and 
harassment.
Career 
We use dedicated initiatives to develop our talent pipeline and 
foster professional growth and career advancement.
 Ongoing training and mentoring programs in all regions 
support women’s career progression at all levels — from 
production to senior manager and above.
 iGLOW ERG hosted our 2nd annual North American Women’s 
Leadership Summit.
 Our all-female production line in Pithampur, India, bridges 
the gender diversity gap on the shop floor and establishes a 
culture of inclusivity.
Community  
We support the communities where we operate and promote 
careers to attract diverse talent. 
 Our educational projects and recruitment opportunities foster 
a more diverse future workforce.
 Our new Employer Value Proposition (EVP) branding 
promotes inclusivity so we can continue to build and grow a 
diverse organization.
 Employee volunteerism connects our employees with their 
local communities to share their skills and encourage mutual 
learning. 
Project Udaan provides 4 years of engineering college scholarships to socio-
economically disadvantaged women in India. The program includes a 600-hour 
curriculum focused on technical skills and advanced technology. It also provides 
training on soft skills, communication, English proficiency, career readiness and 
corporate etiquette. In 2023, we helped 10 female students.
The 2nd annual iGLOW Women’s Summit connected and empowered 100 women 
employees over 2 days of networking and presentations.
EMPLOYEES

Page 40:
Compensation and Benefits
Compensation 
We compensate staff through a progressive system based on 
equitable criteria and follow market-driven benchmarks when 
it comes to base salary, benefits and short and long-term 
incentives. This ensures fair and objective treatment for all our 
staff worldwide. When compensation adjustments are made, 
we focus on closing the gap between actual and market pay, 
while prioritizing top performers. CNH is also reviewing gender 
pay gaps in selective markets, while in the UK, we publish a 
gender pay gap analysis. 
Individual performances are evaluated through our performance 
management program and results affect the variable element 
of compensation. We also employ a formal process to monitor 
h o w  o u r  c o r e  e q u i t y  a n d  f a i r n e s s  p r i n c i p l e s  a r e  r e fl e c t e d  i n  
compensation levels, annual salary reviews and promotions. 
These reviews are based on standard criteria and allow 
managerial discretion only over a small portion of the annual 
salary and bonus for eligible employees. Taken together, these 
measures ensure our total compensation approach guarantees 
equal treatment for all, regardless of age, gender, race, religious 
belief or other factors.
Local Minimum Wages
In many countries, minimum wage levels are established by law. 
In others, variations are driven by region, state or other criteria. 
Where no specific law exists, for example in Italy, Germany 
and Belgium, a minimum wage is established by collective 
bargaining agreements between employer associations and 
trade union representatives. When this happens, pay and 
conditions are negotiated at regional or national levels, with 
other agreements potentially available at Company level. 
Giv en  minimum  wage  le v els  are  based  on  specific  economic, 
social and political circumstances, direct cross-border 
comparisons are not meaningful. We instead evaluate wage-level 
data by country. In 2023, we did this for countries representing 
99.5% of our employees and found entry-level wages3 were at 
or above the statutory minimum or non-company collective 
labor agreements, as shown in the following graph.  
(3) In accordance with the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards), 
an entry-level wage is defined as the full-time wage in the lowest employment 
category, on the basis of Company policy or agreements between the Company 
and trade unions. Interns and apprentices are not considered. For each country, 
results are based on the sector with the lowest entry-level wage. Figures reported 
are as at October 31, 2023.
2023 COMPARISON BETWEEN ENTRY-LEVEL WAGE AND MINIMUM WAGEa CNH worldwide (minimum wage = 100)
(a) Data reflects the effect of exchange rates. 
Italy 100
Austria 105
France 106
India 109
Belgium 110
112South Africa
Australia 113
Germany 113
Canada 114
UK 120
Sweden 121
Poland 124
Brazil 133
Switzerland 134
Spain 148
Mexico 162
Uzbekistan 176
USA 185
China 192
Thailand 218
Argentina 295
100 
Minimum wage
in each country
03
SOCIAL
40 ___ 41
EMPLOYEES

Page 41:
Employee Benefits 
CNH’s competitive range of benefits are normally available 
to all full-time employees and, in many countries, to part-time 
or temporary employees, too. Benefits differ according to an 
individual’s level, country of employment and local policy. 
As of October 31, 2023, we conducted a survey of 99% of our 
workforce worldwide at all our major sites on the availability and 
adoption of our benefits (including pension plans, supplemental 
health plans, financial support for those with accident-related 
permanent disabilities, life insurance and employee cafeterias 
or meal vouchers). The results are shown below. 
Our survey found that approximately 94% of employees were 
eligible for a supplementary pension plan and 77% had joined 
one (representing 73% of the total population surveyed). 
In addition, nearly all CNH divisions offer supplemental health-
care plans, mostly insurance-based. Coverage varies from 
country to country depending on the public healthcare system, 
tax and regulatory restrictions and local market conditions. 
According to the survey, approximately 96.3% of employees 
were also eligible for a supplementary health plan and about 
83% of the eligible workforce had joined one. 
Our social benefits aim to enhance employee wellbeing and 
v ary  b y  r egion  and  count ry .  A t  some  sit es,  w e  offer  inclusiv e 
spaces to support employee wellbeing specifically while on-
site. These include lactation spaces for new mothers, wellness 
and prayer rooms.
Mobility 
Management 
in EMEA 
CNH collaborates with local authorities 
and public transport companies on initiatives for 
sustainable mobility across Europe. For example, in Turin 
(in partnership with Iveco Group) and in San Matteo, 
Modena, Italy, we provide a dedicated shuttle service 
for employees between work and nearby strategic 
points. The innovative service, called MYshuttle! , has 
approximately 2,000 registered users and is accessed 
via an app. Employees can book shuttle rides on demand 
and in advance. In Italy, we also subsidized 81 public 
transport transit passes and relaunched the UP2GO app 
to encourage carpooling. The app was launched in 2023 
in the UK, is now available to employees at nine CNH 
sites and has 100 active users. Finally, during European 
Mobility Week, CNH organized “Biking New Ground” in 
Italy, Belgium and Austria. This one-week event aims to 
change behavior and encourage employees to cycle to 
work. Ten sites and 1,086 participants took part (+65% 
compared to the 2022 event), reinforcing a sense of 
inclusivity and wellbeing — aspects that make commuting 
more sustainable.
EMPLOYEES ENTITLED TO BENEFITSa CNH worldwide (%)
                                                         
Financial Benefits 2023 2022
Supplementary pension plans 94.0 94.6 
Supplementary health plans 96.3 97.5 
Life insurance 88.8 83.9 
Financial support for disability 88.3 88.1 
Employee cafeterias or meal vouchers 66.4 67.8 
Other 28.3 37.1 
Social Benefits 
Childcareb 53.2 54.8 
Sports facilitiesc 8.1 7.4 
Wellness and nutrition programsd 64.6 66.0 
Othere 60.7 62.2 
(a) Data as of October 31 of each year. 
(b) Includes kindergartens, summer camps/holidays and other childcare services. 
(c) Includes free gym access, gym/fitness courses and other sports initiatives. 
(d) Includes nutrition coaching, training on how to stop smoking, medical check-ups, medical screening and other wellness programs. 
(e) Includes benefits such as Company cars, fuel reimbursement and transport allowance.  
EMPLOYEES

Page 42:
Flexible Working 
CNH offers flexible working to employees according to local 
customs and regulations. This includes flexibility and leave for 
childcare, care for the elderly, education and other personal 
requirements. Flexible working hours, including part-time 
employment, allow employees to balance their time when 
needs arise. 
In 2023, we carried out a survey4 o n  t h e  u p t a k e  o f  fl e x i b l e  
working hours, parental leave and other forms of leave. We 
found that approximately 87.2% of the employees surveyed 
took advantage of flextime. Uptake by region is shown in the 
chart below.
When we surveyed uptake of other types of leave — between 
November 2022 and October 20235 — we found that 5,189 
employees (13% of our total workforce) took leave to care for 
family members, for personal treatment and care (excluding all 
forms of compulsory leave for illness), for study or sabbatical 
leave. We also found that 18.6% of the leave exceeded 
the provisions set by law and 13.1% was granted to female 
employees.
These benefits are part of our corporate philosophy that aims for 
a healthier, more motivated workforce that actively participates 
in the success of CNH.
(4) Survey of all CNH employees, excluding hourlies, carried out on October 31, 2023.
(5) Survey of all CNH employees carried out on October 31, 2023.
87.2% 
OF EMPLOYEES
SURVEYED TOOK 
ADVANTAGE OF FLEXTIME
TYPE OF LEAVE TAKEN CNH worldwide (%)
11% 
Education 
88.3% taken by 
male workers
32% 
Personal care 
29.8% taken 
by female workers
57% 
Family-related 
21% taken by 
female workers
FLEXIBLE LEAVE UPTAKE CNH worldwide (%)
Europe
Rest 
of World
Latin 
America
North 
America
100%
83.6%
69.7%
92.8%
03
SOCIAL
42 ___ 43
EMPLOYEES

Page 43:
Parental Leave 
Parental leave is a key part of our commitment to equal 
opportunities as it encourages employees to balance parental 
responsibilities with their careers. We grant parental leave to 
all employees and comply with local regulations (labor law 
requirements may vary from country to country), collective 
labor agreements and our own policies. 
When we reviewed our parental and care leave policies, the 
minimum maternity leave offered (for birthing mothers) was 
10 weeks paid (12 weeks leave) and the highest, under legal 
obligation, was 26 weeks. For paternity leave, the minimum paid 
leave offered was 5 days and the highest 4 weeks, for which 37% 
of our employees were eligible (51% were eligible for at least 10 
days). For adoption leave, the minimum was 4 weeks paid leave 
and the maximum 26 weeks. The policy review covered 76% of 
CNH’s workforce6.
In 2023, 1,527 employees, approximately 3.9% of our staff, took 
maternity, paternity, adoption or breastfeeding leave7. The 
majority of this was for paternity leave (69%), with maternity leave 
accounting for 24.1% and breastfeeding leave 6.7%. We gave 
adoption leave twice. Among the total workforce, parental leave 
was most frequent in Europe (4.9%) and in Latin America (3.6%).
(6) The survey was sent to the 5 countries with the highest percentage of CNH 
employees and represents policies from each of our 4 operating regions. 
(7) Survey of leave taken covering the period from November 1, 2022, to October 31, 
2023.
MORE DETAILS ON PARENTAL LEAVE TAKEN 
ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGES 117-118). 
We continued to offer the children of our employees a chance to qualify for grants 
based on their level of academic excellence. We do this through our long-standing 
grants and scholarship program, known as the Sergio Marchionne Student 
Achievement Awards. The program is open to students with a high school or 
university diploma or a university degree in countries where we have a significant 
presence. In 2023, we awarded 158 grants and scholarships, totaling approximately 
$162,000 to employees’ children worldwide.   
PARENTAL LEAVE TAKEN (BY REGION AND BY GENDER) 
CNH worldwide (%)
29% 
Female workers
71% 
Male workers
18% 
Latin America
10% 
Rest of World
23% 
North America
49% 
Europe
BY REGION
BY GENDER
EMPLOYEES

Page 44:
(8) Chile, Denmark, Ireland, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, Switzerland, Ukraine.
Industrial Relations
CNH works with trade unions as stakeholders at the local, 
national and transnational level to pursue an open dialogue 
on market trends and areas for collaboration, such as health 
and safety, training, and diversity and inclusion, through joint 
committees.  
Freedom of Association
CNH recognizes and respects the right of its employees to be 
represented by trade unions or other representatives according 
to local relevant legislation. In 2023 (figures as at October 31, 
2023), we carried out a survey on union membership in most 
of the countries where we operate. Given that freedom of 
association is regulated by country-specific legislation, we 
were unable to survey countries where union membership is 
considered an employee’s personal and private choice. 
At time of survey, 88 countries were excluded due to data privacy 
protection (accounting for 18% of CNH’s employees), while 
5 countries (accounting for 0.5% of the population mapped) 
had no emplo y ees affiliat ed with a trade union. Ho w e v er , the 
absence of trade union affiliation does not stop employees from 
setting up their own representation bodies with information, 
consultation and negotiation rights. 
35%
61%
4%
70%
83%
17%
87%
66%
62%
(a) 100% of each country mapped.
(b) Figures for Italy updated as at December 31, 2023.
2023 UNION MEMBERSHIP CNH worldwide (%)
Countrya
Union membership
Non-Union membership
Poland 65%
UK 39%
Sweden 96%
Italyb 30%
USA 17%
Canada
Mexico 83%
South Africa 13%
Brazil 34%
Argentina 38%
12%88%
03
SOCIAL
44 ___ 45
EMPLOYEES

Page 45:
Representative Bodies
Representative bodies are normally elected by workers at their 
respective plants. By law or applicable collective agreements, 
these bodies have the right to be informed, consulted and/or to 
enter negotiations on the following:
 Workplace health and safety
 Wages
 Benefits
 Operational issues including working hours, shifts, 
collective variations
 Training
 Equal opportunities
 Company restructuring
 Collective redundancies.
In North America, representative bodies are only present where 
a trade union is already established. Within the European Union, 
companies and/ or sites where employee numbers exceed the 
m i n i m u m  l i m i t s  s p e c i fi e d  b y  n a t i o n a l  l a w s  o r  p r o c e d u r e s  a r e 
expected to establish employee representative bodies.
Worldwide, approximately 66% of our employees are covered 
by representative bodies. Our October 31, 2023, study found 
no employee representative bodies in 8 of the countries 
(accounting for only 0.7% of the workforce surveyed).
European 
Works Council 
CNH qualifies as a European Community-
scale group, making it subject to 
regulations designed to improve 
employees’ rights to information and consultation via 
a European Works Council (EWC). The EWC is made 
up of 19 members from 11 EU member states. It was 
originally established in July 2015 under Dutch law. A new 
agreement between the EWC and CNH was reached on 
November 23, 2021, in view of the demerger of CNH’s on-
highway business. It was ratified on December 17, 2022. 
The EWC Select Committee deals directly with CNH 
management.
One of the committee’s joint projects is a training program 
that will be run with the International Labour Organization 
(ILO) in Turin and IndustriAll-Europe. The EU-funded 
program will train 34 CNH staff — including CNH EWC 
members, CNH EU Industrial Relations and HR managers 
— and cover four topics of joint interest:
 The EU legal framework on EWCs and international 
labor standards
 Information and consultation on the green and just 
transition
 Key skills for analyzing Company data
 Information and consultation on the digital transition. 
66%
OF EMPLOYEES
COVERED BY 
REPRESENTATIVE BODIES

Page 46:
Joint Committees
The October 2023 survey showed that 88% of our employees 
were represented by occupational health and safety joint 
committees (committees made up of CNH and worker 
representatives).
In Italy, the health and safety joint committees at plant/site level 
i n c l u d e  s t a ff  s e l e c t e d  f r o m  t h e  e m p l o y e e  h e a l t h  a n d  s a f e t y  
representatives, a CNH representative, the Human Resources 
(HR) Manager or representative and the Head of the Prevention 
and Protection Service. These committees meet at least once a 
month and are responsible for the information and consultation 
duties required by Italian law. They also have specific rights to 
prior consultation and the power to make proposals on:
 Implementation of health and safety programs 
 Introduction of new technologies particularly when it comes to 
the health and safety of workers
 Analysis and evaluation of workstation ergonomics.
The survey also found that other joint committees addressing 
equal opportunities, training and pay represent 20%, 25% and 
5% respectively of the employees surveyed. More than 48% of 
those surveyed were represented by joint committees dealing 
with other issues, including:
 Peer review committees for suspension and termination — at 
several locations in the USA
 Joint committees for the management of apprenticeships 
and for social issues relating to individual workers — in various 
countries
 Joint committees on housing, employee transportation, 
childcare and cafeterias — in various countries.
MORE DETAILS ON JOINT COMMITTEES 
ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGE 119). 
88%
OF OUR EMPLOYEES 
SURVEYED WERE
REPRESENTED BY OCCUPATIONAL
HEALTH AND SAFETY JOINT COMMITTEES
03
SOCIAL
46 ___ 47
EMPLOYEES

Page 47:
Collective Bargaining Agreements
On December 31, 2023, collective bargaining agreements 
covered more than 55% of CNH employees. This is an average 
fi g u r e  b a s e d  o n  l o c a l  p r a c t i c e s  a n d  r e g u l a t i o n s .  I t  s h o u l d  b e 
noted that 100% of the agreements reached in 2023 were 
signed with unions or employee groups representing more than 
30% of our employees.
In 2023, CNH signed a total of 93 agreements at either Company 
or plant level; 12 included provisions on health and safety. In 
L a t i n  A m e r i c a ,  h i g h  i n fl a t i o n  i n  A r g e n t i n a  a n d  a  d e c r e a s e  i n  
accumulated inflation (INPC) in Brazil during the period posed 
s i g n i fi c a n t  c h a l l e n g e s  a n d  h e r e  s a l a r y  a d j u s t m e n t s  w e r e  t h e  
main theme of negotiations. Many rallies called for an adequate 
percentage of wage increases to compensate for the increase 
in inflation, which directly affected the business at this sensitive 
economic time. Despite these challenges, negotiations took 
place without affecting our operations.
MAIN WAGE AND REGULATORY AGREEMENTS CNH worldwide
                                                         
Country Main Wage and Regulatory Agreements
Italy
National collective bargaining agreement signed with the trade unions FIM, UILM, FISMIC, UGLM and AQCFR were 
renewed for the period January 1, 2023, to December 31, 2026. The economic element is regulated for the years 2023 and 
2024 only. In the first two years of the CLA 2023-26, an overall increase higher than inflation is expected. In addition, there 
is an economic increase of the “management function allowance” for white-collar professionals, a lump sum payment 
split into two tranches — April and July, 2023 — and, for the year 2023, the recognition of an amount in welfare/flexible 
benefits. The regulation of the collective performance bonus for 2023-24 mostly meets that of the collective bonus 
applied on an experimental basis in 2022.
A National Observatory of Industrial and Organizational Policies has been created to monitor how CNH manages its 
ecological transition. At the same time, the participation system based on Joint Commissions was also strengthened.
A joint working group was established within CNH — Iveco Group to look at an incentive system linked to professional skills.
France Above-inflation wage increases.
Poland
Agreements at the Płock and Kutno plants in February 2023 provide structural increases above inflation and for variable 
monthly pay based on compliance with safety regulations, as well as improvements in how the existing working-time 
flexibility scheme is applied.
USA
Some 1,000 hourly production employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the United Automobile, 
Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America until May 2, 2026. 
Additionally, some 800 production employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the International 
Association of Machinists until April 28, 2024.
Canada A small number of employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers Local Union 
No. 5917 until April 15, 2026.
Brazil
Agreements on pay increases based on the National Consumer Price Index (INPC) aim to align pay increases, benefits 
and working conditions with those applied across the country’s industrial sector. Profit-sharing agreements have been 
negotiated for payouts based on productivity, quality and continuous improvement targets.
Sorocaba and Curitiba signed agreements on the dismissal of 400 and 200 workers respectively who were paid hourly. 
Piracicaba and Contagem negotiated a collective hours bank agreement for this and next year. Sorocaba agreed to an 
above-inflation increase in pay for 2024. 
Argentina With inflation running at more than 100%, negotiations are quarterly and essentially reset inflation. Other negotiations 
are based on flexible working conditions.
EMPLOYEES

Page 48:
Grievances on Labor Practices
In 2023, there was 1 collective dispute involving works councils, 
employee representative bodies or unions, which was resolved. 
Minimum Notice Period for Operational Changes
Management of Production Levels 
CNH worked with trade unions and employee representatives 
throughout the year to reach consensus-based solutions for 
managing market conditions. 
2023 saw a decline in demand for agricultural machinery, 
especially for tractors. In the first part of the year this slowdown, 
which can be attributed to a drop in commodity prices, was 
most notable in low and medium-power tractors, produced at 
Jesi, Italy. As a result, the plant suspended production for a few 
days each month from April to adjust production volumes to 
lower demand. In the final quarter of the year, the St. Valentin, 
Austria, and Basildon, UK, plants, which produce medium-
power and high-power tractors, also reduced operations.
Production schedules at our plants in Modena, Italy, Antwerp, 
Belgium, and Croix, France, which produce agricultural 
components, mostly mirrored those at the final assembly plants. 
The overall EMEA production of combine harvesters was 
slightly down vs 2022. 
Market volumes in the construction equipment sector were 
very strong in the first quarter . At the Lecce and Sampierana, 
Italy, plants, we increased production thanks to overtime and 
temporary workers. A number of these workers were ultimately 
made permanent. In the second quarter , and even more so in 
the third, demand started to slow.  
Across Brazil, we saw lower production, which led to 
additional redundancies. In Argentina, import limitations led 
to a restructuring in October, with layoffs in November and 
December until the return from the holiday period. 
Restructuring and Reorganization
CNH announced a restructuring in 2023 to enhance operational 
efficiencies and optimize our organization. As part of this 
initiative, we initiated a 5% headcount cost reduction.
The economic backdrop in Europe demanded we review 
various Company functions. As a result, we launched a voluntary 
redundancy scheme in November in Italy that attracted 50 staff, 
who left 31 January 2024. 
In Latin America, lower production necessitated restructuring 
plans for all our sites. These included negotiated agreements 
for redundancies, bank hours and compensation days to avoid 
more dismissals during the year.
Labor Unrest
During 2023, the Company faced labor unrest only in Europe 
and the USA. 
In Belgium, France and Italy there were respectively 7, 9 and 4 
days of strikes due to national protests promoted by the major 
unions in the countries against general issues such as retirement 
reforms and government intervention on social matters.
In the USA, there were 2 strikes in Burlington, IA, and Racine, WI, 
which ended in January 2023 when an agreement was reached 
on the new labor contract.
SEE THE TABLE IN THE APPENDIX 
(SEE PAGE 120). 
SEE THE TABLE IN THE APPENDIX 
(SEE PAGE 121). 
03
SOCIAL
48 ___ 49
EMPLOYEES

Page 49:
CNH involves all employees and their representatives in 
the development, implementation and evaluation of the 
occupational health and safety management system by:
 Arranging periodic meetings
 Consulting them to identify hazards, assess risks, define 
controls and preventive measures, and analyze incidents 
(presenting such activities at the above-mentioned meetings)
 Consulting them when it comes to the development and 
revision of occupational health and safety objectives and 
policies
 Listening to their feedback on the preventive measures 
adopted, on the organization of the occupational health and 
safety management system and on working methods and 
procedures.
We use consolidated monitoring and reporting systems to track 
health and safety performance and measure the effectiveness 
of actions taken to achieve targets. These systems also manage 
KPIs to plan new improvement initiatives.
CNH sets ambitious annual targets for occupational health and 
safety to protect employee health and provide a safe work 
environment. These targets are based on the particular nature 
of the work, experience and technical advancement. 
C N H  a l s o  c a r r i e s  o u t  o n g o i n g  h a z a r d  i d e n t i fi c a t i o n  a n d  r i s k  
assessments for both routine and non-routine activities. We 
modify activities, materials and processes, focusing in particular 
on the design (or redesign) of work areas and work organization. 
T h e  e ff e c t i v e n e s s  o f  t h e s e  a c t i v i t i e s  i s  c h e c k e d  p e r i o d i c a l l y  
through internal audits and management reviews. 
OUR APPROACH TO OCCUPATIONAL 
HEALTH AND SAFETY CENTERS 
ON MINIMIZING RISK WITH EFFECTIVE 
PREVENTION AND PROTECTION 
MEASURES. OUR SAFETY 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ENCOURAGES 
STAFF TO EMBRACE A CULTURE 
OF ACCIDENT PREVENTION 
AND RISK AWARENESS SO THEY 
CAN IDENTIFY AND REPORT 
WORK-RELATED HAZARDS AND 
HAZARDOUS SITUATIONS  
Our safety management system inspires employees to 
create a culture of accident prevention and risk awareness 
by encouraging them to identify and report work-related 
hazards and potentially dangerous situations. This proactive 
approach enables them to share occupational health and 
safety principles across the Company.  
We also ensure staff receive occupational and health training. 
In 2023, we delivered 330,938 hours, including 205,330 on 
t he  job.  This  r anged  fr om  t r aining  on  specific  w ork -r ela t ed 
h a z a r d s ,  s u c h  a s  w o r k i n g  a t  h e i g h t  o r  i n  c o n fi n e d  s p a c e s ,  
to personal protective equipment, or PPE. Over 27,000 
staff participated in this training, 85% of whom were hourly. 
C o n t r a c t o r s  a n d  a g e n c y  w o r k e r s  a l s o  r e c e i v e  s p e c i fi c  
refresher courses each year on safety rules and procedures. 
Our inclusive approach extends to suppliers and partners, 
who must all comply with worker health and safety 
regulations. We encourage continuous improvement by 
fostering high standards along the value chain. The CNH 
Health and Safety Policy applies to all employees, including 
contractors and agency workers. It outlines all our health 
and safety principles and is available in 14 languages, so it’s 
accessible to all interested stakeholders. 
OCCUPATIONAL  
HEALTH AND SAFETY
330,938
HOURS OF OCCUPATIONAL 
HEALTH AND SAFETY 
TRAINING DELIVERED

Page 50:
Responsibility and Organization
CNH safeguards and promotes occupational health and safety 
in every country and region in which we operate through a 
streamlined global organizational structure. 
Specific responsibilities comply with national regulations 
a n d  a r e  a s s i g n e d  b y  e m p l o y e r s  w i t h  c l e a r l y  i d e n t i fi e d  a r e a s  
of accountability. Local employees are responsible for the 
management of every plant and workplace. 
CNH uses in-house occupational medicine services to manage 
employee health (health monitoring, medical appointments, 
preventative consultations, vaccinations, etc.). These are 
delivered by dedicated medical professionals and external 
services, which are covered by specific consulting agreements. 
At CNH, the Senior Leadership Team (SLT) has ultimate 
responsibility for initiatives focusing on occupational health and 
safety.  
Our central Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) function 
coordinates and manages health and safety issues in line 
with our Health and Safety Policy. Each regional EHS unit is 
responsible for the functional management of its plants’ EHS 
u n i t s  a n d  p r o v i d e s  s p e c i a l i z e d  a s s i s t a n c e  a s  r e q u i r e d .  T h e  
plant EHS unit is responsible for occupational health and safety 
issues, as well as for providing specialized technical assistance 
to production managers and those in charge of other processes 
at site level.
Our occupational health and safety management systems are 
certified under the ISO 45001 international standard and cover 
31 CNH manufacturing plants worldwide, accounting for 19,227 
employees.
In total, 36 of our sites worldwide (manufacturing and non-
manufacturing) are now ISO 45001 compliant — covering 23,558 
employees, 2,634 contractors and 3,947 agency workers.
(1) The non-manufacturing data refers only to sites with a workforce 
of more than 30 people.
(2) Internal audit done is both on the complete Management system and partially on 
specific requirements of the Management system.
The effectiveness of our OHS management system is verified 
through regular, documented and substantiated audits. These 
are performed by qualified internal auditors, as well as by either 
industry-specific auditors or external independent certification 
bodies.
In 2023, internal management systems audits covered 23,5582 
employees, 2,838 contractors and 3,870 agency workers; 
external audits covered 26,829 employees, 2,634 contractors 
and 3,947 agency workers.
Occupational Health 
and Safety Performance
In 2023, we invested $68.2 million on improving health and 
safety protection, of which almost $61.8 million was allocated to 
improvements to occupational safety and working conditions 
(worker protection, structural improvements, inspections of 
plants and working environments) and approximately $6.4 
million to employee healthcare costs.
Accident Rates
Our rigorous approach to health and safety resulted in a 31.5% 
drop in the overall employee injury frequency rate at 0.997 
injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked. Safety data relates to 
94.4% of employees within the scope of our reporting1.
When splitting out contractors and agency workers worldwide, 
the former had an overall frequency rate of 0.897 injuries per 
1,000,000 hours worked; the latter 0.654 injuries per 1,000,000 
hours worked.
$68.2
MILLION SPENT
ON HEALTH AND SAFETY
31 
ISO 45001 
CERTIFIED PLANTS
03
SOCIAL
50 ___ 51
EMPLOYEES

Page 51:
In terms of the number of cases concerning high-consequence 
injuries versus total injuries:
For full transparency in health and safety, CNH also monitors 
and analyzes near misses3 and takes remedial action where 
necessary. In 2023, 6,155 near misses were reported and this 
led to enhanced preventive measures contributing to further 
improvement. The main types of employee, contractor and 
agency injuries fell under one of the following 4 categories: 
fractures/dislocations/crushing; contusions/bruises/abrasions; 
strains/sprains; and lacerations/punctures. 
Occupational Diseases
Specific occupational disease indicators reflect a company’s 
success in providing a healthy work environment for its 
employees. Occupational diseases are the result of lengthy, 
gradual and progressive exposures to chemical, physical or 
biological agents at work.
We continually monitor occupational diseases to identify 
persistent working conditions that may have caused their onset, 
assess any residual risks and, if necessary, implement corrective 
and improvement measures to prevent recurrence.
Over the course of 2023, insurance bodies confirmed 2 cases of 
occupational disease involving CNH employees and 13 involving 
contractors or agency workers operating at CNH facilities 
worldwide.
Safeguarding Health
CNH is committed to promoting the psychological and physical 
w e l l b e i n g  o f  o u r  s t a ff  t h r o u g h  s p e c i fi c  d i s e a s e  a n d  d i s o r d e r  
prevention programs, backed up by assistance and support 
services. One way we do this is to use in-house expertise to 
study workplace ergonomics.
Lebanon Depot (USA)
Implemented “Active Release Technique” (ART), a new 
program that can deliver on-site diagnosis and treatment of 
soft-tissue injuries by a licensed chiropractor. In 2023, similar 
ART programs were launched at the New Holland depots in 
Fargo and Grand Island.
Curitiba (Brazil)
The plant implemented an applied ergonomic work analysis-
based tool on the capture, classification and tabulation of human 
movements by Artificial Intelligence using the KINEBOTE 
tool. This has reduced time managing ergonomic risks at 
workstations and absenteeism.  To date, 1,200 employees have 
participated in the project at 800 shop-floor workstations.
Lecce (Italy)
The plant is innovating with an integrated Ergonomic 
Management and Work Analysis strategy, using OSTools 
Enterprise Power Edition software which manages the risk of 
biomechanical overload. The project allows work analysts to 
proactively identify the risk during the design phase and results 
in a significant reduction in assessment and redesign costs. This 
approach stands out for automatically providing the necessary 
risk reduction measures, simplifying adherence to international 
standards and promoting a balance between health, safety and 
efficiency on production lines.
(3) Near miss: an unplanned event that did not result in injury, illness or damage, 
but had the potential to do so OR the injury required only a very light 
treatment.
MORE DETAILS ON OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 
ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGES 122-124). 
(a) The frequency rate is the number of injuries (resulting in more than 3 days of 
absence) divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 1,000,000. 
The base year (2018) employee injury frequency rate is equal to 2.000 injuries 
per 1,000,000 hours worked. 
EMPLOYEE INJURY FREQUENCY RATEa
CNH worldwide (injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked)
Target 2024 vs 2018 
-35%
2021
2022
2023
0.997
1.500
1.455
EMPLOYEE OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS FREQUENCY RATE (OIFR)
CNH worldwide (cases of recordable ill health 
per 1,000,000 hours worked)
2021
2022
2023
0.031
0.278
0.062
EMPLOYEES

Page 52:
HUMAN CAPITAL  
MANAGEMENT   
Hiring and Internal Mobility 
Our success is down to having the right people in the right 
jobs. To do this we focus on attracting the right talent and fast-
tracking talented employees.  
Hiring 
We recruit globally from universities and via social media 
platforms, careers events and job fairs. In 2023, we participated 
in 220 recruiting initiatives. We also launched our new Employer 
Value Proposition (EVP) and completely redesigned the Career 
pages on our website. The EVP's employer promise Grow a 
Career, Build a Future was brought to life by 5 videos featuring 
30 employee ambassadors. These videos have been shared 
and viewed more than 15,000 times. 
The new Career website pages highlight the diverse career 
opportunities at CNH and showcase our businesses, our people 
and our culture. The website also includes stories from around the 
Company to help candidates find their new career inside CNH. 
In addition to specific sections for entry-level candidates and 
on diversity and inclusion, it allows candidates to join our talent 
community so we can stay in touch and share opportunities as 
they arise.
The year’s new hires included more than 431 recent graduates, 
of whom 24% were women. More than 27% of new hires had 
previously worked at CNH as trainees or interns.
(1) Refers to full-time salaried hires and excludes change external vs internal.
+
+
HIRING, RETAINING 
AND MANAGING TALENT
INTERNAL MOBILITY
SKILLED PEOPLE
TRAINING
ENGAGEMENT AND 
GROWTH
DEVELOPMENT
CONTINUOUS 
IMPROVEMENT FOR 
INDIVIDUALS AND COMPANY
FEEDBACK
TALENT ATTRACTION CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
New graduatesa recruited 431 1486 782
Traineeships and government social plansb 2373 2031 3,286
(a) Graduated from university or equivalent no more than 3 years prior to hiring.
(b) Part-time and hourly contracts.
2,088
NEW TALENTS 
RECRUITED 
IN 20231
03
SOCIAL
52 ___ 53

Page 53:
Internal Mobility
We develop and retain future leaders through our talent 
management process, which is focused on building solid 
succession plans and developing a diverse and inclusive 
leadership pipeline. The process draws on insights from a 
variety of sources, including robust succession-planning 
evaluations, our performance management system, focused 
growth assessments and one-on-one mentoring.
In 2023, 58% of new manager-level appointments were 
internal candidates. CNH encourages the appointment of local 
managers in all countries. When international appointments 
d o  o c c u r  i t  i s  t o  t r a n s f e r  s p e c i fi c  s k i l l s  a n d  e x p e r t i s e  f r o m  
other countries or as a development opportunity for talented 
individuals. Whenever this happens, the appointed manager is 
required to work on finding and developing a local successor. 
See Appendix for Local Managers by Region.
Beyond succession planning, we encourage employees to look 
for internal opportunities to advance their careers. Through 
the Job Posting platform, internal candidates of all levels can 
view vacancies. Over 2023, the program advertised more than 
2,242 positions and received applications from 2,809 internal 
candidates worldwide. In all, 20% of open positions were filled 
by internal candidates2.
Evaluating Individual 
and Workplace Performance 
Individual Performance
Our Performance Management Process (PMP) evaluates an 
i n d i v i d u a l  m e m b e r  o f  s t a ff ’ s  p e r f o r m a n c e  a n d  i s  o n e  o f  o u r  
key tools for human capital management and development. It 
applies to salaried-and-above employees and is central to our 
cultural transformation strategy, aligning with our Focused 5 
(the drivers to achieve expected results in line with our goals and 
priorities) and our 5 Cultural Beliefs (the drivers for how we and 
our employees are expected to achieve results). The process 
is also the basis for defining variable compensation where 
applicable. The PMP runs alongside our Culture initiatives, which 
are structured to encourage ongoing feedback and recognition 
of colleagues.
In 2023, we assessed approximately 16,470 employees 3 
(salaried and above) via the PMP, 25% of whom were women. 
The percentage of women engaged in the PMP was the same as 
the percentage of salaried-and-above women employed by CNH. 
(2) Calculated by dividing the number of positions filled by internal candidates 
in 2023 by the total number of positions filled in the same year.
(3) The entire workforce of salaried-and-above employees worldwide minus a 
few exceptions for which the PMP is not required (e.g., joint ventures and new 
acquisitions) take part in the process.
In 2023, we continued to invest in our workplaces to attract and retain talent, 
facilitate a hybrid working model and foster collaboration in Brazil, the US and Italy. 
Above: the new North American headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, inaugurated in 
December. 
DELIV
ER
Y
       PROFIT       SAFETY
       Q
UALITY
CUSTOMER
FOCUSED 5 AND CULTURAL BELIEFS CNH worldwide 
CUSTOMER FIRST 
I create customer success by delivering the best experiences
GROW TOGETHER 
I seek feedback to promote trust, inclusivity and development 
ONE TEAM 
I collaborate across and beyond the organization to achieve 
Key Results
MAKE IT SIMPLE  
I simplify to drive speed, accountability and innovation
BE THE BEST 
I continuously pursue excellence to deliver the Focused 5
EMPLOYEES

Page 54:
Under the PMP, employees and managers meet throughout the 
year to discuss employee performance, areas of improvement 
and growth opportunities. The process includes a formal mid-
year feedback session and year-end assessment. Managers 
receive tips on avoiding bias and using inclusive language.
The entire process is digital, with past and current evaluations 
available for reference. Employees can record their ambitions 
a n d  r e q u e s t  s p e c i fi c  t r a i n i n g  ( e . g . ,  c o a c h i n g ,  e x p o s u r e  t o  
senior management, etc.). Individual employee evaluations and 
ambitions are visible to managers, matrix reporting managers 
and senior management. The result is a rigorous management 
framework for career development that is transparent, focused 
on the individual and aligned with our goals.
Operationalizing 
Sustainability 
CNH sets key sustainability targets 
related to our environmental, social and climate-change 
efforts. These targets are embedded in our performance 
management system and assessed for relevant employees 
at different levels of the organization. Those assessed 
include Sustainability project leaders, Energy managers, 
Environment, Health and Safety managers and other staff 
at plant level. In 2023, 37% of all employees assessed via 
the PMP had a sustainability goal.   
PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT PROCESS PHASES CNH worldwide 
YEAR-END 
FEEDBACK 
SESSION
(MANAGER + EMPLOYEE)
YEAR-END 
ASSESSMENT 
(MANAGER)
MID-YEAR
FEEDBACK SESSION WITH 
FOCUS ON 
DEVELOPMENT
(EMPLOYEE + MANAGER)
INDIVIDUAL 
TARGET 
SETTING
(EMPLOYEE + MANAGER)
INDIVIDUAL 
SELF-ASSESSMENT
(EMPLOYEE)
03
SOCIAL
54 ___ 55
EMPLOYEES

Page 55:
Training and Development
In 2023, CNH invested approximately $2 million in training and 
deliv er ed  a  t o tal  o f  558, 735  t raining  hours  t o  34,368  staff ,  o f 
whom 78% were men and 22% were women. 
Our Learning Model aligns employee growth and development 
with our strategic objectives. It is organized under 3 global 
learning pillars: Breaking New Ground (preparing for the 
organization of the future); Culture and Employee Experience 
(foundational skills); and Business Excellence (driving daily 
excellence). Global learning is available across topics such as 
professional development (i.e., power skills learning paths) and 
leadership development (i.e., Leader Fundamentals and others). 
We also operate a global framework for career development 
(i.e., job rotation), coaching and assessments, and mentorship. 
This framework can be customized at the business level to make 
it more effective and flexible as needs evolve. Workshops are 
managed via internal experts and/or through training partners.
In 2023, we adapted CNH iLearn, our digital global Learning 
Management System, to make it easy for employees to manage 
their own development and navigate their careers. We focus on 
3 areas: 
 Power Skills: skills essential for our people to succeed in 
a rapidly changing work environment
 Product and Industry Knowledge: building awareness of 
our products, services and related industry trends
 Role-specific Skills: preparing our people with the skills 
and resources to be the best in their role.
W e  a l s o  r e f r e s h e d  o u r  o n l i n e  c o n t e n t ,  o ff e r i n g  L i n k e d I n  
Learning across the Company. LinkedIn Learning offers training 
in business, technical, function and creative skills. It is constantly 
updated in 11 different languages and is available on demand 
both via a PC and individual mobile devices through the 
Learning app.
When training is complete, we monitor how effective and 
efficient it has been and use the feedback to constantly improve 
programs and learning materials.
(4) Scores and percentages represent averages of 3 pulse surveys from 2023.
Workplace Performance
We use people satisfaction surveys to assess how engaged our 
staff are and to identify areas of improvement. With these goals 
in mind, we set a strategic target to increase staff participation 
in the surveys year-on-year, with a target to reach 100% by year-
end 2024. 
In 2023, 74% of employees participated in one of CNH’s 2 
engagement surveys: Glint and Great Place to Work.
Glint
The Glint survey generates an overall employee engagement 
score based on job satisfaction, purpose, happiness and 
stress. In 2023, 68% of CNH’s employees took part in the Glint 
survey and with an average response rate of 804 and average 
engagement score of 78 4, the responses beat our target 
engagement score of 77. 
After each survey, managers discuss the findings with their team 
and on a one-on-one basis to seek feedback and identify what 
we can do to improve. Managers are also encouraged to have 
ongoing conversations to maintain the focus on improvement 
and engagement between surveys and to monitor progress. 
Great Place to Work
CNH is assessed by the global workplace authority Great Place 
to Work® in a number of countries where we operate. In 2023, 
we were certified as a Great Place to W ork in all of the areas 
we surveyed, including Argentina, Australia, Brazil, China, 
India, New Zealand and Thailand, as well as for Raven in North 
America.
We also use exit surveys/interviews with departing staff to  
assess the state of our workplace culture. The goal is to 
understand what employees look for when they move on and 
fi n d  a r e a s  o f  p o t e n t i a l  d i s s a t i s f a c t i o n .  E x i t  i n t e r v i e w  t o p i c s  
include management, career development, CNH’s culture and 
the work environment. Our Human Resources department 
consolidates the data and shares specific organizational 
feedback with the relevant managers. In 2023, we held 
approximately 600 surveys with departing staff.
MORE DETAILS ON TRAINING BY CONTRACT, TYPE, GENDER AND 
CATEGORY ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGES 125-126). 
$2
MILLION
INVESTED IN TRAINING
EMPLOYEES

Page 56:
Employee Development Programs 
In addition to our Culture Transformation and our efficiency 
programs, CNH invests in employee development programs. 
We have more than 65 programs tailored to business needs 
at regional, functional and cross-functional levels, and our 
approach focuses on professional development, leadership 
development, coaching and mentorship. The benefits include 
increasing leadership and fostering succession planning for 
talents; strengthening customer and product knowledge; and 
promoting agility with versatile industry and role expertise. 
Some of our programs are listed below.
F i n a l l y ,  w e  o ff e r  s e l e c t e d  e m p l o y e e s  t h e  o p p o r t u n i t y  t o  
pursue further education qualifications, such as master’s and 
postgraduate degrees. We fund degree programs based on 
performance, potential for growth and on the condition that 
the recipient remains with us for a set period determined by 
respective regional policies. In 2023, these programs supported 
488 employees. 
W e  a l s o  o ff e r  l o n g - t e r m  i n c e n t i v e s  d e s i g n e d  t o  e n g a g e  a n d  
retain key talent. The long-term incentive (LTI) program can 
award annual grants for a 3-year performance period. The 2023 
LTI plan covers 2023-25, with approximately 425 employees 
benefiting worldwide. Approximately 35% in 2023 were below 
director level. 
CNH also has outplacement programs to manage career 
endings. We use outplacement services outsourced to partners, 
in 15 countries. The services are open to managers and in some 
countries to all staff. 
EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS CNH worldwide
                                                         
Cultural Belief and Goal Program Name Description Audience
AGRICULTURE 
PRODUCT 
DEVELOPMENT 
MENTORING PROGRAM
9-month program focused 
on growing leadership confidence 
and capabilities
40 talents
CONVERGE
Global mentoring program 
delivered by top management to 
a diverse group of talented individuals
34 talents
LEADER 
FUNDAMENTALS
Orientation program to introduce 
new CNH leaders to team management 
and how to build a positive culture 
aligned with our cultural beliefs and values
All new managers 
worldwide 
EMBRACING 
A CUSTOMER FIRST 
MINDSET
Regular training to identify elements of 
a customer-centric mindset and the individual 
behaviors that support it
R&D 
employees
PRODUCT AND 
BUSINESS 
FAMILIARIZATION
Modular learning course sharing live 
virtual sessions, videos and interviews 
with dealers and customers, as well as 
equipment ride and drives
All EMEA 
employees
MASTER SPECIALIZING 
PROGRAM — 
CONSTRUCTION 
EQUIPMENT SEGMENT
2-year rotational programs held in partnership 
with the Politecnico of Turin (EMEA), 
Partnership PUC MINAS (LA) and Wichita 
State University (NA) that help employees 
develop a wider business perspective and 
diverse skills by experiencing different jobs
New Construction 
segment product 
development 
engineers in North 
America, Latin 
America and EMEA
CUSTOMER FIRST 
MINDSET, PRODUCTS AND EXPERTISE
ONE TEAM AND 
GROW TOGETHER 
LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT
BE THE BEST 
TALENTS/SUCCESSION PLANNING
03
SOCIAL
56 ___ 57
EMPLOYEES

Page 57:
CNH spends approximately $10 billion a year with a network of 
3,192 direct suppliers. Our top 150 suppliers are considered 
strategic, not only because they account for 62% of our total 
spend, but also because of the length of the relationships, the 
extent of their production capacity and management of spare 
parts.
Besides supporting our strategic suppliers, we are also 
committed to supporting small and local suppliers 1 and  
minority-owned businesses. In 2023, we signed contracts with 
local suppliers accounting for 64% of our procurement costs. 
We also set targets for developing local skills, transferring 
technical and managerial expertise, and strengthening local 
businesses.
CNH’S SUPPLIER CODE OF 
CONDUCT IS OUR FRAMEWORK 
FOR RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY-CHAIN 
MANAGEMENT. SUPPLIERS ARE 
REQUIRED TO WORK WITH US TO 
ENFORCE THE CODE AND PASS ON 
ITS PRINCIPLES TO THEIR RESPECTIVE 
EMPLOYEES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES 
AND SUBCONTRACTORS 
Suppliers can access appropriate training through our Supplier 
Portal; in 2023, 388 users did so.
Any violation of our Supplier Code of Conduct may alter the 
business relationship and may result in contract termination.
We provide a Compliance Helpline for reporting potential 
violations of our corporate policies, the Code of Conduct or 
applicable laws. 
SUSTAINABLE  
SUPPLY CHAIN
SUPPLIER  
PROFILE
(1) Local suppliers are those operating in the same country as the CNH plant 
in question.
64% 
OF PROCUREMENT 
SPENDING ON LOCAL 
SUPPLIERS
PURCHASESa CNH worldwide
12% 
Latin America
7% 
Rest of World
42% 
North America
39% 
Europe
17% 
Chemicals
27% 
Mechanical Parts
1% 
Other 
13% 
Electrical components
42% 
Metals
(a) Refers to the value of direct material purchases.
BY PRODUCT ORIGIN
BY PRODUCT TYPE


Page 58:
Supplier Assessment
We follow specific internal procedures for selecting and 
codifying new suppliers. These suppliers are selected not 
o n l y  f o r  t h e  q u a l i t y  a n d  c o m p e t i t i v e n e s s  o f  t h e i r  p r o d u c t s  
a n d  s e r v i c e s ,  b u t  w e  a l s o  i n s i s t  o n  c e r t a i n  r e q u i r e m e n t s .   
They must have a company code of conduct consistent with 
the AIAG Corporate Responsibility Guidance Statements, 
an environmental management system, a health and safety 
management system and a Risk Evaluation Document.  
Supplier companies invited to tender are provided with 
the Supplier Quality Statement of Requirement (SQSOR) 
document, which is an integral part of the Request for 
Quotation (RFQ). The SQSOR document requires the supplier 
to respect CNH’s Supplier Code of Conduct, to complete the 
annual sustainability self-assessment and to take necessary 
actions to improve performance when applicable. The SQSOR 
is then checked by CNH’s Supplier Quality team during the 
Quality Risk Assessment before approving the final sourcing 
recommendation.
In addition, the General Purchasing Terms and Conditions 
that apply to all orders released by CNH require that suppliers 
comply with the CNH Code of Conduct and Supplier Code of 
Conduct.
In 2022, we embarked on an important, multi-year supply-chain 
transformation initiative as part of our new Strategic Sourcing 
Program (SSP). The aim is to establish a robust way of sourcing 
the very best suppliers, forging business partnerships across 
the supply chain and ultimately achieving the best total value 
chain that we can. By ensuring we share core values such as 
competitive price, quality and delivery , we are building stable 
and mutual partnerships with our suppliers. 
The Potential Suppliers Assessment (PSA) evaluates a 
potential supplier by identifying its strengths and weaknesses 
and assessing its ability to manufacture to the highest quality 
standards. 
PSA criteria include ESG elements, with explicit reference 
to both environmental and occupational health and 
safety management. For example, it is mandatory to have 
environmental and health and safety systems in working areas, 
preferably certified by a third party. 
In addition, CNH has a well-established ESG assessment process 
for its current suppliers that are continuously monitored to 
ensure alignment with the Supplier Code of Conduct. This also 
avoids potential conflicts with globally embraced principles of 
ESG requirements. Suppliers are first requested to complete 
an online sustainability self-assessment questionnaire. The 
invitation is open to all companies supplying to CNH. We publish 
it on the Supplier Portal and actively promote it by e-mail 
according to contact information available. The questionnaire 
includes questions on human rights, the environment, 
compliance and ethics, diversity, and health and safety. The 
answers are analyzed and form the basis of a sustainability risk 
assessment. We then create a risk map that takes into account: 
 Supplier turnover
 Risk associated with the supplier’s country of operation 
(focusing on countries with poor human rights records)
 Supplier financial risk
 Participation in the assessment process
 Risk associated with the purchasing category 
(i.e., the commodity group).
Supplier Development 
We want our suppliers to have high ESG standards and we 
help draw up improvement plans where appropriate. When 
assessing suppliers, we focus on their: 
 Environmental policy and environmental management 
system (preferably certified)
 Reduction targets for GHG emissions, energy and water 
consumption, and waste generation
 Monitoring of environmental aspects
 Monitoring sources of potential releases to air, water and land, 
and subsequent identification of improvement areas
 Delivery of internal environmental training, while encouraging 
their own suppliers to do the same
 Execution of regular audits to verify policies, non-compliance 
and corrective actions
 Biodiversity protection strategy.
MORE DETAILS ON SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN 
ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGES 127-129). 
03
SOCIAL
58 ___ 59
SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN

Page 59:
The questionnaire also includes a dedicated water management 
section focusing on:
 Policies, strategies and/or strategic plans regarding water 
management and improvements to wastewater management
 Specific improvement targets
 Bodies of water, wetlands or natural habitats affected by the 
water withdrawals or discharges of plants
 Operations located in water-stressed areas.
Based on risk assessment results, suppliers are placed into 
one of 3 levels of risk (high, medium and low) and audited 
accordingly. These audits are performed on-site by either CNH 
Supplier Quality Engineers (SQEs) or independent third-party 
auditors. They aim to check the information submitted in the 
self-assessment questionnaires and to help define possible 
improvement plans where necessary.
Should audits reveal critical issues to be addressed, we draw up 
joint action plans with the suppliers to define:
 Improvement areas (e.g., implementation of internal 
procedures in line with sustainability principles)
 Responsibilities (e.g., organizational changes)
 Corrective measures (e.g., targeted training programs)
 Timeframes for action plans.
An independent auditor works along with the supplier to 
monitor progress and make a final review. Should a supplier still 
be found in default, they are given further direction to improve. 
Every month, CNH’s Global Supplier Scorecard system draws 
up a Supplier Scorecard, containing supplier performance and 
the scores from sustainability assessments. This information, 
a l o n g  w i t h  e a c h  s u p p l i e r ’ s  fi n a n c i a l ,  t e c h n i c a l  a n d  l o g i s t i c s  
data, makes up the Summary by Plan document used to assign 
new orders. Responses to the 2023 Supplier Sustainability Self 
Assessment were collected between December 5, 2023, and 
February 9, 2024. 
As  a  r e s u l t ,  w e  r e c e i v e d  1,4 95  c o m p l e t e d  q u e s t i o n n a i r e s  a n d 
all confirmed that environmental issues were being properly 
addressed, in particular the adoption of environmental 
management systems, emergency plans and regulatory 
controls. No critical issues involving collective bargaining, child 
labor or forced/compulsory labor were reported.
Throughout the year, sustainability audits were conducted on 70 
supplier plants; all audits were carried out by our SQEs; 62 were 
on-site and 8 remote. While no critical issues emerged from the 
audits, we found 29 suppliers had room for improvement and 
together we drew up appropriate action plans. No contracts 
were suspended or terminated.
Conflict Minerals 
CNH promotes responsible sourcing of tin, 
tantalum, tungsten and gold (also known as conflict minerals 
or 3TG) from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and 
surrounding regions through a strict compliance program and 
Conflict Minerals Policy.  
CNH’s products are complex, typically containing thousands 
of parts from many different direct and indirect suppliers. We 
follow a standard procedure for due diligence on the source 
and origin of 3TG in our products which aims to conform with 
the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(OECD) framework. 
Our Conflict Minerals Policy expects all our suppliers to research 
the existence and origins of 3TG in their own supply chains and 
provide written evidence of this. When they do contain 3TG, 
suppliers must stop as soon as is commercially practicable. 
All Surveyed Suppliers must provide information regarding 3TG 
and smelters, using the Conflict Minerals Reporting T emplate 
(CMRT) developed by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). 
We use software to collect, manage, analyze and aggregate 
supplier CMRT data for reporting purposes and follow up with 
suppliers whose CMRT data is incomplete or inconsistent, or 
who list non-compliant or uncertified smelters or refiners. As 
an RMI member, we also support third-party audits of 3TG 
smelters and refiners to check they comply with international 
standards and with the RMI’s Responsible Minerals Assurance 
Process (RMAP).
An annual review of our due diligence process and supplier 
s u rv e y  r e s u l ts  f eed  i n t o  ou r  Confl i ct  Mi ner a l s  A nnu a l  R eport , 
which is available on our corporate website.
In 2023, our Surveyed Suppliers 
represented approximately 84% 
of our purchases and from these 
w e  i d e n t i fi e d  t h e  p r e s e n c e  o f  
gold in some electronics and 
of tin, tantalum and tungsten in 
some electrical and mechanical 
products. They are used for their 
good corrosion resistance, electrical properties and mechanical 
strength. We only use 3TG for equipment functionality and 
reliability and always work with our suppliers to ensure all 3TG 
are sourced from compliant smelters.
Cobalt
Cobalt is a key element in the lithium-ion rechargeable batteries 
used in our electric vehicles. It’s also used in the production of 
magnetic, wear-resistant and high-strength engineering alloys. 
The RMI made cobalt a dedicated focus area in 2017 and as a 
member of the RMI Cobalt Workgroup, we are part of any 
ongoing discussions to support due diligence on cobalt supply 
chains. In 2022, we adopted the RMI Extended Minerals Reporting 
Template to collect information on cobalt from key suppliers, 
enabling a wider due diligence process for our suppliers.
84%
OF THE SURVEYED 
SUPPLIERS
REPRESENTED 
OUR PURCHASES

Page 60:
Ongoing Dialogue with Suppliers
In 2023, our Supplier Portal continued to be the primary 
collaboration and communication platform for our supply chain. 
In Latin America, we invited more than 1,700 suppliers to the 
Company’s 6th annual Supplier Excellence Awards (SEA). Held 
online in May each year, the event involves all our suppliers 
across the region and recognizes those that stand out for quality, 
delivery, commercial relations, parts and services, technology, 
innovation, indirect material CapEx, indirect material service 
and inbound/outbound logistics. There are also awards for the 
best sustainability initiatives for social responsibility, diversity 
and inclusion, and the environment. We name a Supplier of 
the Year and this year a further 12 suppliers received awards in 
different categories.
We also involve our suppliers through our Technology 
Workshops program. This gives them an opportunity to 
showcase their most advanced products to share information 
on new technological developments. Last year, a series of 
related events took place that included representatives from 
our suppliers and CNH from all regions.
Our Suppliers’ Proposals Program advocates a proactive 
approach to business and to supplier suggestions. These 
can be submitted via the Suppliers’ Proposals section on the 
Supplier Portal and are then assessed by a dedicated cross-
functional team. In 2023, 52 suppliers from Europe and Latin 
America submitted more than 400 ideas with potential benefits 
estimated to be worth approximately $6.5 million.
CDP Supply Chain Program
Our CDP Supply Chain initiative is a key supplier engagement 
activity that aims to mitigate any adverse environmental 
impacts. In 2023, 165 suppliers were selected to fill out our CDP2  
questionnaire on what they were doing to tackle climate change 
and their initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions. We selected the 
suppliers according to their total purchase value and their 
previous involvement in CNH sustainability initiatives. 
In 2023, we calculated these companies generated over 789 
million tons of CO2, cutting emissions by approximately 6 million 
tons and generating $294 million in savings.
Internal Sustainability 
Awareness and Training
We are constantly trying to help our relevant employees improve 
awareness of sustainability and good governance among our 
suppliers through open and ongoing dialogue. Today, our 
Supplier Quality Engineers (SQEs) take part in annual training 
to explore key issues of environmental and social responsibility. 
In 2023, SQEs were also trained in how to support auditors with 
the aim of possibly becoming auditors themselves in the future.
MORE DETAILS ON SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN 
ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGES 127-129). 
(2) CDP is an international non-profit organization providing the only global 
system for companies and cities to measure, disclose, manage, and share vital 
environmental information.
52
SUPPLIERS
INVOLVED IN THE SUPPLIERS’ 
PROPOSALS PROGRAM
100%
OF TIER 1 SUPPLIERS 
TO SELF-ASSESS SUSTAINABILITY
PERFORMANCE BY YEAR-END 2024
64% 
OF KEY SUPPLIERS 
MONITORED FOR 
CO2 EMISSIONS
03
SOCIAL
60 ___ 61
SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN

Page 61:
It is required to abide by CNH’s Dealer Operating Guide, which 
is periodically verified and updated, and to implement CNH’s 
specific dealership development training programs. 
Through the Dealer Satisfaction Survey (DSS), we measure 
dealer satisfaction in Europe and North America, focusing on 
aspects including: marketing and sales activities; products, 
vehicle ordering and delivery; support and relationships with 
local teams/managers; spare parts; warranty terms; after-sales 
teams; and training and support from manufacturers. Dealer 
feedback in these areas is also regularly gathered through 
participation in dealer advisory groups and councils.
Dealer Portal
CNH’s Dealer Portal connects the global dealer network and 
provides tools to manage sales and after-sales support. All 
activities related to the technical management of products are 
overseen by Quality and Product Support, which manages the 
e-TIM and ASiST tools, accessible via the Dealer Portal.
e-TIM is the primary support tool for any dealer facing an issue 
with a vehicle or machine. The system provides an extensive 
technical information database for all products and specifies 
how to perform repairs and which tools to use. It also provides 
Service Bulletins, describing how to address recurring problems, 
and Product Improvement Programs (PIPs) and holds a repair 
history for each vehicle or machine. The service network can 
therefore access specific technical information on repairs and 
receive authorizations to perform warranty repairs in real time. 
Should  mor e  specific  t echnical  assistance  be  r equir ed,  ASiST 
enables interactive, online contact with teams of product 
specialists. ASiST also provides valuable data on the frequency 
of defects evidenced during repairs. This allows CNH’s Quality 
and Current Product Management (CPM) teams to identify and 
solve global product issues in a timely manner, thus reducing 
warranty costs, facilitating the rapid launch of PIPs and 
improving customer satisfaction.
Our global dealer network is a critical element in the 
Company’s value chain as it provides an essential gateway 
for communication, service and support for customers. 
Dealerships interact every day with our customers, who seek 
advice on the best purchasing options and want assurance that 
their investment is a suitable solution for their business needs.
Regional control rooms in our dealer network make field service 
reach increasingly proactive as connected fleet monitoring, 
diagnostics and troubleshooting are conducted 24 hours a 
day throughout the year. They focus on seasonal operational 
efficiencies, periodic software updates, machine performance 
reports,and preventative maintenance scheduling. 
The dealer network is managed by geographic area and by 
brand, adhering to global business standards and sharing best 
practices to achieve positive customer outcomes.
CUSTOMERS,  
SALES AND  
AFTER-SALES
DEALER  
MANAGEMENT AND  
PARTNERSHIPS


Page 62:
Dealership Training
CNH makes it a priority to build the skills and know-how of all 
dealership personnel and delivers training to meet dealer network 
needs and enhance staff knowledge and expertise. Every year, 
we design special training programs for approximately 92,000 
people in our dealership workforce (technicians, salespeople 
and after-sales staff), tailored to the strategies and needs of each 
segment, brand and geographic area.
Training courses are provided in many forms, from traditional 
face-to-face instructor-led training (ILT), featuring both 
classroom and hands-on workshop sessions, to remote training 
courses delivered using web-based learning, virtual classrooms 
and blended learning. 
MORE DETAILS ON DEALERSHIP TRAINING 
ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGE 130). 
Spare Parts 
Distribution 
CNH boasts a complete range of new 
and remanufactured parts, accessories, attachments and 
telematics solutions ensuring the value and performance 
over the long term of every brand’s current and past 
models. Through a global network of 30 parts depots 
w o r l d w i d e ,  w e  o ff e r  d y n a m i c  l o g i s t i c s  a n d  a s s i s t a n c e  
t e a m s  c o m m i t t e d  t o  t h e  b e s t  q u a l i t y  s t a n d a r d s  a n d  
technology, the timely availability and delivery of parts 
and solutions to issues that arise. 
Assistance to the dealer network is guaranteed 24/7 and 
replacement or service parts under the special assistance 
program are shipped within 2 hours. 
To improve both customer service and quality and reduce 
operational costs in parts distribution, we implement 
the CNH Business Systems (CBS) approach at our parts 
distribution centers worldwide — a methodology already 
successfully implemented in Company manufacturing 
operations. The approach improves warehouse 
processing, as well as parts distribution through different 
modes of transportation. The implementation of a set of 
best practices enables the optimization of replacement or 
service parts supply and distribution.
62 ___ 63
03
SOCIAL
CUSTOMERS, SALES AND AFTER-SALES

Page 63:
Customer Feedback Process
CNH has always considered the customer’s opinion to be 
t h e  f o u n d a t i o n  f o r  d e v e l o p i n g  n e w  p r o d u c t s  a n d  d e fi n i n g  a  
customer-oriented brand strategy. To this end, our Market 
Research Department supports all business units by collecting 
customer input to use in future product development and 
brand strategies.
R e s e a r c h  fi n d i n g s  a r e  i n c o r p o r a t e d  i n t o  t h e  p r o d u c t  d e s i g n  
process, the creation of business cases and overall strategy to 
ensure that development and execution are customer driven.
At the same time, customer satisfaction is measured throughout 
the process to assess how we are performing at various steps 
on the owner’s journey. Customer feedback is passed on to 
the relevant departments, providing opportunities to improve 
customer satisfaction and identify early trends. The results of 
these surveys are consolidated and submitted to the marketing 
research teams monthly.
CNH works closely with its existing and prospective customers 
to create transparent and lasting relationships. To facilitate 
collaboration with all stakeholders (markets, area managers, 
dealers and salespeople), we manage the following activities:
 Lead Management (pre-sales) — interaction with customers 
and delivery of a caring, professional service, while collecting 
feedback measuring customer satisfaction 
 Customer Data (pre and after-sales) — organization of 
data on existing and prospective customers, made easily 
accessible to optimize relations and increase value delivery
 Customer Relationship Management (pre and after-sales) — 
through extensive activity planning, execution and evaluation, 
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) focuses on the 
design, operation and coordination of multiple interaction 
touchpoints to deliver a real brand experience to the 
customer. CRM provides direction to involve all key players, 
creating synergies between the different stakeholders and 
supporting brands and departments to align processes and 
strategies to the brand vision
 Customer Experience (CX) — the mapping, measurement 
and optimization of the interaction between customer and 
brand at all touchpoints, aiming to meet or exceed customer 
expectations, gain loyalty, create true advocates among 
customers and monitor satisfaction levels to improve the 
quality of the product, services and solutions offered. Entering 
the customer mindset and mapping customer journeys are 
key elements in documenting and fully understanding the 
complete customer experience, with customers transitioning 
from awareness to engagement and purchase.
CUSTOMER  
ENGAGEMENT
CX 
Customer Experience (CX) is at the core 
of our strategy and culture, putting the 
customer at the center of our key results 
— Customer First is one of our cultural beliefs and is 
demonstrated across the whole organization.
CX implementation is fully integrated with our Culture 
Transformation program and CNH Business System 
(CBS) and is constantly evolving. The Company’s goal is 
to become more proactive in how we develop, produce, 
sell and service our products and digital solutions. 
The CX initiative has been expanding beyond our 
customer-facing teams to affect how every employee 
t h i n k s  a n d  a c t s ,  d e l i v e r i n g  u l t i m a t e  v a l u e  t o  o u r  fi n a l  
customers and consequently to all other stakeholders.

Page 64:
CNH interacts with and assists its customers to give them an 
experience that exceeds their expectations. Our Customer 
Care departments specialize in developing, managing and 
promoting customer service solutions, fostering long-lasting 
relationships and satisfying customer needs and expectations. 
Customers may request information or report an issue via the 
brands’ websites, toll-free numbers, smartphone applications or 
via email — 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Customer Care staff 
manage the entire process, from initial customer contact to final 
feedback, ensuring timely resolution.
We center all operations around customer needs and on 
developing good customer relations. Requests are initially 
handled by the Customer Center’s first-level support. If a case 
cannot be solved at first level, the Customer Center escalates 
the request to internal or external Company resources, such 
a s  fie l d  s e rv i c e s  o r  d e a l e r s h i p s,  t o  g e t  a c c u r a t e  f ee d b a c k  f o r 
the customer . Customers who have filed a request are invited 
to take part in a survey on whether we met their expectations. 
These inquiries are organized by type or category and assigned 
a target date or objective for completion.
Customer Assistance
We put customers and their needs at the center of its after-sales 
service and support strategies, leveraging several dedicated 
tools, processes and programs to assist them. Not being able 
to use CNH products in their business and vehicle downtime 
results in profit loss.
Uptime Support
Uptime Support intervenes in the event of vehicle breakdowns 
within the Agriculture and Construction segments to ensure 
that all necessary steps are taken to minimize downtime. 
A dedicated Service Team, Parts Shipment and Delivery 
Team oversee the location and delivery of parts or complete 
components, including overseas shipments. Through a carefully 
monitored process, the Uptime Support service tracks repairs 
through dealers or with customers until all issues are resolved, 
allowing customers to get back to work as soon as possible.
CUSTOMER  
RELATIONS
MORE DETAILS ON CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT AND RELATIONS 
ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX (SEE PAGE 130). 
(1) Significant final rulings are defined as having, individually, an adverse material 
effect on the Company.
Transparent 
Communication 
CNH recognizes that advertising must be 
truthful and transparent and advocates 
positive and responsible values and 
conduct across all forms of communication.
In 2023, no significant final rulings1 were issued against 
the Company for non-compliance with regulations or 
voluntary codes concerning:
 Marketing communications, including advertising, 
promotions and sponsorships 
 Product and service information and labeling
 Breach of customer privacy and loss of customer data. 
03
SOCIAL
64 ___ 65

Page 65:
CNH ENGAGES IN PROJECTS 
THROUGHOUT ITS LOCAL 
COMMUNITIES TO MAKE PROGRESS 
ON THE UN SUSTAINABLE 
DEVELOPMENT GOALS 
Sustainable community projects are managed regionally and 
aligned globally with the corporate sustainability strategy. In 
North America, in addition to corporate giving, requests for 
funding are reviewed by the CNH Industrial Foundation. Grant 
applications that meet the initial criteria are typically reviewed 
quarterly by the Foundation’s Board of Directors, made up of 
employee representatives. CNH measures both the investment 
and impact of its social initiatives and those of the Foundation. 
The levers we use for generating social benefit include:
 Cash contributions (through funding to the CNH Industrial 
Foundation and direct from the Company)
 In-kind donations
 Time contributions (employee volunteering during paid 
working hours)
 Governmental incentives 
 Public-private partnership projects 
 Employee matching programs1.
LOCAL  
COMMUNITIES
(1) A year-round matching gift program is available for employees in the USA and 
Canada for donations up to $1,000 annually per employee, to eligible charitable 
organizations of their choice.


Page 66:
In 2023, the resources allocated by CNH and the CNH Industrial 
Foundation to local communities totaled $12,799,909 million, 
including more than $388,000 for total cost of management.
2023  
CONTRIBUTIONS
$12.8 
MILLION
INVESTED IN LOCAL 
COMMUNITIES
2% 
Time contribution
of employees during 
working hours
93% 
Cash contributions
15% 
EMEA
11% 
APAC
35% 
North America
39% 
Latin America
17% 
Other
13% 
Emergency relief
13% 
Arts and culture
26% 
Social welfare
31% 
Education and young people
7% 
Charitable donations
9% 
Commercial initiatives 
with social impact
84% 
Investment in 
local communities
BY TYPE
BY REGION
BY SUBJECT
BY CATEGORY
CONTRIBUTION TO LOCAL COMMUNITIESb CNH worldwide (%)
(a) Investment data for local communities is categorized as per the principles set out in the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) Guidance Manual. Figures are based on accounting 
data, calculations and data reported by employees and include estimates. For details on the methodology, see pages 131-132.
(b) Including the total cost of management.
5% 
Donations In-kind
2023 CONTRIBUTIONSa CNH worldwide ($)
                                                         
Type of contribution 2023
Cash contributions 11,853,639
Time contribution (employee volunteering during paid working hours) 160,554
In-kind donations (products/services, projects/partnerships or similar) 397,545
Management overheads 388,171
Total 12,799,909
03
SOCIAL
66 ___ 67

Page 67:
CNH is part of the Business for 
Societal Impact Network and utilizes 
the network’s globally recognized 
methodology (B4SI Framework) to 
articulate and measure the positive 
social impact of its contributions and 
investments. The application of the 
B4SI Framework helps a company measure its social impact 
in a clear, consistent and robust way, enabling it to quantify its 
inputs (what it contributes to society) as well as understand 
the extent of its impact (the changes contributions make to 
business and to society). It is recognized by the UN Global 
Compact as evidence of a company’s social impact narrative 
to stakeholders. 
CNH has a target to increase by 100% the number of people 
b e n e fi t i n g  f r o m  i t s  l o c a l  c o m m u n i t y  i n i t i a t i v e s  b y  t h e  e n d  o f  
2024 compared to 2018. We use the Corporate Community 
Investment (CCI) tool, developed in line with the B4SI 
Framework, to assess the impact of the strategic projects 
linked to this target (see Appendix for Corporate Community 
Investment (CCI) Evaluation Table).
In 2023, we exceeded our target by increasing the number of 
people benefiting from our initiatives by 137%.
Our Projects
In 2023, CNH launched multiple global partnerships and 
programs, engaging its operations worldwide around common 
goals. 
The Breast Cancer Research 
Foundation (BCRF) is the world’s 
largest private financial backer of 
breast cancer research, contributing 
to all major healthcare advancements in this space. CNH 
launched its partnership with the organization with charitable 
funding of more than $150,000 and a Company-wide internal 
campaign to raise awareness of its work around breast cancer 
research, as well as proactive health tips.
CNH launched its Disaster Response Program  in 2023, 
formalizing its long-term commitment to support in times 
of disaster. The new global program is designed to facilitate 
equipment use (in collaboration with our dealer network) in 
times of emergency.
In each of its regions, CNH undertakes strategic community 
projects to make a difference near its operations and customers, 
often in partnership with NGOs.
2023  
IMPACT
+137% 
INCREASE IN PEOPLE 
BENEFITING 
FROM CNH'S LOCAL COMMUNITY 
INITIATIVES VS 2018

Page 68:
Latin America
Education is a primary driver of socio-economic transformation 
in Latin America. Working in collaboration with federal 
incentives, we strategically endorse a range of programs and 
initiatives aimed at fostering educational advancements both in 
institutions near our Company sites (such as the long-running 
Gente de Bem program) and in rural public schools close to our 
customers. 
For the latter, we promote projects that spotlight themes 
encompassing environmental education, diversity, inclusion, 
robotics and entrepreneurship. In 2023, we carried out 85 social 
p r o j e c t s ,  w i t h  1 5 %  s p e c i fi c a l l y  d e d i c a t e d  t o  e n v i r o n m e n t a l  
education, particularly in agricultural regions. Our 3-year goal 
for our rural education focus is to raise awareness among 
students and teachers around recycling, nature preservation, 
biodiversity, sustainable innovation, future professions and 
diversity. To deliver these approaches, we collaborate with 
educators across multiple institutions, often providing support 
materials and conducting workshops to sustain ongoing 
engagement throughout the academic semester. One example 
is the Turma Do Meio Ambiente environmental class, an initiative 
held in 4 cities in the region of Bahia, Brazil, that engaged 6,000 
children in learning about their local environment through 
theater. 
EMEA
In looking at the problem of plastic pollution and waste in 
our waterways, CNH’s CASE Construction Equipment brand 
launched a pioneering 3-year environmental program in  
2021 called the Beach Care Project, which brings together 
research, beach cleaning, scholarships, education and 
community. It began in Italy and France, where a CASE 621G 
Evolution wheel loader equipped with a special 3 cubic meter 
skeleton bucket was used to collect plastic waste from local 
sandy beaches, which otherwise would be washed into the 
Mediterranean Sea. With the help of local primary-school 
children, the waste collected was recycled into educational 
toys, employing a circular economy approach. 
The following year, the project was extended to the UK and 
Spain. Two new sites were cleaned and preserved, with 6,500 
people benefiting from involvement in our education program 
and cleaning activities. In 2023, the Beach Care Project was 
extended to the Ivory Coast, in collaboration with the CASE 
C o n s t r u c t i o n  E q u i p m e n t  a n d  C A S E  I H  b r a n d s ,  t h e  N G O  J a h  
Live and the local CASE IH and CASE Construction distributor, 
Kanu Equipment Côte d’Ivoire. CASE IH and CASE Construction 
E qu i pmen t  s uppl i ed  a  r ange  o f  mac hi nes  t o  c ol lect  and  load 
p l a s t i c  w a s t e  f r o m  t h e  A s s o u i n d é ,  A s s i n i e - M a fi a  a n d  G r a n d  
Bassam beaches in Abidjan Province. To help, 200 primary-
school children, their families and 400 local volunteers 
participated in beach activities designed to raise awareness 
of the need to fight the growing amount of waste, particularly 
plastic. In total, over 20 tons of plastic were gathered and 
disposed of, while raising the environmental awareness of the 
next generation and making the beaches clean for citizens.
68 ___ 69
03
SOCIAL

Page 69:
APAC
Technical training can be an important lever for empowering 
p e o p l e  a n d  r e d u c i n g  i n e q u a l i t i e s ,  w h i l e  b o l s t e r i n g  t h e  t a l e n t  
needs of an industry. In Thailand, CNH and its brands work with 
schools to promote vocational training in agriculture. In 2022, 
we signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Pakdee 
College to build a Training Center on the campus. In 2023, we 
provided a New Holland TT2.50 tractor  and also established a 
scholarship for students. To the Khon Kaen Higher College of 
Agricultural Technology, we donated a CASE IH Austoft 4000 
sugarcane harvester for use in practical training and committed 
to establishing a CASE IH Training Center at the school to 
strengthen hands-on training in modern farm machinery 
and technologies. Lastly, we continued our partnership with 
King Mongkut’s Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL), 
providing training to 30 of the Institute’s young agricultural 
engineers. For these efforts and others, CNH was recognized 
by the Thai Ministry of Education with the Best Contribution to 
Thailand’s Education Award 2023. 
Also in APAC, we launched a new TechPro2 (Technical 
Professional Program) course in Harbin, China, in collaboration 
with the Heilongjiang Agricultural Engineering Vocational 
College. The Company will offer educational resources such 
as a New Holland tractor, engines and transmissions, as well as 
expertise from CNH staff. 
TechPro2 is a long-running, international training program 
at CNH that offers a mid- to long-term strategy to address 
t h e  s h o r t a g e  o f  s k i l l e d  p e o p l e  n e e d e d  t o  f u l fi l l  d e a l e r s '  a n d  
customers’ demands in a range of agricultural markets.
North America
When natural disasters occur, heavy equipment can provide 
much-needed support. However, finding trained heavy-
equipment operators prepared to deal with emergency 
scenarios can be a challenge. To help address this need, CNH, 
through its CASE Construction Equipment brand and the CNH 
Industrial Foundation, supports Team Rubicon, a veteran-led, 
non-profit humanitarian organization that deploys emergency-
response teams serving communities across the globe. In 2023, 
the CNH Industrial Foundation issued grants totaling $650,000 
to support Team Rubicon and Team Rubicon Canada for their 
unrestricted Ready Reserve Funds and Heavy Equipment 
Training Programs. The Ready Reserve Funds are essential to 
prepare for and implement critical disaster-response operations 
and the Heavy Equipment Training Programs are dedicated to 
training and preparing Team Rubicon volunteers (“Greyshirts”) 
to operate heavy equipment in times of disaster. 
In 2023, Team Rubicon partnered with 2 CASE Construction 
Equipment dealers, Lawrence Equipment in Roanoke, VA, 
and RPM Machinery in Franklin, IN, which sponsored Heavy 
Equipment Operator (HEO) training at their locations over 
several weekends. These new options for training, in conjunction 
with other Team Rubicon events, resulted in a 43% increase 
in trained HEOs. This program also contributes to the future 
construction equipment workforce and provides Team Rubicon 
volunteers with additional skills for their own careers.
LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Page 70:
50 employees, plus their families, planted more than 200 trees together at CNH’s 
plant in Ferreyra, Córdoba, Argentina during an afforestation day.
B e y o n d  p r o v i d i n g  a  b e n e fi t  t o  t h o s e  i n  n e e d ,  e m p l o y e e  
volunteering can foster stronger connections and understanding 
between our Company and communities, as well as among our 
employees. CNH facilitates employee volunteering through 
programs such as events and drives, team-building volunteer 
events and — for employees in North America — Volunteer 
Time Off (VTO), which allows up to 24 working hours for 
volunteering. In 2023, 2221 employees volunteered 8,199 hours 
during working time. 
EMPLOYEE  
VOLUNTEERING
2,221
EMPLOYEES 
VOLUNTEERED 
DURING WORKING HOURS
70 ___ 71
03
SOCIAL

Page 71:
GOVERNANCE
EACH STRIDE WE TAKE IS AN EXHILARATING TEST  
OF OUR RESOLVE. WE MARCH ONWARD — IMPROVING  
EVERY DAY.  
RESILIENT

Page 72:
04
GOVERNANCE
 74 ___ BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 76 ___ GOVERNANCE SYSTEM  
 80 ___ RISK MANAGEMENT 
 82 ___ INFORMATION SECURITY 
 84 ___ POLICY  

Page 73:
BOARD OF  
DIRECTORS
OUR GOVERNANCE  
MODEL
THE CNH GOVERNANCE MODEL  
IS BUILT ON A STRUCTURE AND A 
SET OF RULES THAT THE COMPANY 
HAS ADOPTED TO MANAGE ITS 
OPERATIONS IN AN ETHICAL AND 
TRANSPARENT WAY. MAINTAINING 
THIS ROBUST GOVERNANCE MODEL 
IS ESSENTIAL TO EFFECTIVELY 
MANAGE OUR BUSINESSES FOR 
THE LONG-TERM INTERESTS OF 
ALL STAKEHOLDERS
The central pillars of our governance model include: 
 Ongoing alignment with international best practices
 A clear and comprehensive Code of Conduct for all employees
 An effective enterprise risk management system.
Governance Structure
CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER (CEO)
EXECUTIVE  
LEVEL
AUDIT COMMITTEE
 
HUMAN CAPITAL AND 
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, 
AND GOVERNANCE 
COMMITTEE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
CHIEF HUMAN 
RESOURCES 
OFFICER
OPERATIONAL  
LEVEL
GLOBAL COMPLIANCE 
AND ETHICS COMMITTEE
SUSTAINABILITY 
STEERING COMMITTEE
SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM


Page 74:
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors has collective responsibility for our 
strategy and oversees the development of the Company’s 
policies and goals regarding economic, environmental and 
social topics.
As of December 31, 2023, the Board was composed of 2 
E x e c u t i v e  D i r e c t o r s  ( C h a i r  a n d  C h i e f  E x e c u t i v e  O ffi c e r ) ,  w i t h  
responsibility for the day-to-day management of the Company, 
and 7 Non-Executive Directors, who are responsible for carrying 
out the Board’s oversight function. Six of the 7 Non-Executive 
Directors are independent. One has the role of Senior Non-
Executive Director and is responsible for the proper functioning 
of the Board and its Committees. CNH’s Non-Executive 
Directors are limited to serving on the boards of no more than 4 
other public companies.
The criteria used to select and appoint Members of the Board 
and its Committees are contained in the relevant guidelines, 
available on the Company website. Each Member of the 
Board is appointed or re-elected annually by shareholders 
during the Annual General Meeting. Recruiting Directors who 
strengthen the Board’s diversity is a priority, as this ensures that 
it reflects and understands the diverse perspectives of CNH’s 
stakeholders around the globe.
For further details on CNH’s Board of Directors and Board 
Members, please refer to our 2024 Proxy Statement.
Sustainability Governance
CNH has established an organizational structure that aims to 
optimize the management of sustainability considerations 
within the Company. The Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG) Committee of the Board is responsible for, among other 
things, overseeing CNH’s environmental, social and governance 
risks, and strategies, policies and practices to further its business 
purpose, values and reputation in the best interests of all CNH 
stakeholders. 
Reporting to the Board’s ESG Committee, the Sustainability 
Steering Committee (SSC) comprises internal experts 
responsible for incorporating sustainability criteria more 
e ff e c t i v e l y  i n t o  C N H ’ s  o v e r a l l  s t r a t e g y  a n d  f o r  e n s u r i n g  t h e  
necessary support within the Company for sustainability 
planning and reporting.
T h e  S S C  i s  c h a i r e d  b y  t h e  C h i e f  H u m a n  R e s o u r c e s  O ffi c e r  
and coordinated by the Corporate Sustainability Team. As 
of December 31, 2023, the permanent members of the SSC 
were the same as the members of the Senior Leadership Team 
(SLT). The SSC meets before every Environmental, Social and 
Governance Committee meeting, at least 4 times a year.
CNH’s Corporate Sustainability Team has an operational role 
and is responsible for conducting the Company’s materiality 
analysis and stakeholder engagement processes, and 
managing sustainability planning and reporting. The team is 
also specifically responsible for aligning with risk management, 
integrating sustainability strategies into day-to-day activities 
and supporting continuous improvement efforts across the 
organization.
As part of CNH’s commitment to sustainability governance, 
CNH has established the following key actions: 
 Quarterly Executive Sustainability Committee meetings 
chaired by CEO
 Quarterly ESG Committee Board meetings
 Leadership variable compensation linked to CO2 reduction 
and employee injury frequency targets.
04
GOVERNANCE
74 ___ 75
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Page 75:
Code of Conduct and Policies 
The Code of Conduct is an integral part of the Company’s 
internal control system. It applies to all CNH Directors, officers 
and employees, as well as to those acting for or on behalf of 
all CNH companies worldwide (including all joint ventures in 
which the Company holds a controlling interest) and addresses 
the ethical aspects of economic, social and environmental 
issues. Explicit reference is made to the UN Declaration of 
Human Rights, the relevant International Labour Organization 
(ILO) Conventions and the OECD1 Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises. 
The Code of Conduct reinforces CNH’s Cultural Beliefs on 
compliance and ethics, which are described as follows: 
“Customer First,” emphasizing honest and fair delivery; “Grow 
Together,” focusing on collective progress and diversity within 
the organization; “One Team,” stressing fair and equitable 
treatment for all; “Make it Simple,” promoting transparency and 
reducing complexity; and “Be the Best,” emphasizing achieving 
outstanding results via ethical standards.
In addition to the Code of Conduct, CNH has established 
Company policies, as well as internal and business processes 
and procedures, that supplement it and provide more detailed 
guidance for employees. 
The Code of Conduct is available in 19 languages and can be 
found on the Company’s website. Compliance policies are 
also available in multiple languages and can be found in the 
Compliance and Ethics section of the Company’s Intranet portal. 
CNH’s Supplier Code of Conduct is available in 9 languages on 
both the Company’s website and Intranet. The Supplier Code 
of Conduct summarizes the Company’s expectations of all 
its suppliers and compliance is a mandatory requirement for 
continuing business relations.
CNH’S CODE OF CONDUCT IS THE 
CORNERSTONE OF OUR COMPLIANCE 
AND ETHICS PROGRAM AND PROVIDES 
ACCESS TO THE COMPANY’S GLOBAL 
POLICIES ON TOPICS INCLUDING FAIR 
EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES, SAFETY 
IN THE WORKPLACE, SUPPORTING 
AND FOSTERING ENVIRONMENTAL 
AWARENESS AND RESPECTING 
THE COMMUNITIES IN WHICH CNH 
OPERATES 
GOVERNANCE  
SYSTEM  
(1) Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development.


Page 76:
Application and Dissemination
Full-time salaried employees are annually required to complete 
Code of Conduct training. In 2023, this was delivered to 16,508 
employees. Further, managers and above must certify annually 
that they have read, understand and agree to comply with the 
Code of Conduct. Additional compliance training is provided to 
employees on key risks and expectations of employees. 
The Company advocates the Code of Conduct and the Supplier 
Code of Conduct as best-practice standards in business ethics 
among the partners, suppliers, consultants, agents, dealers and 
other third parties with whom it has long-term relationships. 
CNH’s contracts with these third parties include specific clauses 
relating to the recognition of, and adherence to, the fundamental 
principles of the Code of Conduct and related policies, as well 
as compliance with applicable laws, particularly those related 
to bribery and corruption, money laundering, antitrust/
competition law and other corporate criminal liabilities. 
Compliance Risk Management
CNH conducts compliance risk assessments on an annual 
basis to help management teams measure the likelihood of an 
occurrence of various compliance and ethics-related risks facing 
the Company, as well as the degree of impact. Risk assessments 
also assist managers in evaluating the effectiveness of existing 
mitigation strategies and in prioritizing the risks requiring 
attention and resources. 
In 2023, CNH continued targeted training on the critical issues 
identified during the risk assessment performed over the 
previous year, with a focus on workplace respect and sexual 
harassment, fraud and ethics culture, antitrust/competition law, 
anti-corruption and bribery and conflict of interest. 
Monitoring and Investigations
CNH encourages individuals to report situations in which they 
have a good-faith belief that any circumstance or action has 
violated our Code of Conduct, global policy or applicable law. 
Those who wish to report a concern can do so confidentially 
and anonymously through our Compliance Helpline, which is 
operated by an independent company. This communication 
channel is available to receive confidential reports from anyone 
within or outside the Company.
Our Compliance Helpline Policy2 states that reports can be 
submitted (also on an anonymous basis, where permitted by law):
 In person to a manager or other Company representative
 Through a dedicated website
 By telephone through dedicated phone lines (to a call center 
managed by a third party).
Company policy protects anyone reporting a concern in good 
faith from retaliation of any kind. A global case-management 
system, implemented in conjunction with the Compliance 
Helpline, helps ensure the accurate tracking and timely 
resolution of investigations, which are primarily conducted by 
Internal Audit, HR or the Legal and Compliance department. 
The materiality of all reported matters is evaluated according 
to criteria approved by the Global Compliance and Ethics 
Committee (GC&EC). Whether a matter is defined as material 
depends on aspects such as the extent of the potential penalties 
or monetary losses involved, the seniority of the implicated 
person or the nature of the alleged violation. Matters defined 
as material are escalated to either the applicable Regional 
Compliance and Ethics Committee (RC&EC) or the GC&EC, 
depending on their extent and severity, for review and approval 
of findings and corrective actions.
Periodic Auditing 
CNH regularly monitors the application of the Company’s main 
compliance policies in each geographic area. Monitoring is 
carried out by the Internal Audit Department and audit results, 
i d e n t i fi e d  v i o l a t i o n s  a n d  a g r e e d  c o r r e c t i v e  m e a s u r e s  a r e  
passed on to the relevant corporate departments and senior 
management. 
In 2023, the Company disclosed the results of 49 compliance-
related internal audits conducted at its main operational sites. 
The audits revealed substantial compliance with the main 
standards. Any violations relating to aspects included in the 
Code of Conduct were managed either through appropriate 
disciplinary action or action plans to improve internal control 
procedures.
(2) www.cnhindustrialcompliancehelpline.com .
MORE DETAILS ARE AVAILABLE IN THE APPENDIX 
(SEE PAGE 133). 
04
GOVERNANCE
76 ___ 77
GOVERNANCE SYSTEM

Page 77:
The Corruption Perception Index, published by Transparency 
International, is generally used as a guide by the corporate 
Compliance and Ethics function in assessing and categorizing 
t h e  s p e c i fi c  r i s k s  a n d  p r e v a l e n c e  o f  c o r r u p t i o n  i n  e a c h  
geographic area and the type of controls needed. The Company 
also provides corruption prevention training using both online 
and scenario-based classroom training.
In 2023, there were no confirmed corruption and bribery cases 
reported through the Compliance Helpline.
Third-Party Due Diligence Process 
The corporate Compliance and Ethics function has developed 
a Third-Party Due Diligence process, using a third-party risk 
a s s e s s m e n t  a n d  d u e  d i l i g e n c e  w o r k fl o w  t o o l .  T h i s  p r o c e s s  
gives the Company more insight into the specific risks posed 
by different third parties with whom it does business, based on 
attributes such as location, type of interaction between the third 
party and the Company, and possible interaction between the 
third party and government officials in connection with its work 
for the Company. Third parties identified as posing a high risk 
are subject to variable levels of additional due diligence based 
on their specific risk profile. The due diligence process ranges 
from the basic screening of relevant watch lists to obtaining 
in-depth corporate intelligence reports from external diligence 
sources. 
Trade Compliance
In accordance with its International Trade Compliance Policy, 
CNH is committed to complying with all applicable international 
trade laws and regulations (including import and export control 
laws, anti-boycott, anti-dumping, anti-corruption laws and 
sanction programs). In addition, the Company has established 
a dedicated Global Trade Compliance function that builds upon 
existing compliance tools, expanding and diversifying existing 
processes to encompass and address new regulations and a 
dynamic trade environment.
Antitrust and Competition 
CNH is committed to complying with all applicable competition 
and antitrust legislation and to not engaging in business 
practices that may violate applicable antitrust or competition 
laws. 
Our Code of Conduct expressly indicates that the know-how, 
trade secrets, intellectual property and other proprietary 
information developed by CNH are fundamental and critically 
valuable resources that every employee is required to protect. 
The Company and its subsidiaries are also required to protect 
the confidentiality of information they may receive from third 
parties. 
CNH’s internal audit program verifies the competition and 
antitrust processes and controls in place. In relation to the 
acquisition of new businesses, an antitrust audit is conducted 
in connection with other due diligence activities and with the 
support of specialized external law firms.
Violation Reporting 
In 2023, the Company responded to and/ or investigated 368 
new matters submitted through the Compliance Helpline 
(50% of which were submitted anonymously) or through other 
available corporate communication channels.
M a t t e r s  r e l a t e d  t o  w o r k p l a c e  r e s p e c t / H R  i s s u e s  ( 6 2 %  o f  
investigations) include concerns about general workplace 
conflict, bullying and employment law. Business integrity issues 
(14%) include improper business practices, misuse of company 
resources, improper gifts or entertainment and expense report 
issues. 4% of investigated reports (marked ‘Others’) are related 
to environment, health and safety, accounting and internal 
control, and external relationships. 
In 2023, there were no reported breaches on money 
laundering submitted through the Compliance Helpline. 135 
of the allegations investigated were substantiated or partially 
substantiated as breaches of the Code of Conduct or of 
Company policies. 
Anti-Corruption and Bribery 
CNH’s Anti-Corruption Policy establishes procedures designed 
to ensure full compliance with applicable legislation. Oversight 
of the Policy lies with the corporate Compliance and Ethics 
function. The Company’s culture of integrity requires all 
employees to actively collaborate in monitoring the Policy’s 
enforcement and to set an example of ethical conduct by 
reporting any potential violations to their managers, Human 
Resources or Compliance representatives or using the 
Compliance Helpline. The Policy is supplemented by regional 
addendums that consider the specific corruption risk factors 
of each geographic area. It has been sent to all Company 
employees and senior management worldwide and is available 
on the corporate Intranet in 19 languages. 
13% 
Discrimination/Harassment
7% 
Conflicts of Interest
4% 
Others
14% 
Business Integrity 
62% 
Workplace Respect/HR Issues
COMPLIANCE HELPLINE INVESTIGATED MATTERS 
CNH worldwide (%)
GOVERNANCE SYSTEM

Page 78:
Human and Labor Rights Management 
CNH supports the protection of fundamental human rights in all 
its operations and seeks to promote respect for these principles 
to all entities and individuals with whom it has a business 
relationship. 
The Company’s commitment is summarized in its Code of 
Conduct, in the Human Rights Policy that supplements it and in 
the Supplier Code of Conduct. 
The human rights principles included in these documents 
are consistent with the spirit and intent of the UN Declaration 
of Human Rights, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises and the relevant Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work of the ILO.
The Company’s Code of Conduct and policies apply to all the 
C o m p a n y ’ s  D i r e c t o r s ,  o ffi c e r s  a n d  e m p l o y e e s ,  a s  w e l l  a s  t o  
those acting for or on behalf of all CNH companies worldwide. 
CNH implements specific procedures to monitor respect for 
human rights within its operations, assessing the potential 
impact of those operations on human rights and implementing 
mitigating and preventative measures where needed. 
CNH’s approach to the management of human and labor rights 
focuses on 8 main areas:
Human Rights Assessment
CNH monitors respect for human rights within the Company’s 
operations and across its supply chain and customer base. With 
regard to its internal operations3, CNH’s Internal Audit function 
has conducted impact assessment surveys with the Human 
Resources functions of the geographic area selected. The 
impact assessment also focuses on local communities, namely 
on the promotion of their social and economic development 
based on their specific needs.
CNH conducts its Human Rights Assessments at least every 3 
years and will conduct its next assessment in 2024. The most 
r e c e n t  a s s e s s m e n t  c o n fi r m e d  t h e  p r e s e n c e  o f  p o l i c i e s  a n d  
controls designed to ensure respect for human rights, in line 
with local legal requirements, and did not identify any concerns 
or issues, including in relation to child or forced labor and 
freedom of association. The assessments complied with the 
requirements of Articles 17 and 18 of the UN Guiding Principles 
on Business and Human Rights, 20114 (Ruggie Framework).
CNH also assesses the entire workforce and all its legal entities 
with regard to child labor. In 2021, this survey revealed one case 
of non-compliance, which related to the hiring of an employee 
who at the time was 17 years old.
(3) Joint ventures in which CNH holds at least a 51% interest are included in the perimeter. 
(4) United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights: Implementing 
the United Nations ‘Protect, Respect and Remedy’ Framework 2011.
INTERNAL OPERATIONS
SUPPLIERS
NEW BUSINESSES
CUSTOMERS
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH 
AND SAFETY
WORKING 
CONDITIONS
NO DISCRIMINATION
NO CHILD LABOR
NO FORCED LABOR, HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING, OR ANY FORM OF SLAVERY
NO HARASSMENT
FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION
AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING
NO RETALIATION
04
GOVERNANCE
78 ___ 79
GOVERNANCE SYSTEM

Page 79:
Risk Mitigation Activities
We take steps to mitigate any adverse impacts to our business 
plan, including financial and operational performance, while 
our ERM framework monitors emerging risks that may be 
incorporated into risk assessment and mitigation activities as 
required. 
Our risk appetite is set within risk-taking and risk-acceptance 
parameters driven by our business plan, Code of Conduct, core 
principles and values, policies and applicable laws. Our ERM 
framework includes a structured risk management process to 
address key risks, with a delineated risk appetite applied to each 
of the risk categories and enterprise risks. 
Enhancements to the 
Risk Management Process
We continue to enhance our risk management processes, 
including the ongoing rollout of targeted risk assessments 
conducted by subject-matter experts within the business. 
These assessments help identify important risk exposures 
outside of predetermined risk tolerance levels and trigger new 
o r  p r e v i o u s l y  i d e n t i fi e d  r i s k  m i t i g a t i o n  a c t i v i t i e s  t o  r e d u c e  o r  
eliminate risk exposures altogether. 
In addition, as part of our alignment and monitoring activities, 
we ensure the results of our most current materiality assessment 
are integrated into our ERM process, so that the most material 
topics are incorporated into our risk register. For example, the 
topic of biodiversity has gained importance and was considered 
a material topic for CNH. In 2023, it was added to our ERM 
process.
We also improved the internal transparency of our risk profile 
and increased efficiencies across ERM, Finance, Internal 
Audit, IT Security, Internal Controls (including Sarbanes-Oxley 
functions), Sustainability and Legal and Compliance. Quarterly 
risk reports bring business transparency to our risk management 
processes and latest risk profiles. Finally, we continued to 
expand our GRC software platform to provide more intuitive 
and automated coverage of common high-risk areas such as 
information technology and cybersecurity, business continuity 
management and ESG monitoring and reporting.
RISK MANAGEMENT IS DESIGNED 
TO HELP IDENTIFY, ASSESS AND 
PRIORITIZE BUSINESS RISKS WHILE 
MAXIMIZING OPPORTUNITIES AS 
PART OF OUR ENTERPRISE RISK 
MANAGEMENT (ERM) FRAMEWORK 
Our ERM framework has identified 43 primary enterprise risks 
and 134 specific risk drivers. Primary risk drivers include business 
strategies and operations, competition, social responsibility and 
environmental issues, and regulatory compliance. 
The process follows a bottom-up analysis. It starts at the 
business unit level, with a risk survey completed by business 
and function leaders worldwide, followed by cross-functional 
reviews, one-on-one interviews with Senior Leadership Team 
members and presentations and risk assessment discussions 
with the Audit Committee. Finally, it is reviewed and discussed 
at Board level. Direct feedback from each level is used to identify 
and develop risk mitigation routes. 
CNH’s potential overall risk exposure is set out in the Risk 
Factors section of the 2023 EU IFRS Annual Report. 
RISK  
MANAGEMENT  


Page 80:
Pure Risk Management1
The Risk Management Center of Competence2 addresses all 
stages of pure risk management, including risk identification, 
analysis and treatment (including loss prevention). 
The 4 pillars of pure risk management are:
 Preventing accidents or limiting their effect
 Adopting the highest standards for the prevention 
of property loss
 Minimizing the cost of risk by optimizing loss prevention, 
investments, self-insurance and risk transfer programs
 Centralizing and consolidating relationships with global 
insurance markets.
The center is responsible for overseeing pure risks (e.g., fires, 
explosions or natural disasters) and related insurance coverage, 
and plays a central role in the management of events that could 
potentially affect operations or the integrity of physical assets 
(in particular, our 348 sites worldwide)3.
In 2023, the center managed 47 sites, representing 81% of the 
insured value; the latter represents 100% of the scope of all loss-
prevention activities. 
We also performed 18 on-site inspections covering 
approximately 50% of the CNH scope in terms of insured value. 
In addition, 60 new projects were tracked, confirming the 
highest level of compliance with international loss-prevention 
standards. 
In 20234, our investment in loss prevention and mitigation totaled 
around €1.2 million in recommended improvements. These 
targeted investments cut loss expectancies by approximately 
€315 million, resulting in a Global Efficiency Index (GEI) of 0.385, 
in line with the highest international standards. In addition, our 
loss-prevention investments reduced the expected loss due to 
property damage by 42% and to business interruptions by 58%.
Analysis of the Potential Impact 
of Climate Change 
We completed a quantitative climate-related scenario 
assessment of material physical climate risks that could 
significantly affect our operations, assets and production. 
We used various modeling and forecasting tools (geo-risk 
insurance tools) and the results were checked on-site to ensure 
their reliability.
The material physical climate risk assessment covered 81% of 
our insured value, with mitigation plans typically being shorter 
than 5 years. 
Flood risk re-engineering
Our Risk Management Center of Competence launched a 
specific flood risk re-engineering project to study potential new 
risks posed by climate change. It has 3 main goals:
 Raise awareness across the entire organization of the 
potential new flood risks posed by climate change
 Explain the nature of the flood risks associated with climate 
change
 Verify all risk management processes in place and any new 
measures under development or yet to be developed to take 
account of the potential impacts of climate change.
T h e  r i s k  a n a l y s i s  w a s  b a s e d  o n  v i s u a l  a n d / o r  t o o l - b a s e d  
interpretation techniques and field checks. The aim of the 
project was to establish a state-of-the-art methodology to 
assess flood risks.
This methodology was applied comprehensively at all 47 sites 
worldwide under the control of the Risk Management Center of 
Competence. 
Cyber Risk Management
Our cross-functional workgroup made up of cyber risk 
experts and insurance market leaders is coordinated by 
the Risk Management loss-prevention team. Last year, this 
workgroup completed a comprehensive and in-depth cyber 
risk assessment to address insurance needs. The ad hoc risk 
assessment framework covered:
 Exposure threats of vital company assets, the information to 
be protected and protection level requirements
 Existing policies and procedures to reduce the risk of an attack 
in the event of a security breach
 Existing plans and procedures to neutralize threats and remedy 
security issues.
T h e  p r o j e c t  a l l o w e d  u s  t o  a s s e s s  a n d  s e c u r e  a d e q u a t e  
insurance coverage. In 2023, the team made up of IT and Risk 
Management members continued to improve existing policies 
and procedures to reduce the likelihood and impact of a cyber-
related loss, based on the recommendations of cyber insurance 
companies.
(1) Pure risks are risks resulting from natural causes or accidental or malicious acts 
(fires, explosions, floods, etc.) that may result not only in damage to goods or 
facilities, but also in the short or long-term interruption of operations.
(2) The risk management process is led by Stellantis Risk Management, which 
provides its services to CNH.
(3) Source: 2023 Insurance Renewal; the term ‘site’ refers to an individual unit, 
identified by a company, employer or business area, on which a specific risk 
assessment is performed. Therefore, every manufacturing plant may be broken 
down into more than one site. 
(4) Figures relate to the period from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 (Insurance Year).
(4) The Global Efficiency Index for loss mitigation measures (GEI = cost of protection/
reduction of expected damage) is recognized as a measure of best practice for 
industrial risk management.
80 ___ 81
RISK MANAGEMENT  

Page 81:
Data privacy is established by the rules that govern personal 
data collection and handling. The latter includes processing, use, 
transfer, sharing, possession and disposal. CNH is committed to 
collecting, storing and processing personal data in compliance 
with all applicable laws. CNH is continually expanding its own 
Privacy Management framework: a set of policies, guidelines, 
tools, skills and resources aimed at ensuring compliance with 
multiple data privacy regulations around the world. 
The Privacy Management framework includes:
 Appropriate organizational and technical measures to ensure 
correct and secure processing, according to the Company’s 
Data Privacy Policy and the Privacy by Design principle 
 Procedures to collect and respond to privacy related inquiries 
from data subjects
 A comprehensive record of data processing activities, including 
personal data retention schedules/criteria
 A process to regularly assess and evaluate data privacy risks, 
including but not limited to:
  Procedures to consult with representatives of data subjects 
upon use of their personal data, if necessary
  Monitoring of the ongoing compliance of third-party data 
processors and evaluation of risks related to potential gaps 
identified.
Compliance with data privacy regulations is monitored by a 
dedicated body within the Compliance and Ethics function and 
is subject to audits by the Internal Audit function. Just as for 
information security, all employees receive online data privacy 
training at least once every 3 years, while for new hires it is part 
of the onboarding process. 
In 2023, over 13,000 employees worldwide received training 
on the appropriate handling of personal information, for a 
total of over 9,000 hours. During the year, CNH received no 
substantiated complaints concerning breaches of privacy.
At CNH, we are stepping up our intelligence gathering to 
protect the Company from potentially damaging cyberattacks 
and building our resilience and ability to recover if a cyberattack 
does occur. The changes are in line with the Cybersecurity 
Framework (Version 1.1) issued by the US National Institute of 
S t a n d a r d s  a n d  T e c h n o l o g y  ( N I S T ) .  O u r  e ff o r t s  a l s o  i n c l u d e  
enhancing information security along the entire supply chain, 
such as by ensuring that data is handled in line with Security by 
Design 3.0 principles.
INFORMATION  
SECURITY
DATA PROTECTION  
AND PRIVACY
INFORMATION  
SECURITY AND  
DATA PRIVACY  
33%
EMPLOYEES RECEIVED  
TRAINING ON THE APPROPRIATE
HANDLING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION


Page 82:
Cyber Risk Management
We have established a cross-functional work group made 
up of cyber risk experts and insurance market leaders and 
coordinated by the Risk Management loss-prevention team. 
This workgroup has completed a comprehensive and in-depth 
cyber risk assessment to address insurance needs. The risk 
assessment framework covered: 
 Threats of exposure of vital Company assets, the information 
to be protected and protection level requirements 
 Policies and procedures in place to reduce the damage that 
could be caused in the event of a security breach 
 Plans and procedures in place to neutralize threats and remedy 
security issues.
T h e  a s s e s s m e n t  l e d  t o  t h e  d e fi n i t i o n  a n d  i m p l e m e n t a t i o n  o f  
adequate insurance coverage. In 2023, the team made up of IT 
and Risk Management members continued to work on possible 
improvements to current policies and procedures to reduce 
the likelihood and impact of a cyber-related loss, based on the 
recommendations of cyber insurance companies.
04
GOVERNANCE
82 ___ 83
INFORMATION SECURITY

Page 83:
Our Code of Conduct states that all relations must be transparent 
and conducted legally and in accordance with our values. We 
abide by 2 compliance policies that regulate relations with 
public institutions: US Lobbying Activities and Other Contacts 
with US Government Officials; and Political Action Committee 
Activity and Other Political Contributions.
In Europe, Africa and the Middle East, our Institutional 
Relations Department is responsible for overseeing advocacy 
activities and supporting our engagement with institutions 
and stakeholders. We will continue to pursue initiatives that 
tackle climate change and food security; CNH is registered with 
the European Transparency Register, operated jointly by the 
European Parliament, European Commission and Council of the 
European Union. 
CNH is a member of many advocacy organizations and in 2023, 
membership fees totaled approximately $4.046 million globally. 
The 3 largest were to the Austrian Federal Economic Chamber 
(WKO), for $709,301, the Federation for the Technology 
Industry (AGORIA) in Belgium, for $362,994, and the National 
Cattlemen’s Beef Association (NCBA) in the USA, for $305,990.
CNH AIMS TO MAKE A POSITIVE 
CONTRIBUTION TO POLICIES, 
REGULATIONS AND STANDARDS ON 
ISSUES THAT AFFECT US AND THE 
COMMUNITIES IN WHICH WE OPERATE 
The Senior Leadership Team (SLT) has ultimate responsibility 
for our institutional relations, but geographic teams are 
responsible for:
 Monitoring policy trends and building relationships with public 
authorities, trade associations, international organizations, the 
business sector and NGOs 
 Advocating with policy-makers and other relevant stakeholders
 Interacting with external stakeholders and participating 
i n  p u b l i c  d i a l o g u e  t o  p r o t e c t  a n d  e n h a n c e  o u r  p r o fi l e  a n d  
strategies
 Supporting our business goals by addressing business issues 
and identifying opportunities in institutional and/or diplomatic 
relations. 
POLICY
$4.046 
MILLION IN
MEMBERSHIP FEES
IN 2023


Page 84:
We are focused on increasing the awareness and active 
participation of institutional and economic stakeholders, the 
public and international organizations when it comes to:
 Key issues related to our product strategy and related 
advocacy, such as alternative fuels, digitalization, connectivity 
data, safety, precision farming, sustainable construction 
equipment and agricultural machineries
 Our corporate positioning on sustainability, climate change, 
renewable energy, circular economy, safety, product 
innovation, automation, connected platforms and the future of 
farming.
In 2023, we organized and participated in webinars, 
conferences, working groups, roundtables and initiatives, as 
well as virtual and in-person meetings to encourage and foster 
public debate and policy-making on the most relevant matters 
for sustainability. These include climate change, food security 
and the innovative and digital world. 
Initiatives Linked 
to Combating Climate Change
We contribute to combating climate change by promoting 
alternative powertrain solutions and innovative vehicles, and we 
participate in the debate around climate change, air quality and 
other important issues. 
In North America, we are a member of the NAM, representing 
small and large manufacturers from every industrial sector 
across all 50 states. The group advocates energy efficiency 
and for environmental protection, with a particular focus on 
emissions reduction, chemical risk management, recycling, 
biodiversity protection and water use. 
We are also a member of the US-based Association of 
Equipment Manufacturers (AEM), whose energy policy 
statement addresses domestic energy production by focusing 
on both conventional and renewable energy sources, and 
by implementing the US Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS). 
The AEM also focuses on helping the US administration and 
leaders in Congress understand the importance of the RFS 
for manufacturers and on advancing efforts to expand fueling 
infrastructure.
In EMEA, we collaborate with associations that have our 
brands as members. Specifically, we contribute to the public 
debate and policy-making aimed at discussing ways to achieve 
the circular economy and use connectivity, telematics and 
precision technology to further improve the sustainability 
of the construction and agricultural sectors. We contribute 
to policy development and related debates, both at EU and 
national levels, in support of alternative fuels and digitalization, 
for example, promoting the use of biomethane. In October, 
we played a key role at the European Agricultural Machinery 
Association (CEMA)’s Empowering Sustainable Agriculture 
Summit, in Brussels, Belgium, where an Innovation Village 
exhibition featured New Holland’s Energy Independent Farm 
concept and the CASE IH Connect Room, both central pillars of 
our sustainable agriculture strategy.
In December, we participated in the EU Agri-Food Days event. 
During the panel discussion Digitalization for Sustainability, we 
gave our perspective on the most recent trends in precision 
farming and the latest developments in data-driven agriculture.
We are a long-standing member of the Committee for European 
Construction Equipment (CECE) and of CEMA. Throughout 
2023, CNH collaborated to bring forward EU legislation on 
t h e  s a f e ty  a n d  e n v i r o n m e n t a l  a s p e ct s  o f  o ff - r o a d  m a c h i n e ry . 
We are also working with CECE and CEMA to enhance the 
EU regulatory landscape for the adoption of electric/hybrid 
machinery.
We are a member of the European Association of Internal 
Combustion Engine and Alternative Powertrain Manufacturers 
(EUROMOT) and contributed to activities centered on 
Non-Road Mobile Machinery (NRMM) exhaust emissions 
and supported EUROMOT scope expansion to alternative 
powertrains. 
Through our New Holland brand, we are a member of the 
European Biogas Association (EBA). In 2023, we became an 
associated member of the Biomethane Industrial Partnership 
(BIP), which supports the target of 35 billion cubic meters 
annual production and use of sustainable biomethane by 2030.
PUBLIC POLICY  
AND INTEREST  
REPRESENTATION
04
GOVERNANCE
84 ___ 85

Page 85:
In 2023, we supported and/or participated in many international 
initiatives for sustainable agricultural development, particularly 
in Europe and Africa. In July, our Chair, Lady Suzanne Heywood, 
spoke on behalf of CNH and the broader private sector at 
the opening ceremony of the UN Food Systems Summit +2 
Stocktaking Moment in Rome on the crucial role the private 
sector plays in improving access to food by deploying capital 
investment, innovation and expertise. In September, we 
collaborated with the Food and Agriculture Organization 
o f  t h e  U n i t e d  N a t i o n s  i n  t h e  fi r s t - e v e r  G l o b a l  C o n f e r e n c e  
on Agricultural Mechanization (GAMC) and in March and 
October, we worked with Italy’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and 
International Cooperation on food security-focused country 
missions to Egypt and Tunisia. 
In LATAM, we belong to the Argentine Association of 
Manufacturers and Distributors of Tractors and other 
Agricultural Equipment (AFAT) and lead important discussions 
related to emissions, technical standards, types of fuel, safety 
and ergonomics.
In the USA, we are a member of the American Chamber of 
Commerce to the European Union (AmCham EU), which aims 
to ensure a growth-oriented business and investment climate 
in Europe. In 2023, CNH participated in several task forces and 
promoted the debate in Europe on food security, agriculture, 
sustainability, energy and diversity and inclusion. 
In LATAM, we are a member of the Brazilian Machinery Builders’ 
Association (ABIMAQ), which leads important discussions 
related to legislation on the use and application of machines in 
agribusiness and in public infrastructure works. We are also a 
member of the Brazilian Agribusiness Association (ABAG), the 
American Chamber of Commerce for Brazil (AMCHAM) and the 
National Association of Motor Vehicle Producers (ANFAVEA).
In APAC, we continued to participate in several institutional 
debates and work groups on China’s off-road vehicle emissions 
standards, including at local trade associations, such as the 
China Association of Agricultural Machinery Manufacturers 
(CAAMM) and with Vehicle Emission Control Center (VECC), 
a research institute affiliated to the Ministry of Ecology and 
Environment of China.  
We are also a member of the Tractor and Mechanization 
Association (TMA) and the Indian Construction Equipment 
Manufacturers’ Association (ICEMA). 
Initiatives Linked 
to Improving Food Security
In 2023, we organized initiatives and participated in events to 
address food security through precision farming, agricultural 
mechanization and global collaborations. 
In North America, we are a proud supporter of the Future 
Farmers of America (FFA), a dynamic youth organization that 
changes lives and prepares members for leadership, personal 
growth and career success through agricultural education. 
In EMEA, as a member of both the board and strategic committee 
of CEMA, we aim to strengthen relationships with stakeholders 
within the agri-food chain while promoting precision farming. 
We promote our policies on sustainable agriculture, alternative 
fuels, autonomous driving, data, digitalization and cybersecurity, 
believing these topics are gaining in importance and fueling the 
political debate regarding the future EU Common Agricultural 
Policy (CAP). 
POLICY

Page 86:
We collaborate in Brazil with the Agricultural Research 
Corporation (Embrapa), which has links to the country’s 
Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply (MAPA). Its focus 
is agricultural production research and new technologies 
that increase agricultural production while reducing land use, 
promoting reforestation and preserving native forests and 
water resources. 
We are a founding member of ConectarAgro, which promotes 
internet access in the country’s agricultural and rural regions 
to help farmers become more productive and competitive. To 
date, ConectarAgro has successfully extended connectivity to 
over 14,000 hectares of agricultural land. 
In APAC, we actively participate in the Agricultural Machinery 
Working Group China, organized by VDMA China (a branch of 
the German Mechanical Engineering Industry Association). We 
also have roles in the Food and Beverage Working Group of 
the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China (EUCCC); 
the China Association of Agricultural Machinery Manufacturers 
(CAAMM); the China Agricultural Machinery Distribution 
Association (CAMDA); the Tractor and Machinery Association of 
Australia (TMA); and the Tractor and Mechanization Association 
(TMA) in India. 
We conduct all our relationships with political parties and 
their representatives or candidates transparently and with 
integrity. Financial contributions to political parties are only 
allowed where permitted by law and must be authorized at the 
appropriate level. 
In 2023, we made no contributions to political parties. Any 
political affiliation or financial contribution by an employee 
is a personal matter and completely voluntary, including 
contributions made through a Political Action Committee 
(PAC). In the USA, we provide administrative support to the 
CNH Excellence in Government Fund, a PAC that collects 
voluntary, personal contributions from staff. Information 
relating to these contributions is available on the US Federal 
Election Commission website.
86 ___ 87
POLITICAL  
PARTIES
POLICY

Page 87:
APPENDIX
WE VALUE THE TRUST OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND  
PARTNERS ABOVE ALL. WE RELENTLESSLY DIG DEEPER  
TO ENHANCE THE QUALITY OF THEIR LIVES AND THEIR  
LIFE’S WORK THROUGH OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.
LOYAL  

Page 88:
05
APPENDIX
 90 ___ MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT 
 96 ___ REPORT PARAMETERS  
 102 ___ PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 134 ___ ASSURANCE STATEMENT 
 137 ___ GRI INDEX  
 140 ___ SASB INDEX  
 141 ___ CONTACTS

Page 89:
MATERIALITY  
ASSESSMENT
Impact and financial materiality
We draw on a range of sources to establish the parameters of 
sustainability topics, including our past materiality assessments; 
the Global Reporting Framework (GRI); the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB); and EFRAG thematic 
topics. We identified 20 sub-topics within environment, social 
and governance. 
We considered any short, medium and long-term effects, both 
positive and negative, including any that are unintended and 
irreversible that may affect our financial, organizational and 
reputational performance now and in the future. 
The aim of the impact assessment is to understand how any 
activity affects or potentially affects people or the environment. 
This includes consequences directly caused by or contributed 
to us, including our Upstream and Downstream value chain.
The financial assessment is designed to understand the planet 
a n d  s o c i e t y ’ s  p o t e n t i a l  e ff e c t  o n  a  b u s i n e s s .  T o p i c s  c a n  b e  
financially material if they trigger a financial impact. This can 
take the form of risks or opportunities related to our enterprise 
value and can occur at any time. 
Stakeholder Engagement
Stakeholders are individuals, groups or organizations that can 
affect or are affected by what we do and our objectives. W e 
need to continually understand our stakeholders so we can 
accurately gauge their interests and priorities. In our double 
materiality assessment, we consulted 740 internal and external 
stakeholders on the relevance of the sustainability material 
topics and ranked each topic based on their feedback.
AT CNH, WE USE MATERIALITY 
ANALYSIS TO PRIORITIZE 
SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS AND ENSURE 
THEY ARE REFLECTED IN ALL OUR 
BUSINESS DECISIONS.
We conduct a comprehensive materiality assessment at least 
every 3 years and every year we check the results of the current 
assessment against our business strategy and priorities. 
Our most recent materiality assessment was in 2023 and was 
based on the GRI Universal Standards published in 2021. It 
followed the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group 
(EFRAG) draft guidelines on double materiality. This ensures 
we assess both our impact on the planet and society and any 
financial consequences that the planet and society have on our 
business operations. 
The double materiality assessment is carried out in 4 phases: 1) 
identifying potentially relevant material issues; 2) assessing the 
material issues’ impact on society, environment, stakeholders 
and our business, including financial impact; 3) stakeholder 
engagement and analysis; and 4) reviewing and validation. This 
allows us to determine the relevance of sustainability topics for 
key stakeholders and helps us identify and manage our impact 
over time and as new ones arise.

Page 90:
CLIMATE CHANGE
PRODUCTS
HEALTH AND SAFETY 
The results were reviewed, validated and signed off by our ESG 
Committee of the Board of Directors, verified by a third-party 
assurance provider and integrated into our Enterprise Risk 
Management process. 
Double Materiality Matrix Results
T h e  r e s u l t s  f r o m  t h e  i m p a c t  a s s e s s m e n t  a n d  t h e  fi n a n c i a l  
materiality assessment have been combined into a double 
materiality matrix. The X axis charts the financial materiality of 
each sustainability sub-topic, the Y axis their impact materiality. 
Results found the following topics the most important: 
KEY
SOCIAL
GOVERNANCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
 PEOPLE
 HUMAN RIGHTS
 HEALTH & SAFETY
 COMMUNITY
 PRODUCT
 CLIMATE CHANGE
 BIODIVERSITY
 CIRCULAR 
ECONOMY
 RESPONSIBLE 
BUSINESS
 VALUE CHAIN 
MANAGEMENT
 PRIVACY & 
SECURITY
 SUPPLY CHAIN
 GOVERNANCE
 ECONOMIC
 ENVIRONMENTAL 
COMPLIANCE
 WASTE
 WATER
 LOCAL 
ENVIRONMENTS
 ENERGY 
EFFICIENCY & 
RENEWABLES
 EMISSIONS & 
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT
IMPACT MATERIALITY
FINANCIAL MATERIALITY
INFORMATIVE
INFORMATIVE IMPORTANT SIGNIFICANT CRITICAL
IMPORTANT SIGNIFICANT CRITICAL
CNH DOUBLE MATERIALITY MATRIX CNH worldwide
05
APPENDIX
90 ___ 91
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Page 91:
Our energy management system enables each plant to monitor 
and reduce its energy consumption and the impact of any CO2 it 
generates. By the end of 2023, 30 plants retained their ISO 50001: 
2018 certification, representing 100% of our operations’ energy 
c o n s u m p t i o n .  W e  a l s o  i d e n t i fi e d  t h e  I n t e r n a l  P r i c e  o f  C a r b o n ,  
which allows us to prioritize energy-saving projects based on 
their ability to generate the greatest reduction in CO2 emissions.
Metrics to Measure Progress on Climate Change
We have the following targets to measure the environmental 
performance of our manufacturing processes and product 
portfolio.
Percentage of annual growth in ‘acres covered’, representing 
number of precision technologies adopted by customers.
ESG Priorities
Material Issue #1 Climate Change
Why Climate Change is Material to CNH 
and External Stakeholders
Poor, severe and unusual weather conditions caused by climate 
change can significantly affect the productivity, profitability 
and purchasing decisions of our agricultural customers. While 
lower farm incomes can reduce demand, the need to make the 
best use of cultivable land can increase demand for equipment 
that increases productivity and efficiency. 
The potentially long-term effects of climate change on our 
facilities, suppliers, customers and our own operations are 
highly uncertain and each region will be affected differently — 
for example, by long-term changes in temperature and water 
availability. Again, this may result in lower demand for our 
products, as well as adversely affect our costs, production, sales 
and financial performance.
Business Strategy to Address Climate Change 
CNH has a decarbonization strategy, sustainability projects and 
long-term strategic targets that address the potential impacts 
of climate change. Climate-related risks and opportunities are 
embedded within our strategy to make our business model 
resilient in the face of shifting global challenges. 
The focus of our own research and development efforts is on 
sustainable technologies — for example, electric and biomethane 
propulsion, digitalization and related intelligent capabilities, 
including precision farming and smart water management. We 
also collaborate with strategic business partners, start-ups and 
external experts in the emerging technology sector. 
Our work in precision technology aims to help farmers increase 
their yield with reduced input costs for labor, fertilizer, chemicals 
and water. We also believe that the recent shorter planting and 
harvesting cycles mean precision technology will drive farmers 
to replace farm equipment to improve efficiency.
Operationally, we promote the responsible use of resources 
and strive to reduce the environmental impact of what we 
produce to mitigate climate change. We are committed to 
continuously improving the environmental performance of 
our production processes, adopting both conventional and 
enhanced technologies and acting responsibly to mitigate their 
environmental impact. 
In 2023, we invested $30.6 million on waste disposal, treating 
emissions and on environmental management, and a further 
$6.1 million to reduce our environmental impact — all to maintain 
our plants’ ISO 14001 certification. 
50% 
VS 2018 IN SCOPE 1 AND SCOPE 2  
CO2 EMISSIONS  
PER HOUR OF PRODUCTION AT 
MANUFACTURING PLANTS BY 2030
90% 
OF TOTAL   
ELECTRICITY 
CONSUMPTION   
DERIVED FROM RENEWABLE 
SOURCES BY 2030
97% 
OF WASTE 
RECOVERED    
AT OUR PLANTS BY 2030
50% 
REDUCTION VS 2018  
OF WATER 
WITHDRAWAL    
/HOUR OF PRODUCTION 
AT OUR PLANTS BY 2030
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Page 92:
Material Issue #2 Sustainable Products
Why Sustainable Products are Material to CNH 
and External Stakeholders
CNH’s success depends on our ability to develop innovative, 
high-quality products to maintain or increase our existing 
market share and to expand into new markets. This depends 
on, among other factors, our ability to develop sustainable 
a n d  p r e c i s i o n  t e c h n o l o g y  t h a t  i m p r o v e s  t h e  p r o fi t a b i l i t y  a n d  
sustainability of our customers.
Failure to develop and offer innovative products could result in 
reduced revenue and market share. If demand for our products 
is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory 
and lower production levels, forcing up costs and reducing our 
profitability. 
Global demand for renewable fuels has increased considerably 
in recent years, driven by consumer preference, government 
renewable-fuel mandates, renewable fuel tax and production 
incentives. The demand for biofuels has created an associated 
demand for agriculturally based feedstocks, which are used to 
produce biofuels. 
Our precision technology includes both hardware and 
software that relate to guidance, connectivity, automation and 
autonomy. We must be able to acquire, develop and introduce 
new precision technology that improves profitability and makes 
sustainable farming competitive. As a result, we expect to invest 
significant sums in research and development, collaborations 
and other sources of technology. 
Our dealers’ ability to support such solutions may also 
influence our customers’ acceptance of and demand for these 
products. Further, we use automation and machine learning 
and intelligence in some of our products. While the use of 
these emerging technologies can present significant benefits, 
it also creates risks and challenges. If we are not able to deliver 
precision technology solutions with differentiated features and 
functionality, or these solutions are not effective, customers 
may not adopt them, which could harm our reputation and 
business.
Business Strategy to Address 
Sustainable Products 
We have a strategic plan for investing to develop existing product 
and service lines and also create new ones that meet customers’ 
needs. Our research focuses primarily on developing products 
that can reduce polluting and CO2 emissions, use biofuels, adopt 
electric and hydrogen traction systems, incorporate advanced 
precision farming functionality and autonomous driving. 
In recent years, we have developed 2 models of methane-
powered tractors — the T6 and T7 — that can run on methane 
produced on the farm from animal and food waste. We have 
a controlling stake in Bennamann Ltd (‘Bennamann’), a 
UK technology company that developed a way to capture 
fugitive emissions of methane from livestock farm waste and 
produce a better-than-zero-carbon biofuel. This increases the 
sustainability of farmland management practices by minimizing 
a r t i fi c i a l  i n p u t s  s u c h  a s  m a n u f a c t u r e d  f e r t i l i z e r ,  l o w e r i n g  
operational costs and reducing pollutants. 
We are committed to advancing technology in agriculture and 
are investing in integrated solutions and precision technologies 
across the equipment portfolio to increase a farmer’s yield 
with reduced input costs. Our technology stack spans digital 
web and mobile platforms, core technologies such as global 
navigation satellite system (GNSS) positioning, connectivity and 
displays, automation covering product control and guidance, 
and capabilities such as autonomy. 
We also support customers throughout the equipment life 
cycle. CNH Reman, for example, is a joint venture that provides 
remanufactured components to our dealers and customers 
worldwide. It offers a full range of replacement or service 
parts to extend the life of many products, as well as a broad 
selection of remanufactured parts. Brands can now offer more 
products, like-new quality, extended warranties and be part of 
an extended value chain, saving the customer an average 30% 
on the purchase price.
Metrics to Measure Progress 
on Sustainable Products
We have the following goals for recycling product, 
remanufacturing spare parts and customer adoption rates of 
precision technologies: 
90% 
PRODUCT 
RECYCLABILITY   
BY 2030
15% 
NET SALES   
OF OUR SPARE PARTS 
FROM REMANUFACTURED 
COMPONENTS BY 2030
05
APPENDIX
92 ___ 93
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Page 93:
We have developed an effective health and safety management 
system that conforms to international standard ISO 45001. 
In 2023, we spent approximately $68.2 million on improving 
health and safety protection. To ensure we meet our challenging 
targets, all employees have classroom and hands-on training 
consistent with their roles and responsibilities. In 2023, we 
delivered 330,938 hours of occupational health and safety 
training for approximately 27,000 employees. 
We continue to develop and implement cutting-edge 
technology to improve customer satisfaction and safety. Our 
Product Safety and Compliance (PS&C) Policy summarizes our 
commitment to designing, validating, manufacturing, selling 
and supporting safe products that comply with or exceed all 
applicable legal requirements. 
We adhere to stringent regulatory standards and industry 
guidelines related to product safety across all our manufacturing 
facilities worldwide. We also integrate safety into the design 
phase of our products. This includes advanced safety features 
such as rollover protection systems (ROPS), crush protection 
devices and operator restraint systems to minimize the risk of 
accidents and injuries.
We canvas customers and industry stakeholders to understand 
their safety needs and preferences. We conduct rigorous testing 
and validation procedures and provide comprehensive operator 
training programs and support services to educate customers 
on safe equipment operation and maintenance practices. We 
maintain transparency and accountability on product safety 
by promptly issuing recalls or safety notices when necessary 
and communicating openly with customers, regulators and the 
public about safety-related matters. 
Metrics to Measure Progress on Health and Safety 
CNH has set the following targets linked to the health and safety 
of employees, plant certification and product quality:
Material Issue #3 Health And Safety
Why Health and Safety is Material to CNH 
and External Stakeholders
O u r  a b i l i t y  t o  a t t r a c t ,  r e t a i n  a n d  f u r t h e r  d e v e l o p  q u a l i fi e d  
employees is crucial to our success and our ability to create value 
over the long term. Safe working conditions promote physical and 
mental health, reduce the risk of work-related injuries and illnesses, 
and foster a positive work environment. Employees who feel safe 
and valued are likely to be more productive, motivated and loyal.
Our Code of Conduct states that occupational health and 
safety is an employee's fundamental right and a key part of 
our sustainability model. Strong performance on managing 
workforce health and safety can help build our brand and 
promote worker morale. This in turn may lead to reduced 
worker turnover and enhanced community relations, as well as 
make us an attractive potential employer.
Conversely, a weak health and safety management system 
could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and 
meet our business objectives. It could also increase insurance 
c o s t s  a n d  c o m p l i a n c e  fi n e s ,  i n c r e a s e  e m p l o y e e  t u r n o v e r  a n d 
reduce employee, customer and market trust.
Prioritizing product safety protects customers, operators and 
those who use our equipment from accidents, injuries and 
potential harm. Ensuring the safety of our products is essential 
for maintaining customer trust and safeguarding our reputation. 
Customers rely on us to provide equipment that is safe to use 
and any safety incidents or product failures could significantly 
damage our reputation and brand image.
Preventing accidents and injuries not only protects individuals, 
but also reduces our exposure to financial losses, litigation costs 
and reputational damage arising from safety-related claims. 
Product safety is closely linked to product quality and reliability. 
By prioritizing safety in our design, manufacturing and testing 
processes, we can enhance the overall quality and reliability of 
our equipment. Safe products are also less likely to malfunction, 
break down or have defects, leading to greater customer 
satisfaction and loyalty.
Business Strategy to Address 
Health and Safety 
Our strategy for occupational health and safety centers on 
minimizing risk with effective prevention and protective 
measures. Our safety management system encourages staff  
to embrace a culture of accident prevention and risk awareness 
so they can identify and report work-related hazards and 
hazardous situations. This approach enables employees to share 
occupational health and safety principles across the Company.
Our Health and Safety Policy applies to all employees, including 
contractors and agency workers. It outlines all our health 
and safety principles and is available in 14 languages. Our 
inclusive approach extends to suppliers and partners, who 
must all comply with worker health and safety regulations and 
adherence to our Supplier Code of Conduct.
EMPLOYEE,    
CONTRACTOR AND AGENCY WORKER 
INJURY FREQUENCY RATES
ISO 45001 
CERTIFIED   
MANUFACTURING PLANTS
EMPLOYEE  
HEALTH AND SAFETY    
TRAINING HOURS
PRODUCT 
IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS     
— NUMBER OF PRODUCT 
RECALL AND SAFETY CAMPAIGNS
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Page 94:
REPORT  
PARAMETERS
Each means the following: 
 NA: United States, Canada and Mexico 
 EMEA: member countries of the European Union and the 
European Free Trade Association, the United Kingdom, 
Ukraine and Balkans, Turkey, Uzbekistan, Pakistan, the African 
continent and the Middle East
 LATAM: Argentina and Brazil 
 APAC: Continental Asia (including the India subcontinent), 
Indonesia and Oceania.
In some cases, data is based on geographical divisions (North 
America, Europe, Latin America, Rest of World) to reflect year-
on-year changes.
It should be noted that the definition of plant used in this report 
is also used in the 2023 EU Annual Report. The exclusion of any 
geographic area, legal entity, plant or specific site is down to 
either lack of quality data or the immateriality of its activities 
( f o r  e x a m p l e ,  f o r  n e w l y  a c q u i r e d  l e g a l  e n t i t i e s ,  j o i n t  v e n t u r e s 
or manufacturing activities not yet fully operational). In some 
c a s e s ,  s u b s i d i a r i e s  o r  p l a n t s  n o t  c o n s o l i d a t e d  i n  t h e  fi n a n c i a l 
statements are included in our report because of their significant 
environmental and social impact. Any significant variations in 
the report’s scope or in the data are noted in the text or tables 
in the Appendix.
Objectives
CNH’s Sustainability Report aims to give stakeholders a 
comprehensive overview of our operations, integrating 
our financial results and economic commitments with 
our environmental and social ones. This is our 11th annual 
Sustainability Report and has been prepared with reference 
to GRI 1 Standards. The topics covered originate from the 
materiality analysis (see page 90) and the contents were 
integrated with the information requirements of ESG2 investors, 
as well as financial and non-financial analysts who review our 
sustainability performance. 
Scope
Unless otherwise stated, the report’s scope — or reporting 
period — covers information and data for CNH worldwide 
during the calendar year of 2023, consolidated in the 2023 EU 
Annual Report as of December 31, 2023.
Unless otherwise indicated, the terms ‘Company’ and ‘CNH’ 
refer to CNH, including all its subsidiaries (also called ‘legal 
entities’ or ‘group of companies’).
CNH is divided into the following geographic areas: North 
America (NA), Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), Latin 
America (LATAM) and Asia Pacific (APAC). 
(1) The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is a multi-stakeholder association for the 
development and disclosure of standards for reporting on an organization’s 
economic, environmental, and/or social impacts.
(2) Environmental, social, and governance.

Page 95:
Country Plant Segment*
Primary 
Functions Quality Safety Environment Energy
ISO 
9001
ISO 
45001
Safety 
Scope
ISO 
14001
Envir. 
Scope
ISO 
50001
Energy 
Scope
NORTH AMERICA
Canada Saskatoon AG Sprayers, 
Planters, Seeders
Mexico   Querétaro AG & CE Components
USA   Benson AG Sprayers, Floaters
USA Burlington CE Backhoe Loaders, 
Forklifts
USA     Fargo AG & CE Tractors, Wheel 
Loaders
USA Goodfield AG Tillage, Cultivators
USA Grand Island AG Combines, 
Windrowers
USA New Holland AG Hay & Forage
USA Racine AG Tractors, 
Transmissions
USA St. Nazianz AG Self-Propelled 
Sprayers
USA Wichita CE Skid Steer Loaders
EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA
Austria St. Valentin AG Tractors
Belgium Antwerp AG Components
Belgium Zedelgem AG Combines, Forage 
Harvesters, Balers
France Coëx AG Grape Harvesters
France Croix AG Cabins
* AG = Agriculture (Case IH, New Holland Agriculture, STEYR, Raven, Flexi-Coil, Miller, Kongskilde).
 CE = Construction (CASE Construction Equipment, New Holland Construction, Eurocomach).
2023 PLANTS OVERVIEW CNH worldwide
KEY
SCOPE
ISO
05
APPENDIX
96 ___ 97
REPORT PARAMETERS

Page 96:
Country Plant Segment*
Primary 
Functions Quality Safety Environment Energy
ISO 
9001
ISO 
45001
Safety 
Scope
ISO 
14001
Envir. 
Scope
ISO 
50001
Energy 
Scope
EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA
Italy Jesi AG Tractors
Italy Lecce CE Wheel Loaders, 
Telehandlers, Graders
Italy Modena AG Components
Poland Kutno AG Cultivators, Planters, 
Headers
Poland Płock AG Combines, Balers, 
Headers
Sweden Överum AG Tractors
UK Basildon AG Tractors
Uzbekistan Tashkent AG Tractors
LATIN AMERICA
Argentina Córdoba AG Combines, Sprayers, 
Tractors
Brazil Contagem - 
Belo Horizonte CE Backhoe Loaders, 
Excavators, Loaders
Brazil Curitiba AG Combines, Tractors
Brazil Piracicaba AG Sugarcane 
Harvesters, Sprayers
Brazil Sorocaba AG Combines, Sprayers, 
Tractors
ASIA PACIFIC 
China Harbin AG Combines, Tractors, 
Balers
India Noida AG Tractors
India Pithampur CE Compactors, Skid 
Steer Loaders
India Pune AG Sugarcane 
Harvesters, Combines
* AG = Agriculture (Case IH, New Holland Agriculture, STEYR, Raven, Flexi-Coil, Miller, Kongskilde).
 CE = Construction (CASE Construction Equipment, New Holland Construction, Eurocomach).
KEY
SCOPE
ISO
REPORT PARAMETERS

Page 97:
Methodologies
Approach to data calculation
 The data refers to the 3-year period from 2020 to 2023. Some 
data before 2022, as a result of the demerger, could not be 
separated from on-highway vs off-highway business. When 
this is relevant, previous years’ data is excluded and only 2022 
and 2023 data is presented. 
 Figures in currencies other than US dollars were converted at 
the average exchange rate on December 31, 2023.
 Target achievement dates are always year-end, i.e., December 
31 of the year indicated. 
 Financial data was collected directly, rather than extrapolated, 
from the annual report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2023, 
and the EU Annual Report, both of which are available on our 
website. CNH’s financial communications focus mainly on US 
GAAP guidelines; as a consequence, all financial data is taken 
from the annual report on Form 10-K, prepared in line with US 
GAAP.
 Human resources data refers to the entire Company as of 
December 31, 2023 (unless otherwise specified).
 Employees are divided into 4 categories: Hourly, Salaried, 
Professional and Manager. Professional refers to all individuals 
in specialized and managerial roles. Manager refers to 
individuals in senior management roles. The categories include 
both full-time and part-time personnel.
 Contractors are external companies or freelance/self-
employed workers who have a contract with one of our 
companies and who provide services within the data reporting 
scope.
 Agency personnel are contracted and paid through a third party 
to work for us, rather than employed by us. Agency personnel 
are coordinated and overseen by internal supervisors and are 
usually temporary. 
 Occupational health and safety data refers to both 
manufacturing and non-manufacturing sites and includes 
employees, contractors and agency workers. Data on 
managers is not included.
2023 Data Coverage
For occupational health and safety data, 31 plants are ISO 45001 
c e r t i fi e d ,  w h i c h  a m o u n t s  t o  9 4 %  o f  o u r  t o t a l  a n d  r e p r e s e n t s 
approximately 100% of sales of products manufactured at our 
plants.
Information on environmental performance (including VOC, 
water and waste), as well as management systems, relates to 
30 fully consolidated plants, accounting for 91% of our plants 
and representing 99.6% of sales of products manufactured at 
our plants. Thirty-one plants are ISO 14001 certified, accounting 
for 94% of our plants, representing approximately 100% of sales 
of products manufactured at our plants, and relating to 27,216 
employees — approximately 99% of the workforce at plants 
within the reporting scope.
Information on energy performance (including CO2, NOX, SOX 
and dust emissions) and management systems relates to 30 
fully consolidated plants, accounting for 91% of our plants and 
representing 99.6% of sales of products manufactured at our 
p l a n t s .  T h e r e  a r e  3 0  I S O  5 0 0 0 1  c e r t i fi e d  p l a n t s ,  a c c o u n t i n g  
for 91% of our plants, representing 99.6 % of sales of products 
manufactured at our plants, and relating to 26,661 employees 
— approximately 98% of the workforce at the plants within the 
reporting scope.
We have 31 ISO 9001 certified plants, accounting for 94% of our 
total, representing 96.3% of sales of products manufactured at 
our plants, and relating to 26,304 employees — about 96.7% of 
the workforce at the plants within the reporting scope.
05
APPENDIX
98 ___ 99
REPORT PARAMETERS

Page 98:
 The reporting scope does not include waste that is not 
associated with manufacturing, auxiliary or production 
support activities within the production department, nor 
waste generated as a result of activities outside the normal 
production cycle.
 CNH’s wastewater quality indicators — Biochemical Oxygen 
Demand (BOD), Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) and 
Total Suspended Solids (TSS) — correspond to the average 
concentrations found at each plant’s effluent discharge point 
and weighted according to the respective volumes discharged. 
For each plant, calculations were based on the highest BOD, 
COD and TSS concentrations found during the year under 
normal operating conditions.
 Energy consumption was measured and converted into joules 
through specific equivalences depending on the energy 
vector. For example, compressed air is indicated in Nm3 when 
monitored as a secondary vector before being translated into 
kWh and then GJ. Direct energy refers to energy that falls 
within the scope of our operations. It can either be consumed 
by CNH or exported to other users. Indirect energy refers to the 
energy produced beyond our operations and supplied to meet 
our needs (e.g., electricity, heating and cooling). The amount 
of fuel used for each of the following is reported separately: 
to move unsold, newly manufactured vehicles to designated 
parking lots; to fuel forklifts and internal utility cars; to test 
engines; and to power generators, motor pumps, pressure 
washers and other devices. The key performance indicators 
(KPIs) to assess energy consumption and CO2 emissions per 
production unit do not include diesel or LPG used in logistics 
or product testing.
 The sources of our greenhouse gas emissions other than 
those from the energy we consume come from our use of 
HFC compounds in air-conditioning, cooling, fire suppression, 
aerosols (e.g., propellants) and manufacturing equipment. 
The potential emissions from these substances (CO2 eq) are 
negligible and fall outside the report’s scope.
 We calculated our CO2 emissions according to GHG Protocol 
standards and used the lower heat-of-combustion-reference 
value and the emission factors specific to the energy industry’s 
power-generation stations. These are available in the second 
volume of the IPCC 2006 Guidelines. In terms of emissions, 
we only took CO2 into account, as CH4 and N2O components 
were considered negligible.
 Given the variability in the use of contractors and agency 
workers at our sites worldwide, their total numbers in the 
Occupational Health and Safety section are based on basic 
mathematical calculations: figures are full-time equivalent 
(FTE) and calculated based on respective total hours worked.
 Injury rates were calculated without accidents while 
commuting between home and work. When calculating injury 
rates for contractors, hours worked may have been estimated.
 Absence days refer to calendar days.
 We defined normalized production unit indexes to show the 
respective medium and long-term trends for environmental 
and energy performance. This approach highlights that 
improvements are not simply linked to variations in production 
volumes. Performance indicators are calculated on the total 
n u m b e r  o f  m a n u f a c t u r i n g  h o u r s ,  d e fi n e d  a s  t h e  h o u r s  o f  
presence of hourly employees within the manufacturing scope 
required to manufacture a product.
 Values expressed in tons refer to metric tons (1,000 kilos).
 For environmental data, SPARC3 or similar systems were 
individually compiled for each production department based 
on respective qualitative and quantitative data. Individual 
Standard Aggregation Databases only include data for the 
production department in question. Depending on the data, 
the detection criterion was either measured, calculated or 
estimated4.
 NOX, SOX and dust emissions calculations were based on 
historical average values. Dusts are those deriving from the 
combustion of fossil fuels (methane, diesel and LPG).
 The Sustainability Report accounts for industrial waste, i.e., any 
waste directly or indirectly related to production department 
activities. Industrial waste includes:
  Waste generated in production departments during normal 
working cycles
  Waste not directly associated with manufacturing activities 
but generated as a result of auxiliary or production 
support activities within the production department (e.g., 
maintenance, logistics, clerical, catering, medical room, 
sanitation, etc.).
(3) Sustainability, Performance, Analysis, Reporting and Compliance. 
(4) A value is considered as measured if detected using a certified measurement tool. 
This criterion remains valid even if a formula is applied to convert the detected 
value’s unit of measurement. A value is considered as calculated if derived from 2 
or more measured data items using a formula or algorithm. A value is considered 
as estimated if based on at least 1 uncertain data item in addition to other 
measured quantities.
REPORT PARAMETERS

Page 99:
Definitions
The term ‘segment’ refers to Agriculture (AG), Construction 
(CE) or Financial Services.
Adjusted EBIT of industrial activities under US GAAP is defined 
as net income (loss) before income taxes, financial services 
results, industrial activities’ interest expenses (net), foreign 
exchange gains/losses, finance and non-service component of 
pension and other post-employment benefit costs, restructuring 
expenses and certain non-recurring items. Non-recurring items 
are considered by management as rare or discrete events, 
infrequent and/or do not reflect ongoing operational activities.
Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated by dividing CNH’s adjusted 
net income (loss) by a weighted-average number of common 
shares outstanding during the period, taking account of 
potential outstanding common shares that result from our 
share-based payment awards, when their inclusion is not anti-
dilutive. When we provide guidance for adjusted diluted EPS, 
we do not provide guidance on an earnings per share basis 
because the US GAAP measure may include significant items 
that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict.
 For our Scope 2 emissions accounting, we applied the dual 
reporting system of the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance and 
used both allocation methods:
  The location-based method to find the average emissions 
intensity of the grids where we consume energy (using 
mostly grid-average emission factor data)
  The market-based method to find emissions from electricity 
that companies have actively chosen to purchase.
When reporting according to the location-based method 
for energy produced and purchased outside a plant (mainly 
electricity and heat), we calculated the associated CO 2 
emissions using the emission coefficients (expressed in 
gCO2/ k W h )  p r o v i d e d  b y  t h e  I n t e r n a t i o n a l  E n e r g y  A g e n c y .  
When reporting according to the market-based method, 
t h e y  w e r e  c a l c u l a t e d  u s i n g  t h e  l a t e s t  e m i s s i o n  c o e ffi c i e n t s 
(expressed in gCO2/kWh) provided by the following sources:
  Re-DISS for CO2 emissions accounting in Europe
  International Energy Agency for CO2 emissions accounting 
in Latin America and Rest of World
  Primary energy suppliers for CO2 emissions accounting in 
North America.
The key performance indicator (KPI) to assess CO2 emissions 
per production unit refers to the Scope 2 emissions calculated 
according to the market-based method.
05
APPENDIX
100 ___ 101
REPORT PARAMETERS

Page 100:
PERFORMANCE  
INDICATORS  
DISTRIBUTION  
OF VALUE ADDED
NUMBER OF RECALL CAMPAIGNS (PIPs) CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Mandatory campaigns 124 102 112
Safety campaigns 24 21 17
Total 148 123 129
We strive to create value and to distribute it to our stakeholders. 
The calculation1 of value added gives the Company a better 
understanding of its economic impacts. This enables us to 
determine how much wealth we have created, how it was 
created and how it was distributed to stakeholders.
In 2023, the value added generated by CNH’s activities and 
distributed to its various stakeholders totaled $7,276 million, 
equivalent to 29% of our revenues. 
(1) The value added, representing the value generated by corporate business activities, was calculated via an internal method as the difference between production value and the 
associated intermediate costs, net of depreciation. The global net value added was then divided among beneficiaries as follows: employees (direct remuneration comprising 
salaries, wages, and severance pay; and indirect remuneration consisting of welfare benefits); government and public institutions (income taxes); financial providers (interest 
paid on borrowed capital); shareholders (dividends paid); Company (share of reinvested profits); and local communities.
DIRECT ECONOMIC VALUE GENERATED CNH worldwide ($million)                                                         
2023
Consolidated 2023 revenues 24,687
Income of financial services companies (2,607)
Government grants (current and deferred/capitalized), release of provisions, other income 74
Other income 3,189
Direct economic value generated 25,343
Cost of materials 15,442
Depreciation and amortization, including assets under operating lease and assets sold under buy-back commitments 563
Other expenses 2,062
Value added 7,276
(in accordance with US GAAP)
DISTRIBUTION OF VALUE ADDED CNH worldwide                                                         
2023
Employees 45.8%
Shareholders 7.4%
Reinvested in the Company 13.5%
Financial providers 17.5%
Government & Public Institutions 15.7%
Local communities 0.2%
SUSTAINABLE  
PRODUCTS


Page 101:
ENERGY PERFORMANCE: 2023 IMPROVEMENT PROJECTS IN DETAIL CNH worldwide
                                                         
Projects 
(no.)
Total energy 
reduction (GJ/year)
Estimated 
project cost ($)
Installation of new equipment 17 3,147 673,119
Converting and retrofitting equipment 65 40,085 3,570,849
Operational changes 9 8,743 980,059
Process redesign 13 8,663 110,684
Total 104 60,638 5,334,711
TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTIONa CNH worldwide (GJ)
                                                         
Non-renewable sources 2023 2022 2021
Plants (no.) 30 31 31
Direct energy consumption
Natural gas 1,833,377 2,064,174 1,847,354
Diesel 235,645 216,033 273,794
Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) 102,906 79,697 59,931
Total 2,171,928 2,359,904 2,181,079
Indirect energy consumption
Electricity 439,962 508,372 594,243
Thermal energy 65,066 72,575 73,746
Other energy sourcesb 30,706 43,468 38,646
Total 535,734 624,415 706,635
Total energy consumption from non-renewable sources 2,707,662 2,984,319 2,887,714
Renewable sources 2023 2022 2021
Plants (no.) 30 31 31
Direct energy consumption
Biomass 10,454 - -
Solar-thermal 196 130 -
Photovoltaic 16,386 15,331 6,031
Total 27,036 15,461 6,031
Indirect energy consumption
Electricity 747,184 735,746 608,496
Thermal energy - - -
Other energy sourcesb 50,559 48,556 52,458
Total 797,743 784,302 660,954
Total energy consumption from renewable sources 824,779 799,763 666,985
Total energy consumption 3,532,441 3,784,082 3,554,699
(a) The base year (2018) energy consumption is equal to 3,479,726 GJ.  
(b) Includes compressed air. 
ENERGY  
MANAGEMENT
05
APPENDIX
102 ___ 103

Page 102:
ENERGY CONSUMPTION BY TYPE CNH worldwide (GJ)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Plants (no.) 30 31 31
Electricitya 1,284,797 1,351,473 1,299,874
Heat 65,262 72,705 73,746
Natural gas 1,833,377 2,064,174 1,847,354
Other fuelsb 349,005 295,730 333,725
Total energy consumption 3,532,441 3,784,082 3,554,699
(a) Electricity also includes compressed air and the electricity generated by the photovoltaic (PV) systems. 
(b) Includes diesel, LPG, landfill gas and other (HS and LS fuel oil).
DIRECT AND INDIRECT CO2 EMISSIONSa CNH worldwide (tons)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Plants (no.) 30 31 31
Direct emissions (Scope 1) 117,890 127,504 120,037
Indirect emissions (Scope 2) — market-based 87,720 105,850 102,211
Indirect emissions (Scope 2) — location-based 122,457 126,846 120,836
Direct emissions from landfill gases 571 - -
Total CO2 emissionsb 206,181 233,354 222,248
(a) CO 2 is the only significant greenhouse gas within CNH’s processes. For CNH, biogenic CO2 emissions are those related to landfill gases. 
The base year (2018) CO2 emissions are equal to 239,977 tons. 
(b) Total CO2 emissions are calculated as per the market-based methodology of the GHG Protocol.
VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS (VOC)a CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Plants (no.) 30 30 30
Average VOC emissions (g/m2) 38.7 39.8 41.3
Total VOC emissions (kg)                        901,765                    982,124                    929,561 
(a) The base year (2018) VOC emissions are equal to 48.2 g/m2.
NOX, SOX AND DUST EMISSIONS CNH worldwide (tons)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Plants (no.) 30 31 31
Nitrogen oxides (NOX) 239.99 263.71 245.62
Sulfur oxides (SOX) 33.48 30.70 38.90
Dust 2.91 2.66 3.24
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 103:
ENVIRONMENTAL  
MANAGEMENT
WATER WITHDRAWAL, DISCHARGE AND CONSUMPTION CNH worldwide (thousands of m3)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Plants (no.) 30 30 30 
Withdrawal
Groundwater 489 618 607 
Third-party water 857 846 771 
of which municipal water supply 857 846 771 
Surface water 2 3 4 
of which rainwater 2 3 4 
Seawater - - - 
Produced water - - - 
Total water withdrawal 1,348 1,467 1,382 
Discharge
Surface water 171 176 132 
Third-party water 880 833 800 
Seawater - - - 
Groundwater 70 83 109 
Total water discharge 1,122 1,092 1,041 
Total water consumptiona 226 375 341 
(a) Calculated as total water withdrawal minus total water discharge.
WASTE GENERATION AND MANAGEMENT CNH worldwide (tons)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Plants (no.) 30 30 30 
Waste generated
Hazardous waste 8,381 10,192  8,852  
Non-hazardous waste 137,657 137,882  132,335  
Total waste generated 146,038 148,074  141,187  
Waste diverted from disposal 
Hazardous waste 4,558 6,765 2,391 
Non-hazardous waste 128,892 130,086 125,373 
Total waste diverted from disposal 133,450 136,851 127,764 
Waste directed to disposal
Hazardous waste 3,823 3,427 6,461 
Non-hazardous waste 8,764 7,796 6,962  
Total waste disposed 12,587 11,223 13,423 
05
APPENDIX
104 ___ 105

Page 104:
PLANTS NEAR, BORDERING OR WITHIN PROTECTEDa OR HIGH BIODIVERSITY AREAS CNH worldwide
                                                         
Plant
Plant primary 
functions
Plant's Total 
surface area (m2)
Location with respect
to protected area
Species on IUCN Red List of threatened
species and on national lists (no.)
Curitiba 
(Brazil)c Combines, tractors 792,824
Adjacent to / 
containing portions 
of the protected area
101 species listed, of which:
 0 critically endangered
 0 endangered
 0 vulnerable
 4 near threatened
 97 of least concern
Zedelgem 
(Belgium)b
Combine, 
harvesting machines 360,357 Adjacent to 
the protected area 
232 species listed, of which:
 8 critically endangered
 11 endangered
 22 vulnerable
 19 near threatened
 172 of least concern
Płock 
(Poland)b
Design and manufacturing 
of combine harvesters, 
round balers and machines 
for agriculture
420,900 Adjacent to 
the protected area 
392 species listed, of which:
 2 critically endangered
 1 endangered
 9 vulnerable
 10 near threatened
 370 of least concern
(a) A protected area (national, regional, site of Community interest, special protection zone, oasis, etc.) is a geographically defined area that is designated, regulated or managed to 
achieve specific conservation objectives. An area of high biodiversity value is an area that is not subject to legal protection, but is recognized by a number of governmental and 
non-governmental organizations as having significant biodiversity.
(b) Plant implementing the BRE methodology (see pages 30-33) that is located near, bordering or within protected or high-biodiversity areas.
(c) Plant implementing the BVI methodology (see pages 30-33) that is located near, bordering or within protected or high-biodiversity areas.
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 105:
EMPLOYEES  
IN NUMBERS
EMPLOYEES BY REGION CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Europe 15,462 15,052 43,262
North America 12,154 11,769 11,244
Latin America 7,654 8,420 11,542
Rest of World 4,950 4,829 5,847
Total 40,220 40,070 71,895
EMPLOYEES BY REGION AND CATEGORY CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Hourly Salaried Profess. Manager Hourly Salaried Profess. Manager Hourly Salaried Profess. Manager
Europe 9,591 1,464 4,028 379 9,554 1,350 3,772 376 28,094 5,628 8,864 676
North America 6,567 707 4,548 332 6,608 554 4,303 304 6,603 679 3,688 274
Latin America 5,404 1,024 1,137 89 6,337 952 1,046 85 8,760 1,315 1,373 94
Rest of World 1,717 1,532 1,626 75 1,661 1,551 1,537 80 2,246 1,832 1,698 71
Total 23,279 4,727 11,339 875 24,160 4,407 10,658 845 45,703 9,454 15,623 1,115
EMPLOYEES BY SEGMENT CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Agriculture  33,490  33,115  31,103 
Construction  5,856  6,052  5,770 
Commercial and Specialty Vehicles  -    -    25,332 
Powertrain  -    -    8,213 
Other Activities  46  80  136 
Financial Servicesa  828  823  1,341 
Total  40,220  40,070  71,895 
(a) From 2021 Financial Services includes CNH Capital Staffs.
EMPLOYEES TURNOVER CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Employees at January 1 40,070 37,763 64,016
New hires 6,358 8,806 13,011
Departures -6,492 -5,840 -7,297
∆ change region 0
∆ scope of operation 284 -659 2,165
∆ spin-off -34,132
Employees at December 31 40,220 40,070 71,895
Turnover (%) -16.1 -14.6 -10.1
New hires (%) 15.8 22.0 18.1
05
APPENDIX
106 ___ 107

Page 106:
EMPLOYEES TURNOVER BY REGION CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Europe
Employees at January 1 15,052 14,111 41,671
New hires 1,706 2,516 4,704
Departures -1,490 -1,552 -3,330
∆ change region 13
∆ scope of operation 181 -23 217
∆ spin-off -29,151
Employees at December 31 15,462 15,052 43,262
Turnover (%) -9.6 -10.3 -7.7
New hires (%) 11.0 16.7 10.9
North America
Employees at January 1 11,769 11,181 8,048
New hires 2,978 3,741 3,691
Departures -2,724 -2,542 -1,806
∆ change region 16
∆ scope of operation 115 -611 1,311
∆ spin-off -63
Employees at December 31 12,154 11,769 11,244
Turnover (%) -22.4 -21.6 -16.1
New hires (%) 24.5 31.8 32.8
Latin America
Employees at January 1 8,420 7,936 8,900
New hires 867 1,684 3,944
Departures -1,735 -1,176 -1,323
∆ change region -19
∆ scope of operation 121 -24 21
∆ spin-off -3,606
Employees at December 31 7,654 8,420 11,542
Turnover (%) -22.7 -14.0 -11.5
New hires (%) 11.3 20.0 34.2
Rest of World
Employees at January 1 4,829 4,535 5,397
New hires 807 865 672
Departures -543 -570 -838
∆ change region -10
∆ scope of operation -133 -1 616
∆ spin-off -1,312
Employees at December 31 4,950 4,829 5,847
Turnover (%) -11.0 -11.8 -14.3
New hires (%) 16.3 17.9 11.5
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 107:
EMPLOYEES TURNOVER BY CATEGORY CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Hourly
Employees at January 1 24,160 23,427 39,485
New hires 4,097 5,702 10,570
Departures -4,802 -4,241 -5,121
∆ change in category -141 -289 -262
∆ scope of operation -35 -439 1,031
∆ spin-off -22,276
Employees at December 31 23,279 24,160 45,703
Turnover (%) -20.6 -17.6 -11.2
New hires (%) 17.6 23.6 23.1
Salaried
Employees at January 1 4,407 4,344 8,704
New hires 800 1,110 969
Departures -531 -590 -863
∆ change in category -263 -236 -424
∆ scope of operation 314 -221 1,068
∆ spin-off -5,110
Employees at December 31 4,727 4,407 9,454
Turnover (%) -11.2 -13.4 -9.1
New hires (%) 16.9 25.2 10.2
Professional
Employees at January 1 10,658 9,289 14,768
New hires 1,406 1,930 1,414
Departures -1,075 -940 -1,228
∆ change in category 340 378 614
∆ scope of operation 10 1 55
∆ spin-off -6,334
Employees at December 31 11,339 10,658 15,623
Turnover (%) -9.5 -8.8 -7.9
New hires (%) 12.4 18.1 9.1
Manager
Employees at January 1 845 703 1,059
New hires 55 64 58
Departures -84 -69 -85
∆ change in category 64 147 72
∆ scope of operation -5 0 11
∆ spin-off -412
Employees at December 31 875 845 1,115
Turnover (%) -9.6 -8.2 -7.6
New hires (%) 6.3 7.6 5.2
05
APPENDIX
108 ___ 109
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 108:
EMPLOYEES TURNOVER BY AGE CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Under 30 years
Employees at January 1 6,501 5,184 6,764
New hires 2,750 3,571 5,436
Departures -1,891 -1,857 -1,864
∆ age range -971 -227 -1,372
∆ scope of operation 66 -170 517
∆ spin-off -4,297
Employees at December 31 6,455 6,501 9,481
Turnover (%) -29.3 -28.6 -19.7
New hires (%) 42.6 54.9 57.3
30 to 50 years
Employees at January 1 24,523 23,851 40,188
New hires 3,129 4,559 6,700
Departures -3,303 -2,967 -3,543
∆ age range 119 -606 -300
∆ scope of operation 154 -314 1,176
∆ spin-off -20,370
Employees at December 31 24,622 24,523 44,221
Turnover (%) -13.4 -12.1 -8.0
New hires (%) 12.7 18.6 15.2
Over 50 years
Employees at January 1 9,046 8,728 17,064
New hires 479 676 875
Departures -1,298 -1,016 -1,890
∆ age range 852 833 1,672
∆ scope of operation 64 -175 472
∆ spin-off -9,465
Employees at December 31 9,143 9,046 18,193
Turnover (%) -14.2 -11.2 -10.4
New hires (%) 5.2 7.5 4.8
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 109:
EMPLOYEES TURNOVER BY GENDER CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Men
Employees at January 1 33,174 31,527 53,810
New hires 4,840 6,886 10,499
Departures -5,271 -4,726 -6,057
∆ scope of operation 166 -513 1,628
∆ spin-off -28,353
Employees at December 31 32,909 33,174 59,880
Turnover (%) -16.0 -14.2 -10.1
New hires (%) 14.7 20.8 17.5
Women
Employees at January 1 6,896 6,236 10,206
New hires 1,518 1,920 2,512
Departures -1,221 -1,114 -1,240
∆ scope of operation 118 -146 537
∆ spin-off -5,779
Employees at December 31 7,311 6,896 12,015
Turnover (%) -16.7 -16.2 -10.3
New hires (%) 20.8 27.8 20.9
FIXED-TERM and NO-TERM CONTRACTS CNH worldwide (%)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
No-term 96.1 94.4 92.6
Fixed-term 3.9 5.6 7.4
PROMOTIONS CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Hourly 167 313 256
Salaried 362 461 719
Professional 366 559 404
Manager 37 88 43
Total 932 1,421 1,422
VOLUNTARY TURNOVER CNH worldwide (%)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Total Turnover 16.1 14.6 10.1
Total Turnover (only Temporary Contracts) 2.2 2.9 2.3
Voluntary Turnover 5.9 6.9 3.9
05
APPENDIX
110 ___ 111
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 110:
NEW HIRES BY AGE AND REGION CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Hires by Age
Under 30 2,750 3,571 5,436
30 to 50 years 3,129 4,559 6,700
Over 50 years 479 676 875
Total 6,358 8,806 13,011
Hires by Region
Europe 1,706 2,516 4,704
North America 2,978 3,741 3,691
Latin America 867 1,684 3,944
Rest of World 807 865 672
Total 6,358 8,806 13,011
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 111:
LABOR  
PRACTICES
EMPLOYEES BY CATEGORY AND BY AGE CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
(no.)
Under 30 
years
30 to 50 
years
Over 50 
years
Under 30 
years
30 to 50 
years
Over 50 
years
Under 30 
years
30 to 50 
years
Over 50 
years
Hourly 4,281 13,517 5,481 4,574 14,132 5,454 7,291 27,106 11,306
Salaried 1,135 3,020 572 1,017 2,861 529 1,392 6,109 1,953
Professional 1,039 7,561 2,739 910 7,016 2,732 797 10,319 4,507
Manager 0 524 351 0 514 331 1 687 427
Total 6,455 24,622 9,143 6,501 24,523 9,046 9,481 44,221 18,193
(%)
Hourly 18.4 58.1 23.5 18.9 58.5 22.6 16.0 59.3 24.7
Salaried 24.0 63.9 12.1 23.1 64.9 12.0 14.7 64.6 20.7
Professional 9.2 66.7 24.2 8.5 65.8 25.6 5.1 66.1 28.8
Manager 0.0 59.9 40.1 0.0 60.8 39.2 0.1 61.6 38.3
Total 16.0 61.2 22.7 16.2 61.2 22.6 13.2 61.5 25.3
WORKFORCE GENDER DISTRIBUTION BY CATEGORY CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
      Women         Men         Women         Men        Women        Men
(no.) (%) (no.) (%) (no.) (%) (no.) (%) (no.) (%) (no.) (%)
Hourly 3,134 13.5 20,145 86.5 3,026 12.5 21,134 87.5 5,728 12.5 39,975 87.5
Salaried 1,470 31.1 3,257 68.9 1,334 30.3 3,073 69.7 2,770 29.3 6,684 70.7
Professional 2,554 22.5 8,785 77.5 2,395 22.5 8,263 77.5 3,367 21.6 12,256 78.4
Manager 153 17.5 722 82.5 141 16.7 704 83.3 150 13.5 965 86.5
Total 7,311 18.2 32,909 81.8 6,896 17.2 33,174 82.8 12,015 16.7 59,880 83.3
WORKFORCE GENDER DISTRIBUTION BY REGION CNH worldwide
                                                         
                      2023                          2022                         2021
                      Women                          Women                         Women
(no.) (%) (no.) (%) (no.) (%)
Europe 2,313 15.0 2,136 14.2 6,916 16.0
North America 2,583 21.3 2,482 21.1 2,363 21.0
Latin America 1,683 22.0 1,576 18.7 1,847 16.0
Rest of World 732 14.8 702 14.5 889 15.2
Total 7,311 18.2 6,896 17.2 12,015 16.7
05
APPENDIX
112 ___ 113

Page 112:
WORKFORCE GENDER DISTRIBUTION BY LENGTH OF SERVICE CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Total 
(no.)
of which 
women (%)
Total 
(no.)
of which 
women (%)
Total 
(no.)
of which 
women (%)
Up to 5 years 20,473 21.7 20,172 20.1 27,477 20.4
6 to 10 years 4,892 17.7 5,317 16.8 11,506 17.1
11 to 20 years 9,698 14.4 9,313 14.4 17,522 16.6
21 to 30 years 3,485 13.1 3,513 12.3 9,724 10.8
Over 30 years 1,672 8.7 1,755 9.5 5,666 8.8
WORKFORCE GENDER DISTRIBUTION BY LEVEL OF EDUCATION CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Total 
(no.)
of which 
women (%)
Total 
(no.)
of which 
women (%)
Total 
(no.)
of which 
women (%)
University degree 
or equivalent 10,166 25.1 8,535 23.5 15,511 24.5
High school 10,233 13.3 11,338 13.1 26,409 13.4
Elementary/middle 
school 5,865 7.5 6,054 7.2 17,001 11.2
WORKFORCE DISTRIBUTION BY GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
No-term Fixed-term No-term Fixed-term No-term Fixed-term
Men 31,632 1,277 31,281 1,893 55,551 4,329
Women 7,034 277 6,560 336 11,048 967
Total 38,666 1,554 37,841 2,229 66,599 5,296
WORKFORCE DISTRIBUTION BY GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT TYPE CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Total Men Women Total Men Women Total Men Women
Full time 39,582 32,480 7,102 39,288 32,601 6,687 70,408 59,096 784
Part-time 638 429 209 782 573 209 1,487 11,312 703
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 113:
Survey on Nationality
An employee nationality survey was carried out in 2023 
at CNH legal entities in 11 countries, comprising 84% of the 
Company’s workforce worldwide. The survey evidenced that 
4.8% of employees were of a nationality other than the country 
surveyed. It should be noted that this percentage was higher 
for female employees (5.1%) than for male employees (4.8%). 
The UK and Germany were the countries where CNH legal 
entities employed the highest percentage (16.9% and 11.1%, 
respectively) of workers of a nationality other than that of the 
host country. For female workers, the figure was 35% in the UK 
and 19% in Germany. 
Ethnicity/Race
CNH does not broadly collect data on ethnicity and race due to 
legal restrictions in several of the countries in which it operates. 
The exception is CNH’s US operations where the Company 
accepts voluntary self-identification of ethnicity and race in line 
with US Labor Department guidelines.
Survey on Disability
A survey monitoring the employment of people with disabilities 
is conducted every 2 years. The last such survey was carried 
out in October 2022 in 9 countries where the law requires 
companies to employ a minimum percentage of workers with 
disabilities and covered more than 44% of the Company’s global 
personnel. The survey showed that workers with disabilities 
in these countries make up 1.8% of the total workforce. It also 
showed that women with disabilities account for 22.4% of the 
total surveyed. 
In all the other countries where CNH operates, there is no 
legislation relating to the employment of people with disabilities 
that establishes minimum quotas, although in some cases 
other forms of protection exist (i.e., related to working hours or 
workplace environments). In these countries, there are objective 
limitations to reporting the number of workers with disabilities, 
as the information is sensitive and often subject to data 
protection legislation. As a result, the Company is only aware of 
an employee’s personal status if they choose to disclose it. 
WORKFORCE DISTRIBUTION BY GENDER, EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT AND REGION CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
No-term Fixed-term No-term Fixed-term No-term Fixed-term
Europe 14,226 1,236 13,617 1,435 40,547 2,715
North America 12,118 36 11,727 42 11,128 116
Latin America 7,403 251 7,694 726 9,132 2,410
Rest of World 4,919 31 4,803 26 5,792 55
Total 38,666 1,554 37,841 2,229 66,599 5,296
FEMALE EMPLOYEES BY POSITION CNH worldwide (%)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Females of total workforce 18.2 17.2 16.7
Females in all Management Positions 17.5 16.7 13.5
Females in Junior Management Positions 18.5 17.9 16.3
Females in Top Management Positions 26.2 25.2 20.6
Females in Management Positions in revenue generation functions 15.6 14.5 7.6
Females in STEM-related Positions 12.8 11.7 10.6
05
APPENDIX
114 ___ 115
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 114:
EMPLOYEES ENTITLED TO BENEFITSa CNH worldwide (%)
                                                         
Financial Benefits 2023 2022
Supplementary pension plans 94.0 94.6 
Supplementary health plans 96.3 97.5 
Life insurance 88.8 83.9 
Financial support for disability 88.3 88.1 
Employee cafeterias or meal vouchers 66.4 67.8 
Other 28.3 37.1 
Social Benefits 
Childcareb 53.2 54.8 
Sports facilitiesc 8.1 7.4 
Wellness and nutrition programsd 64.6 66.0 
Othere 60.7 62.2 
(a) Data as of October 31 of each year. 
(b) Includes kindergartens, summer camps/holidays and other childcare services. 
(c) Includes free gym access, gym/fitness courses and other sports initiatives. 
(d) Includes nutrition coaching, training on how to stop smoking, medical check-ups, medical screening and other wellness programs. 
(e) Includes benefits such as Company cars, fuel reimbursement and transport allowance.  
2023 COMPARISON BETWEEN ENTRY-LEVEL WAGE AND MINIMUM WAGEa CNH worldwide (minimum wage = 100)
(a) Data reflects the effect of exchange rates. 
Italy 100
Austria 105
France 106
India 109
Belgium 110
112South Africa
Australia 113
Germany 113
Canada 114
UK 120
Sweden 121
Poland 124
Brazil 133
Switzerland 134
Spain 148
Mexico 162
Uzbekistan 176
USA 185
China 192
Thailand 218
Argentina 295
100 
Minimum wage
in each country
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 115:
2023 PARENTAL LEAVE TAKEN
                                                         
Maternity Leave
Entitlement
Paternity Leave 
Entitlement
Adoption Leave 
Entitlement
Breastfeeding Leave
Entitlement
 Total Men Women Total Men Women Total Men Women Total Men Women
Total Number of Employees 
entitled to Parental Leavea 7,102 0 7,102 32,208 32,208 0 35,050 28,154 6,816 11,208 4,820 3,388
Maternity Leave Paternity Leavec Adoption Leaved Breastfeeding Leave
Total Men Women Total Men Women Total Men Women Total Men Women
Total Number of Employees 
taking Parental Leaveb 368 0 368 1,054 1,054 0 2 0 2 103 28 75
(a) Number of employees entitled to parental leave as at October 31, 2023, as per applicable laws, collective labor agreements, and/or Company policies.  
(b) From November 2022 to October 2023.
(c) In North America, paternity, adoption, and breastfeeding leaves are included in family care leave, and so are not included in the data for parental leave.
(d) In several timekeeping/payroll systems, adoption leave is coded as maternity or paternity leave; therefore, the data for adoption is partial.
TYPE OF LEAVE TAKEN CNH worldwide (%)
11% 
Education 
88.3% taken by 
male workers
32% 
Personal care 
29.8% taken 
by female workers
57% 
Family-related 
21% taken by 
female workers
FLEXIBLE LEAVE UPTAKE CNH worldwide (%)
Europe
Rest 
of World
Latin 
America
North 
America
100%
83.6%
69.7%
92.8%
PARENTAL LEAVE POLICIESa CNH worldwide
                                                         
Maternity Leave Paternity Leave Adoption Leave
Minimum 10 weeks paid (12 weeks leave) 
for birthing mothers 5 days 4 weeks
Maximum 26 weeks (legal obligation) 4 weeks 26 weeks (legal obligation)
(a) Based on a survey covering 76% of CNH’s workforce (survey sent to the 5 countries with the highest number of employees and includes representation from each of our 4 
operating regions).
05
APPENDIX
116 ___ 117
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 116:
PARENTAL LEAVE TAKEN (BY REGION AND BY GENDER) 
CNH worldwide (%)
29% 
Female workers
71% 
Male workers
18% 
Latin America
10% 
Rest of World
23% 
North America
49% 
Europe
BY REGION
BY GENDER
(a) 100% of each country mapped.
(b) Figures for Italy updated as of December 31, 2023.
2023 UNION MEMBERSHIP CNH worldwide (%)
35%
61%
4%
70%
83%
17%
87%
66%
62%
Countrya
Union membership
Non-Union membership
Poland 65%
UK 39%
Sweden 96%
Italyb 30%
USA 17%
Canada
Mexico 83%
South Africa 13%
Brazil 34%
Argentina 38%
12%88%
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 117:
MAIN WAGE AND REGULATORY AGREEMENTS CNH worldwide
                                                         
Country Main Wage and Regulatory Agreements
Italy
National collective bargaining agreement signed with the trade unions FIM, UILM, FISMIC, UGLM and AQCFR were 
renewed for the period January 1, 2023, to December 31, 2026. The economic element is regulated for the years 2023 and 
2024 only. In the first 2 years of the CLA 2023-26, an overall increase higher than inflation is expected. In addition, there is 
an economic increase of the “management function allowance” for white-collar professionals , a lump sum payment split 
into 2 tranches — April and July, 2023 — and, for the year 2023, the recognition of an amount in welfare/flexible benefits. 
The regulation of the collective performance bonus for 2023-24 mostly meets that of the collective bonus applied on an 
experimental basis in 2022.
A National Observatory of Industrial and Organizational Policies has been created to monitor how CNH manages its 
ecological transition. At the same time, the participation system based on Joint Commissions was also strengthened.
A joint working group was established within CNH — Iveco Group to look at an incentive system linked to professional skills.
France Above-inflation wage increases.
Poland
Agreements at the Płock and Kutno plants in February 2023 provide structural increases above inflation and for variable 
monthly pay based on compliance with safety regulations, as well as improvements in how the existing working-time 
flexibility scheme is applied.
USA
Some 1,000 hourly production employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the United Automobile, 
Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America until May 2, 2026. 
Additionally, some 800 production employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the International 
Association of Machinists until April 28, 2024.
Canada A small number of employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers Local Union 
No. 5917 until April 15, 2026.
Brazil
Agreements on pay increases based on the National Consumer Price Index (INPC) aim to align pay increases, benefits 
and working conditions with those applied across the country’s industrial sector. Profit-sharing agreements have been 
negotiated for payouts based on productivity, quality and continuous improvement targets.
Sorocaba and Curitiba signed agreements on the dismissal of 400 and 200 workers respectively who were paid hourly. 
Piracicaba and Contagem negotiated a collective hours bank agreement for this and next year. Sorocaba agreed to an 
above-inflation increase in pay for 2024. 
Argentina With inflation running at more than 100%, negotiations are quarterly and essentially reset inflation. Other negotiations 
are based on flexible working conditions.
DISTRIBUTION OF JOINT COMMITTEES CNH worldwide (%)
Equal 
Opportunity 
and Diversity
Pay
Training
Occupational 
H&S 
88%
20%
5%
25%
05
APPENDIX
118 ___ 119
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 118:
2023 GRIEVANCES FILED AND RESOLVED CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
Grievances filed Grievances resolved 
North America 1 1
EMEA 0 0
Latin America 0 0
APAC 0 0
Total 1 1
MAIN ISSUES COVERED UNDER THE AGREEMENTS CNH worldwide
                                                         
Operating issues 
Wages/pay issues
Health and safety 
Restructuring 
Training 
Other 
Equal opportunities 
Employability and lifelong learning 
Stress management 
Career development 
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 119:
MINIMUM NOTICE PERIODS FOR OPERATIONAL CHANGES CNH worldwide
                                                         
Area Minimum Notice Period Reference
USA
A minimum of 60 days’ notice for any action 
that will cause at least 50 employees, or 33% 
of the workforce, to lose their jobs.
Notice period is in line with the federal Worker Adjustment and 
Retraining Notification Act (WARN), which applies to both unionized 
and non-unionized sites. The CBA between CNH America LLC and 
International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural 
Implement Workers of America (UAW), which covers plants located in 
Burlington and Racine, includes a letter of understanding stating that 
the Company will refrain from permanently shutting down either plant 
during the stated agreement term. A separate letter of understanding 
under the same CBA requires the Company to provide 6-months’ 
advance notice to the local unions in the event of a full plant closure. 
Should this 6-month notice period impair the Company’s need for speed, 
flexibility and confidentiality, the Company may provide such notice no 
less than 60 days prior to full plant closure.
European Union
The Council Directive 2001/23/EC stipulates 
that, should a contractual sale or merger result in 
the transfer of a business, plant or part of a plant, 
an information and consultation procedure must 
be conducted with employee representatives. 
The procedure must be initiated a reasonable 
period of time before the transfer.
The Council Directive 98/59/EC on the approximation of the laws of 
the EU member states relating to collective redundancies requires 
employers to hold consultations with workers’ representatives whenever 
collective redundancies are being contemplated. Accordingly, CNH 
subsidiaries comply with the regulatory provisions resulting from the 
adoption of the above directives in each individual EU member state.
Brazil
A reasonable period of time before any 
change; when necessary, such changes are 
made gradually to prepare employees for new 
scenarios.
Bargaining is not mandatory in the event of the transfer of a business, 
plant or parts of a plant resulting from a contractual sale or merger, but it 
is customary for CNH to implement a direct and formal communication 
process with both employees and unions. Talks generally focus on 
minimizing social impacts. Operational changes in Latin America, such as 
the deployment of new technologies to improve work efficiency, quality, 
competitiveness or employee health and safety are preceded by formal 
negotiations with labor unions, according to the specific terms and 
conditions within the CBA.
Australia
Notify unions, delegates and officials within 
28 days in the event of changes that may 
significantly affect employees.
China
The National Labor Union stipulates that all 
operational changes, such as reorganizations, 
restructurings, or actions causing 20 or more 
employees, or 10%, to lose their jobs must be 
notified to the union itself. Such operational 
changes must be filed and approved by the 
Labor Bureau 30 days before any further 
notifications or actions, or the changes are 
deemed illegal.
South Africa A 60-day consultation period is required, 
followed by 30-days’ notice.
Uzbekistan The minimum notice period for operational 
changes is 2 months.
05
APPENDIX
120 ___ 121
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 120:
OCCUPATIONAL  
HEALTH AND SAFETY
EMPLOYEE OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS FREQUENCY RATE (OIFR)
CNH worldwide (cases of recordable ill health 
per 1,000,000 hours worked)
2021
2022
2023
0.031
0.278
0.062
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY CNH worldwide
                                                         
Internal Employees Agency / Temporary Employees Contractor Employees
Region
Number of 
total injuries 
(> 3 days)
of which 
high-consequence 
injuries 
Number of 
total injuries 
(> 3 days)
of which 
high-consequence 
injuries 
Number of 
total injuries 
(> 3 days)
of which 
high-consequence 
injuries 
2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
NA 14 21 0 2 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
LA 10 16 1 0 0 0 0 0 7 10 0 0
EMEA 38 52 0 0 4 5 0 0 0 7 0 1
APAC 3 5 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 65 94 1 2 6 8 0 0 7 17 0 1
(a) The frequency rate is the number of injuries (resulting in more than 3 days of 
absence) divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 1,000,000. 
The base year (2018) employee injury frequency rate is equal to 2.000 injuries 
per 1,000,000 hours worked. 
EMPLOYEE INJURY FREQUENCY RATEa
CNH worldwide (injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked)
Target 2024 vs 2018 
-35%
2021
2022
2023
0.997
1.500
1.455

Page 121:
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY PERFORMANCE — EMPLOYEES CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injurya (no.) 1 0
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill healtha (no.) 0 0
Number of high-consequence work-related injuriesb, excluding fatalities (no.) 0 2
Number of recordable work-related injuriesc (no.) 65 94
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill healthc (no.) 2 4
Injury frequency rated (total injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked) 0.997 1.455
Injury severity ratee (days of absence per 1,000 hours worked) 0.037 0.042
Injury frequency ratef (high-consequence work-related injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked, 
excluding fatalities) 0.0 0.031
Injury frequency rateg (work related injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked) 0.997 1.455
Occupational illness frequency rate (OIFR) (cases of recordable work-related ill health 
per 1,000,000 hours worked) 0.031 0.062
Number of hours worked (no.) 65,190,457 64,590,776
(a) Work-related injuries and ill health are those that arise from exposure to hazards at work, as defined by GRI Standards (GRI 403). 
(b) A high-consequence work-related injury is one that results when the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within 6 months.
(c) A recordable work-related injury or ill health is that which results in any of the following: death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer to another job, medical 
treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness; or significant injury or ill health diagnosed by a physician or other licensed healthcare professional, even if it does not result 
in death, days away from work, restricted work or job transfer, medical treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness, as defined by GRI Standards (GRI 403).
(d) The injury frequency rate is the number of injuries (work-related and non-work related, resulting in more than 3 days of absence) divided by the number of hours worked, 
multiplied by 1,000,000. The base year (2018) employee injury frequency rate is equal to 2.000 injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked.
(e) The injury severity rate is the number of days of absence (of more than 3 days, due to work-related and non-work related injuries) divided by the number of hours worked, 
multiplied by 1,000.
(f) The rate of high-consequence work-related injuries is the number of such injuries reported divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 1,000,000.
(g) The rate of recordable work-related injuries is the number of such injuries reported divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 1,000,000.
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY PERFORMANCE - CONTRACTORS CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injurya (no.) 0 0
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill healtha (no.) 0 0
Number of high-consequence work-related injuriesb, excluding fatalities (no.) 0 1
Number of recordable work-related injuriesc (no.) 7 17
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill healthc (no.) 1 0
Injury frequency rated (injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked) 0.897 2.906
Injury severity ratee (days of absence per 1,000 hours worked) 0.009 0.059
Injury frequency ratef (high-consequence work-related injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked, 
excluding fatalities) 0 0.171
Injury frequency rateg (work related injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked) 0.897 2.906
Occupational illness frequency rate (OIFR) (cases of recordable work-related ill health 
per 1,000,000 hours worked) 0.128 0
Number of hours worked (no.) 7,803,570 5,850,418
(a) Work-related injuries and ill health are those that arise from exposure to hazards at work, as defined by GRI Standards (GRI 403). 
(b) A high-consequence work-related injury is one that results when the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within 6 months.
(c) A recordable work-related injury or ill health is that which results in any of the following: death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer to another job, medical 
treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness; or significant injury or ill health diagnosed by a physician or other licensed healthcare professional, even if it does not result 
in death, days away from work, restricted work or job transfer, medical treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness, as defined by GRI Standards (GRI 403).
(d) The injury frequency rate is the number of injuries (work-related and non-work related, resulting in more than 3 days of absence) divided by the number of hours worked, 
multiplied by 1,000,000. The base year (2018) employee injury frequency rate is equal to 2.000 injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked.
(e) The injury severity rate is the number of days of absence (of more than 3 days, due to work-related and non-work related injuries) divided by the number of hours worked, 
multiplied by 1,000.
(f) The rate of high-consequence work-related injuries is the number of such injuries reported divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 1,000,000.
(g) The rate of recordable work-related injuries is the number of such injuries reported divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 1,000,000.
05
APPENDIX
122 ___ 123
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 122:
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY PERFORMANCE - AGENCY WORKERS CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injurya (no.) 0 1
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill healtha (no.) 0 0
Number of high-consequence work-related injuriesb, excluding fatalities (no.) 0 0
Number of recordable work-related injuriesc (no.) 6 8
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill healthc (no.) 12 0
Injury frequency rated (injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked) 0.654 0.757
Injury severity ratee (days of absence per 1,000 hours worked) 0.017 0.007
Injury frequency ratef (high-consequence work-related injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked, 
excluding fatalities) 0 0
Injury frequency rateg (work related injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked) 0.654 0.757
Occupational illness frequency rate (OIFR) (cases of recordable work-related ill health 
per 1,000,000 hours worked) 1.309 0
Number of hours worked (no.) 9,168,462 10,562,998
(a) Work-related injuries and ill health are those that arise from exposure to hazards at work, as defined by GRI Standards (GRI 403). 
(b) A high-consequence work-related injury is one that results when the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within 6 months.
(c) A recordable work-related injury or ill health is that which results in any of the following: death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer to another job, medical 
treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness; or significant injury or ill health diagnosed by a physician or other licensed healthcare professional, even if it does not result 
in death, days away from work, restricted work or job transfer, medical treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness, as defined by GRI Standards (GRI 403).
(d) The injury frequency rate is the number of injuries (work-related and non-work related, resulting in more than 3 days of absence) divided by the number of hours worked, 
multiplied by 1,000,000. The base year (2018) employee injury frequency rate is equal to 2.000 injuries per 1,000,000 hours worked.
(e) The injury severity rate is the number of days of absence (of more than 3 days, due to work-related and non-work related injuries) divided by the number of hours worked, 
multiplied by 1,000.
(f) The rate of high-consequence work-related injuries is the number of such injuries reported divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 1,000,000.
(g) The rate of recordable work-related injuries is the number of such injuries reported divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 1,000,000.
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 123:
HUMAN CAPITAL  
MANAGEMENT
(a) Local managers are those who come from the geographic area in question.
MANAGERS OF LOCAL NATIONALITYa BY REGION CNH worldwide (%)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Europe 77 77 83
NA 86 88 90
LATAM 97 98 95
Rest of World 80 81 73
Total 83 84 85
TRAINING HOURS BY CONTRACT TYPE CNH worldwide
                                                         
Contract Type Training Hours
Contractor 7.12
Employee 543,088.02
Intern 13,079.17
Temporary 2,560.55
Total 558,734.86
(a) Variations in training from 2021 to 2022 reflect change in number of employees due to demerger with Iveco Group, and significant investment in company-wide culture training 
for CNH, categorized under “Management and Soft Skills”.
HOURS OF TRAINING BY TYPE OF TRAINING CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022a 2021
Job-Specific 
Expertise
Management 
and Soft Skills
Language 
and ICT Tools
Job-Specific 
Expertise
Management 
and Soft Skills
Language 
and ICT Tools
Job-Specific 
Expertise
Management 
and Soft Skills
Language 
and ICT Tools
Training 
hours (no.) 486,270.33 56,323.57 16,140.96 457,048 434,648 7,182 984,302 49,980 7,700
Average hours 
of training per 
employee (no.)
12.1 1.4 0.4 11.3 10.7 0.2 13.7 0.7 0.1
% of total 
training hours 87% 10% 3% 51% 48% 1% 94% 5% 1%
TRAINING IN NUMBERS CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023
Training hours (no.) 558,735 
Employees involved in training (no.) 34,368
Average hours of training per employee (no.) 13.89  
Average amount spent per employee ($) 50.8 
TALENT ATTRACTION CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
New graduatesa recruited 431 1486 782
Traineeships and government social plansb 2373 2031 3,286
(a) Graduated from university or equivalent no more than 3 years prior to hiring.
(b) Part-time and hourly contracts.
05
APPENDIX
124 ___ 125

Page 124:
(a) For more information on employee categories, see page 98.
DETAILS OF TRAINING PER EMPLOYEE BY CATEGORYa CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Hourly
Salaried and 
Professional Manager Hourly
Salaried and 
Professional Manager Hourly
Salaried and 
Professional Manager
Training 
hours 257,745.88 285,866.67 15,122.31 606,550 277,108 15,176 643,379 379,719 18,884
Employees 
involved in 
training
14,375 19,041 951 23,086 16,506 881 15,879 25,920 1,237
Average hours 
of training per 
employee
11.1 17.8 17.1 18.1 24.9 18.0 14.1 15.1 16.9
% of total 
training hours 42 55 3 57 41 2 37 60 3
DETAILS OF TRAINING PER EMPLOYEE BY GENDER CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Men Women Men Women Men Women
Training hours 447,010.4 111,724.46 729,667 169,506 891,254 150,728
Employees 
involved in 
training
26,862 7,507 33,322 7,189  34,437 8,599
Average hours 
of training per 
employee 
13.6 15.4 22.0 24.6 14.9 12.5
EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS CNH worldwide
                                                         
Cultural Belief and Goal Program name Description Audience
AG PRODUCT 
DEVELOPMENT 
MENTORING PROGRAM
9-month program focused 
on growing leadership confidence 
and capabilities
40 talents
CONVERGE
Global mentoring program 
delivered by top management to 
a diverse group of talented individual
34 talents
LEADER 
FUNDAMENTALS
Orientation program to introduce 
new CNH leaders to team management 
and how to build a positive culture 
aligned with our cultural beliefs and values
All new managers 
worldwide 
EMBRACING 
A CUSTOMER FIRST 
MINDSET
Regular training to identify elements of 
a customer-centric mindset and the individual 
behaviors that support it
R&D 
employees
PRODUCT AND 
BUSINESS 
FAMILIARIZATION
Modular learning course sharing live 
virtual sessions, videos and interviews 
with dealers and customers, as well as 
equipment rides and drive
All EMEA 
employees
MASTER SPECIALIZING 
PROGRAM — 
CONSTRUCTION 
EQUIPMENT SEGMENT
2-year rotational programs held in partnership 
with the Politecnico of Turin (EMEA), 
Partnership PUC MINAS (LA) and Wichita 
State University (NA) that help employees 
develop a wider business perspective and 
diverse skills by experiencing different jobs
New Construction 
segment product 
development 
engineers in North 
America, Latin 
America and EMEA
CUSTOMER FIRST 
MINDSET, PRODUCTS AND EXPERTISE
ONE TEAM AND 
GROW TOGETHER 
LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT
BE THE BEST 
TALENTS/SUCCESSION PLANNING
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 125:
SUSTAINABLE  
SUPPLY CHAIN
SUPPLIERS IN NUMBERS CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023
Direct and indirect material purchasesa (% of the total volume of CNH purchases) 83
Direct material suppliers (no.) 3,192
Value of purchases from direct material suppliersb ($ billion) 8.4
Value of purchases from indirect material suppliersc ($ billion) 1.8
Local suppliers (%) 64
(a) Refers to the value of purchases.
(b) Direct materials are pre-assembled components and systems used in assembly. The value of raw material purchases is considered marginal.
(c) Indirect materials are services, machinery, equipment, etc.
RAW MATERIALS USED IN SEMI-FINISHED GOODS PURCHASED BY THE COMPANY CNH worldwide (thousand tons)
                                                         
2023
Steel and cast irona 1,468
Plastics and resins 19
Rubber 50
Other miscellaneous materials 59
(a) Including scrap.
PAPER, CARDBOARD AND WOOD CONSUMPTION CNH worldwide (tons)
                                                         
2023
Paper (office use) 207
Cardboard (packaging used at plants) 6,699
Wood (packaging used at plants) 29,322
Related procurement spend ($) 30,017,506
SUPPLIER SUSTAINABILITY SELF-ASSESSMENT QUESTIONNAIRES CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Suppliersa involved in the assessment process (%) 92 93 90
Suppliers involved as a percentage of direct material purchases (%) 99 99 99
Completed questionnaires (no.) 1,495 1,347 1,390
Average assessment score 78/100 78/100 76/100
(a) Key suppliers are our top 150 suppliers in terms of purchase value.
05
APPENDIX
126 ___ 127

Page 126:
2023 ANALYSIS OF SUPPLIER SELF-ASSESSMENT QUESTIONNAIRES CNH worldwide
                                                         
Number of suppliers identified 
as having significant actual and/or 
potential negative impacts
Significant actual and/or 
potential negative impacts
Environment (EN) 79
 Climate strategy 
 Environmental strategy (focus on water and biodiversity)
 Measures to reduce the environmental impact of logistics processes
Labor practices (LA) 16
 Ethics and compliance training
 Supplier’s environmental training
 Audits on supplier’s health and safety practices
Human rights (HR) 19
 Code of conduct
 Contractual requirements for suppliers, including labor and human rights
 Laws and regulations
Impacts on society (SO) 51  Contractual requirements for suppliers including compliance and ethics
AUDITS BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
North America 16 15 11
Europe 16 15 37
Latin America 13 12 14
Rest of World 25 23 33
Total 70 65 95
The total number of audits worldwide covered approximately 4% of the total purchase value. They involved 29 suppliers and resulted in 
435 corrective action plans. No critical issues emerged from the audits and no contracts were suspended or terminated. 
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 127:
2023 ANALYSIS OF CORRECTIVE ACTION PLANS CNH worldwide
                                                         
Percentage of suppliers identified 
as having significant actual and/or 
potential negative impacts and who 
adopt agreed action plansa
Number of 
action plans 
identified
Main 
action plan 
topics
Environment (EN) 27 112
 Improvement in environmental management system
 Definition of targets (for energy, GHG, water and waste)
Labor practices (LA) 26 198
 Training initiatives 
 Expansion of relevant documentation
 Supply-chain engagement
Human rights (HR) 26 67
 Training initiatives 
 Expansion of relevant documentation
 Improvement in overtime practices
 Improvement in overtime practices
Impacts on society (SO) 39 58  Definition of a supplier code of conduct 
(a) The percentage is calculated based on the number of suppliers audited. No suppliers were considered at risk in terms of child labor, forced/compulsory labor or violations of 
either freedom of association or collective bargaining.
CDP SUPPLY-CHAIN RESULTS CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Key suppliers that participated in the CDP survey (%) 64 62 73
Key suppliers that have a transition plan aligned to a 1.5-degree world 27 25 28
CO2 emissions cut (million tons) 6 6 6
05
APPENDIX
128 ___ 129
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 128:
CUSTOMERS, SALES  
AND AFTERSALES  
2023 WEB ACADEMY CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
Area Training Centers
Dealership staff
registered
Sessions completed
by dealership staff
Dealership staff
participations in
completed sessions
North America 5 26,600 2,100 224,500
Europe 7 27,000 3,100 64,900
Latin America 4 23,000 3,900 174,500
Rest of World 7 15,000 1,000 14,400
Total 23 91,600 10,100 478,300
2023 UPTIME SUPPORT CNH worldwide
                                                         
Segment
Region Agriculture Construction
Contacts processed (no.)
North America
6,179 1,412
Average call center response time (seconds) to dealersa 657.44 511.98
Contacts processed (no.)
Europe
75,000 2,000
Average call center response time (seconds) 16 16
Contacts processed (no.) Latin America 700 298
Average call center response time (seconds) 10 12
Customer Uptime
Customer back to work within 48 hours (%) North America 43 41
Customer back to work within 48 hours (%) Europe 92 55
Customer back to work within 48 hours (%) Latin America 85 70
CX PROGRAM - NUMBER OF SURVEYS AG/CE (PURCHASE + OWN & USE + REPAIR) CNH worldwide
                                                         
Region 2023 2022 2021
APAC 71,208 37,651 1,636
EMEA 26,524 21,607 20,070
LATAM 57,779 44,932 33,143
NA 16,480 12,381 11,175
Total 171,991 116,571 66,024
CX PROGRAM - MARKET COVERAGE (% ON NET SALES) CNH worldwide (%)
                                                         
Segment 2023 2022 2021
AG WW 94 92 82
CE WW 67 56 54
(a) In North America, the average call center response time refers to the time required to respond to the dealer, with either a resolution or next steps, following the dealer’s 
(not the customer’s) first contact.

Page 129:
LOCAL  
COMMUNITIES
2023 CONTRIBUTIONSa CNH worldwide ($)
                                                         
Type of contribution 2023
Cash contributions 11,853,639
Time contribution (employee volunteering during paid working hours) 160,554
In-kind donations (products/services, projects/partnerships or similar) 397,545
Management overheads 388,171
Total 12,799,909
CONTRIBUTION TO LOCAL COMMUNITIESb CNH worldwide (%)
(a) Investment data for local communities is categorized as per the principles set out in the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) Guidance Manual. Figures are based on accounting 
data, calculations and data reported by employees and include estimates. For details on the methodology, see below.
(b) Including the total cost of management.
2% 
Time contribution
of employees during 
working hours
93% 
Cash contributions
15% 
EMEA
11% 
APAC
35% 
North America
39% 
Latin America
17% 
Other
13% 
Emergency Relief
13% 
Arts and Culture
26% 
Social Welfare
31% 
Education and young people
7% 
Charitable donations
9% 
Commercial initiatives 
with social impact
84% 
Investment in 
local communities
BY TYPE
BY REGION
BY SUBJECT
BY CATEGORY
5% 
Donations In-kind
05
APPENDIX
130 ___ 131

Page 130:
Community Investment Methodology
Investment data for local communities is categorized as per 
the principles set out in the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) 
framework. 
The Company monitors both initiative costs and management 
costs. The initiative cost may be a cash contribution, in-kind 
donation (calculated as cost to the company, not the commercial 
value) or volunteer work (estimated based on the number of 
hours employees spend volunteering for the initiative during 
paid working hours). Management costs can be internal (i.e., the 
cost of employee time to manage and organize humanitarian 
initiatives promoted by the Company) or external.
The Corporate Community Investment (CCI) tool, developed 
in line with the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) framework, 
is used to evaluate the types of benefits gained in the 4 major 
areas potentially affected by any project: people, organization, 
environment, and business. Based on this methodology, the 4 
areas are weighted and the project’s impact on specific aspects 
within each is rated on a scale from 1 (no impact) to 5 (very high 
impact). An average rating is then calculated for each area, 
representing the indicators (KPIs) to assess the project’s overall 
impact on people, organization, environment, and business, 
respectively.
The KPIs in detail are:
 Benefit to people — positive change in people’s attitude or 
behavior; skills and personal development; direct impact on 
people’s quality of life;
 Benefit to organization — capacity building;
 Benefit to environment — direct environmental impact; impact 
on human activities and behavior;
 Benefit to business — benefits of volunteering for employees 
(job-related skills, personal impact, behavior change); 
Improved stakeholder relations/perceptions; business 
generated; brand awareness.
CORPORATE COMMUNITY INVESTMENT (CCI) EVALUATIONa OF SELECT 2023 PROJECTS CNH worldwide
                                                         
Evaluation of Impactsb on: 
Association Project (Country) People Organization Environment
Employee 
participants 
(volunteers) Business Outputsc
TechPro2 Technical training 
(China) 4.5 4.4 3.5 5 4.8 See page 70
Gente de Bem Youth empowerment 
(Brazil) 4.33 3.4 2 3.4 2
160 beneficiaries. 
Increased program 
enrollment vs 2022
Team Rubicon Disaster relief (USA) 4 3.8 1 2.6 2.6  See page 70
Beach Care Project Environmental 
clean-up (UK/Spain) 4.67  4.2  5  3.5  4.2  See page 69
(a) The evaluation has been updated according to the B4SI Framework. 
(b) Benefits are rated on a scale from 1 (no impact) to 5 (very high impact). 
(c) Where indicated, outcomes are highlighted in the respective project descriptions.
2023 EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING CNH worldwide
                                                         
2023
Number of Employees 2,221
Hours Volunteered During Working Hours 8,199
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 

Page 131:
GOVERNANCE  
SYSTEM
AUDITS BY TYPE CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023
Business Ethics Compliance (BEC) 6
Whistleblowing (WB) 22
Othera 21
Total 49
(a) ‘Other’ refers to regulatory requirements, mainly included in the audits on SOX Quality Assurance and in compliance with Italian Legislative Decree no. 231/01.
DISCIPLINARY APPROACH TO SUBSTANTIATED BREACHES OF THE CODE OF CONDUCT OR COMPANY POLICIES 
CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
Type of disciplinary action 2023
Termination of employment 42
Disciplinary action 46
Coaching, remedial training or review of the relevant policy 47
Total 135
(a) Incidents are prioritized based on a combination of assigned impact and urgency levels. Priorities rank from high (P0) to low (P3). Each year, all incidents have been resolved 
with no impact on business activities. It should be noted that the increase in the number of incidents detected is due to the yearly increase in the scope of information systems. 
INFORMATION/CYBERSECURITY INCIDENTS AND BREACHES CNH worldwide (no.)
                                                         
2023 2022 2021
Total number of information security breaches 
or other cybersecurity incidentsa
P0 0 0 0
P1 3 1 1
P2 44 22 70
P3 4,099 2,232 4,588
Total number of information security breaches involving 
customers’ personally identifiable information 0 0 0
Number of customers affected by the Company’s data breaches 0 0 0
Total value of fines/penalties paid in relation to information 
security breaches or other cybersecurity incidents ($) 0 0 0
INFORMATION  
SECURITY
05
APPENDIX
132 ___ 133

Page 132:
ASSURANCE  
STATEMENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SGS Nederland’s report on sustainability activities in the CNH Industrial N.V. 
2023 Sustainability Report  
 
NATURE OF THE ASSURANCE/VERIFICATION 
SGS Nederland B.V. was commissioned to conduct an independent assurance of the CNH Industrial N.V. 
(henceforth referred to as “CNH Industrial”, or “Company”, or “Organization”) 2023 Sustainability Report. 
 
INTENDED USERS OF THIS ASSURANCE STATEMENT 
This Assurance Statement is provided with the intention of informing all CNH Industrial Stakeholders. 
 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
SGS Nederland B.V. is responsible for expressing its opinion on information, graphs, tables, and statements in 
the Sustainability Report, within the assurance scope described below, for the purpose of informing all interested 
parties. 
SGS Nederland B.V. expressly disclaims any liability or co-responsibility for the preparation of any of the material 
included in this document or for the process of collection and treatment of the data therein. 
The information in the Sustainability Report is the exclusive responsibility of CNH Industrial. 
The information in the Report and its presentation are the responsibility of the governing body and the  
management of CNH Industrial. The Company is responsible for the identification of stakeholders and of material 
issues, for defining objectives with respect to sustainability performance, and for establishing and maintaining 
appropriate performance management and internal control systems. 
 
ASSURANCE STANDARDS AND TYPE AND LEVEL OF ASSURANCE 
The SGS ESG & Sustainability Report Assurance protocols used to conduct assurance are based upon 
internationally recognised assurance guidance and standards including t he Principles contained within the GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards) 1 Foundation (2021) for report quality, and the guidance on 
levels of assurance contained within the AA1000 series of standards and ISAE3000.  
The assurance of this Report has been conducted according to the following Assurance Standards:  AA1000 
Assurance Standard v3 Type 2 evaluation of report content and  supporting management systems against the 
AA1000 Accountability Principles (2018). 
Assurance has been conducted at a moderate level of scrutiny.  
 
SCOPE OF ASSURANCE AND REPORTING CRITERIA 
The scope of the assurance  included evaluation of quality , accuracy, and reliability of specified performance 
information as detailed below. 
SGS Nederland B.V. was asked to express an opinion in relation to the assurance scope, which includes the 
following aspects:  
 the review of the Company’s approach to the materiality analysis and stakeholder engagement processes 
and initiatives; 
 the assessment of the robustness of the data management systems, information flow and controls, and the 
verification of qualitative and/or quantitative information to confirm the accuracy and the process of data 
elaboration and synthesis; 
 the performance of a type 2 evaluation of the application of the AA1000 AP (2018) and of the reliability of the 
information reported. 
 the confirmation of the adherence of the sustainability model adopted by CNH Industrial to the 
requirements of ISO 26000 guidance. 
 
 
ASSURANCE STATEMENT 


Page 133:
 
 
 
 
ASSURANCE METHODOLOGY LIMITATIONS AND MITIGATION 
The verification process is based on SGS Product Procedure for Sustainability Report Assurance and 
incorporates the AA1000 Assurance Standard as audit criteria. The assurance comprised a combination of pre -
assurance research, validation of materiality analysis and stakeholder engagement methodology, the examination 
of records, procedures and documents, and interviews with personnel and management. 
The texts, graphs, and tables included in the Report were verified by selecting, on a significant sample, qualitative 
and/or quantitative information to confirm the accuracy of the data collection and consolidation process.  
Auditing activities were carried out in February and March 2024 involving the Company’s central functions and its 
plants in Contagem (Brazil), New Holland (USA), Pithambur (India), to assess the reliability of the data reporting 
process. Concerning the audit at the headquarters, t he audit activities were conducted rem otely. The audits at 
the plants were conducted on site. 
Financial data is taken directly from the independently audited CNH Industrial Annual Report as at December 31, 
2023, prepared in accordance with accounting standards generally accepted in the United States (US GAAP) for 
US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reporting purposes. The US GAAP financial results are included 
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 
STATEMENT OF INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCE 
The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing , and verification, operating in more than 
140 countries and providing services including : management systems and service certification; quality, 
environmental, social, and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social, and sustainability report assurance.  
SGS Nederland B.V. affirms its independence from CNH Industrial, being free from bias and conflict of interests 
with the Company, its subsidiaries, and stakeholders. 
The assurance team was composed  based on the knowledge, experience , and qualifications  of the team 
members, and comprised auditors that are experts in social, governance, and environmental fields and that are 
qualified against ISO 14001, ISO 50001, GHG Protocol, ISO 14067 and ISO 14064-1 standards. 
 
ASSURANCE OPINION 
On the basis of the verification work performed, we are satisfied, with a reasonable level of assurance, that the 
information contained in the CNH Industrial 202 3 Sustainability Report is accurate, balanced, and reliable, 
representing a relevant summary of the activities carried out by CNH Industrial in 202 3 and an essential tool in 
communicating with stakeholders.  
SGS Nederland B.V. confirms that the information included in the 2023 Sustainability Report provides a material 
and complete representation of the Company’s sustainability performance. 
We believe that the Organization has chosen an appropriate level of assurance for this stage in its reporting. 
Finally, we confirm that the Sustainability Model – integrated into the Company’s business model – is in line with 
the requirements of ISO 26000 guidance. 
 
ADHERENCE TO AA1000 ACCOUNTABILITY PRINCIPLES STANDARD (2018): 
With regards to the level of adherence to the AA1000 Principles (Inclusivity, Materiality, Responsiveness, and 
Impact), and to the approach of the Company to the materiality analysis and stakeholder engagement processes 
and initiatives, the audit team provides the following opinion: 
 
INCLUSIVITY 
The Organization has established a multi-stakeholder participation process that is integrated with the materiality 
analysis. The stakeholder engagement is continuous and effective and include employees, customers, dealers, 
opinion leaders, public institutions, NGOs, investors, journalists and Opinion Leaders. In light of all that, SGS 
Nederland B.V. confirmed through the verification that the Organization supports the principle of Inclusivity. 
MATERIALITY 
Twenty (20) material topics have been identified and prioritized in consideration of the requirements of 
international guidelines and stakeholder feedback. They have been assessed through a Double Materiality 
analysis, taking into account both business physical and financial impacts on environment and society. Each 
material topic has been analysed with both “impact materiality” prospective, impacts that company’s activities 
may have on the environment and society, as well as “financial materiali ty, so financial risks and opportunities 
that the company could face due to its activities or environmental challenges. Based on the interpretation of 
stakeholders’ expectations, the Organization has also defined five (5) sustainability priorities, these being Supply 
05
APPENDIX
134 ___ 135
ASSURANCE STATEMENT

Page 134:
 
Chain, Health & Safety, Product, and Climate Change, Biodiversity. The sustainability priorities are further driven 
by aspirational goals, seen as objectives to strive for over the long  term. In light of all that, SGS Italy S.p.A. 
confirmed through the verification that the Organization has identified key material issues and thus supports the 
principle of Double Materiality. 
RESPONSIVENESS 
The Sustainability Report discloses to stakeholders the strategies, programs, projects, and initiatives that address 
the material topics identified by the Organization. The material issues have also been linked to the SDGs most 
relevant for the Organization’s business activities. The targets and the results for the identified material topics are 
also disclosed in the  Report. In light of all that, SGS Nederland B.V. confirmed through the verification that the 
Organization supports the principle of Responsiveness. 
IMPACT 
The Organization has provided evidence that the data collection process is effective and robust. Through the 
Sustainability Report, the Organization fully discloses its impacts with respect to the key material topics and 
sustainability priorities identified. The disclosure includes a detailed update on the progress made concerning the 
sustainability targets set by the Organization.  In light of all that,  SGS Nederland B.V. confirmed through the 
verification that the Organization supports the principle of Impact. 
 
For and on behalf of SGS Nederland B.V. 
Andre Siraa 
Business Manager 
-------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
 
 
 
 
Spijkenisse, April 10 2024. 
 
 
WWW.SGS.COM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSURANCE STATEMENT

Page 135:
GRI INDEX
GRI Standards Disclosure Location
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organizational details EU-IFRS Annual Report 63
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting 99; EU-IFRS Annual 47-48
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 96; 141
2-4 Restatements of information 96
2-5 External assurance 134
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 8-9; 35; 57; EU-IFRS Annual 
Report 3; 20
2-7 Employees 99; 107
2-8 Workers who are not employees 99: 122
2-9 Governance structure and composition 74-75
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 75
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 75
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 74-75
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 74-75
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 74-75
2-15 Conflicts of interest EU-IFRS Annual Report 61
2-16 Communication of critical concerns 77
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 75
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body EU-IFRS Annual Report 84
2-19 Remuneration policies EU-IFRS Annual Report 86
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 41; 115; EU-IFRS Annual
Report 60
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 11
2-23 Policy commitments 76
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 76-79
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 49; 58; 76
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 77
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 65
2-28 Membership associations 84
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 90
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 47; 119
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics 90
3-2 List of material topics 91
3-3 Management of material topics 92-95
GRI 201: Economic 
Performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 102
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 81
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 42; EU-IFRS Annual
Report 142; 178
201-4 Financial assistance received from government 102
Statement of use CNH Industrial N.V. has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1, 2023 
and December 31, 2023 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021
136 ___ 137

Page 136:
GRI Standards Disclosure Location
GRI 202: Market 
Presence 2016
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage116
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community 125
GRI 204: Procurement 
Practices 2016 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 127
GRI 205: 
Anti-corruption 
2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 77
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 78
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 133
GRI 206: 
Anti-competitive 
Behavior 2016
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices EU-IFRS Annual Report 49; 184
GRI 301: 
Materials 2016 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 127
GRI 302:  
Energy 2016
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 103
302-3 Energy intensity 26
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 24-26; 103
GRI 303: 
Water and 
Effluents 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource 29-30
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts 29-30
303-3 Water withdrawal 105
303-4 Water discharge 105
303-5 Water consumption 105
GRI 304: 
Biodiversity 2016
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas  
and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas 106
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity 32-33: 106
304-3 Habitats protected or restored 32-33: 106
304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats 
in areas affected by operations 106
GRI 305: 
Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 104
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 104
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 27
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 27; 104
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) 104
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions 104
GRI 306: 
Waste 2020
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 31-32; 105
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts 31-32; 105
306-3 Waste generated 31-32; 105
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 31-32; 105
306-5 Waste directed to disposal 31-32; 105
GRI 308: Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 59
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 59-60; 128
GRI 401: 
Employment 
2016
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 36-37; 53-54; 107-113
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided  
to temporary or part-time employees 41-44
401-3 Parental leave 44; 117
GRI 402: 
Labor/Management 
Relations 2016
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes 121
GRI INDEX

Page 137:
GRI Standards Disclosure Location
GRI 403: 
Occupational 
Health and Safety 
2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 50
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 122-124
403-3 Occupational health services 51-52
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational 
health and safety 46-47
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 50-51
403-6 Promotion of worker health 42-43; 116-117
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly  
linked by business relationships 50-51
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 50
403-9 Work-related injuries 122-124
403-10 Work-related ill health 122-124
GRI 404: 
Training and 
Education 2016
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 125-126
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 125-126
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews 54-56
GRI 405: 
Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 36-40; 75; 114-115
GRI 406: Non-
discrimination 2016 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 77-78; 133
GRI 407: Freedom 
of Association 
and Collective 
Bargaining 2016
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association  
and collective bargaining may be at risk 45; 79; 128-129
GRI 408: Child 
Labor 2016 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor 59; 79; 128-129
GRI 409: Forced 
or Compulsory 
Labor 2016
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced 
or compulsory labor 59; 128-129
GRI 413: Local 
Communities 
2016
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, 
and development programs 66-70; 131-132
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts 
on local communities 66-70; 131-132
GRI 414: Supplier 
Social Assessment 
2016
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 59
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 129
GRI 415: Public 
Policy 2016 415-1 Political contributions 87
GRI 416: Customer 
Health and Safety 
2016
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 23
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts 
of products and services 102
GRI 417: Marketing 
and Labeling 2016
417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling 65
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information 
and labeling 65
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications 65
GRI 418: Customer 
Privacy 2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 
and losses of customer data 82-83; 133
05
APPENDIX
138 ___ 139
GRI INDEX

Page 138:
SASB INDEX
Topic Sasb code Metric Unit of measure Response comment
Activity
RT-IG-000.A Number of units produced 
by product category Number Agriculture 188,400
Construction 50,801
RT-IG-000.B Number of Employees Number 40,220
Energy 
Management RT-IG-130a.1
(1) total energy consumed Gigajoules (GJ) 3,532,441
(2) percentage grid electricity % 33.6
(3) percentage renewable % 23.3
Employee 
Health 
and Safety
RT-IG-320a.1
(1) total recordable incident rate (TRIR) (1) Rate 0.206
(2) fatality rate (2) Rate 0.031
(3) near miss frequency rate (NMFR) (3) Rate 18.883
Fuel Economy 
and Emissions 
in Use-Phase
RT-IG-410a.1 Sales-weighted fleet fuel efficiency for 
medium- and heavy-duty vehicles
Gallons per 
1,000 ton-miles Not applicable to CNH
RT-IG-410a.2 Sales-weighted fuel efficiency 
for non-road equipment
Gallons 
per hour
(4)
RT-IG-410a.3 Sales-weighted fuel efficiency  
for stationary generators
Watts  
per hour Not applicable to CNH 
RT-IG-410a.4
Sales-weighted emissions of:
(1) nitrogen oxides (NOx) and
(2) particulate matter (PM) for: 
   (a) marine diesel engines, 
   (b) locomotive diesel engines, 
   (c) on-road medium- and 
         heavy-duty engines, and 
   (d) other non-road diesel engines
Grams per 
kilowatt-hour
(4)
Materials 
Sourcing RT-IG-440a.1
Description of the 
management of risks 
associated with the 
use of critical materials
n/a
CNH’s products are highly complex, 
typically containing thousands of parts 
that come from many different direct 
suppliers within the Company’s vast 
global supply network. This means that 
the Company must rely on its direct 
suppliers to work with their upstream 
supply chain to detect the presence 
and evaluate the origin of any critical 
substances contained in components 
or materials it purchases. The Company 
has adopted policies, programs, and 
procedures to manage risks related 
to material sourcing and to promote 
responsible sourcing, particularly with 
regard to tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold 
(referred to as conflict minerals or 3TG), 
as well as cobalt (see Suppliers section)
Remanufacturing 
Design 
and Services
RT-IG-440b.1 Revenue from remanufactured products 
and remanufacturing services $ million 171
(1) The total recordable incident rate is the number of recordable work-related injuries and illnesses divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 200,000.
(2) The fatality rate is the number of work-related fatalities divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 200,000.
(3) The near miss frequency rate is the number of work-related near misses divided by the number of hours worked, multiplied by 200,000.
(4) Given the diversity of its products, the Company is currently identifying a methodology for the calculation of sales-weighted fuel efficiency and emissions data.

Page 139:
Corporate Office
Principal Office: Cranes Farm Road, Basildon, 
Essex, SS14 3AD, United Kingdom
website: www.cnh.com 
Investor Relations
e-mail: investor.relations@cnh.com
Communications
e-mail: mediarelations@cnh.com

