Page 1:
Sustainability
Report 2022

Page 2:
1.  This is CTP  3
1.1 Statement of the CEO  4
1.2  Letter from the Chairwoman of  
 the Sustainability Committee  6
1.3  Highlights 2022  8
1.4  About This Report  10
1.5  Company Profile  11
1.6  Double Materiality Assessment  20
1.7  ESG Oversight  24
TABLE OF CONTENT
2.  ESG Strategy  26
2.1  Striving to Be Climate Positive  30
2.2.  Embedding Parks in Communities  38
2.3  Stimulating Social Impact 
 & Well-being  44
2.4  Conducting Bus   iness 
 with Integrity  50
Sustainability Report 2022Sustainability Report 2022
3.  Sustainability in Numbers  58
3.1  Environmental Indicators  60
3.2  Social Indicators  63
4.  Notes  68
5.  Framework Alignment  69
 
 GRI Content Index  70
 EPRA  73
 TCFD  74
 
 Glossary  75
 Legal Notice  75


Page 3:
This is CTP
1. This is CTP
CTP N.V. (“CTP”, “the Company”, 
“the Group”) is the largest listed 
owner, developer and manager of 
industrial and logistics (“I&L”) 
properties in Europe and the long-
term leader in the business-smart 
markets of Central and Eastern  
Europe (“CEE”). Established in 
1998 in the Czech Republic, CTP 
has achieved 25 consecutive years 
of solid growth and profitability. 
CTP owns and operates the CTPark 
Network—a portfolio of A-class  
I&L properties which at end-2022 
totalled 10.5 million sqm of gross 
leasable area (“GLA”) at over  
200 locations in ten European 
countries, from the North Sea to 
the Black Sea. 
Sustainability Report 2022 32

Page 4:
Statement of the CEOSustainability Report 2022
1.1
Sustainability and community have always been part of CTP’s core
values and company culture. We have a long history of making 
positive impacts on our community, developing sustainable buildings, 
and conducting our business in an ethical and accountable manner. 
As CTP grows as a company, we continue to deepen our ESG goals 
and increase disclosure—which is why I am excited to present CTP’s 
inaugural ESG Report.
ESG comes naturally to CTP, as we have always been committed to 
long-term, sustainable development. CTP was the first developer in 
CEE to receive a BREEAM Outstanding building certification, and we 
have long been recognised in our markets as leaders in the development 
of energy efficient property solutions. At CTP, we do not view ESG as 
something that hinders business, but rather as an integral part of our 
overall strategy to grow long-term shareholder value over time while 
benefitting all other stakeholders. 
As the long-term owner-operator of our portfolio of business parks, 
we have also, from the beginning, made significant investments to im-
prove the quality of life and infrastructure of the communities where 
we operate, as we strive to be good neighbours and good corporate 
citizens in our markets. This has always been part of CTP’s business 
strategy and is now codified and amplified in our ESG strategy going 
forward. 
CTP has grown consistently over the course of its 25-year history. 
Today we employ nearly 700 property professionals in the ten countries 
where we operate—with approximately a 50:50 male/female ratio be-
low the Board level, which we have maintained for many years. During 
2022 we continued to increase the number of women in leadership posi-
tions, with the goal to have 30% representation in senior management.
Moving ESG forward
We made significant progress during 2022 codifying our ESG goals and 
training staff to continually improve on our vision, while at the same 
time deepening our reporting, which you will find in the following pages. 
During the year we developed our four-pillar ESG strategy and have 
defined clear and actionable KPI’s for each pillar to chart results. We 
also established our ESG Committee at the Board level, to increase 
Board oversight of our ESG strategy and goals to ensure that targets 
are met and that the strategy is revised each year for maximum impact.
In 2022 we improved our ESG rating with Sustainalytics, receiving 
a low-risk ranking, and for the first time participated in Standard & 
Poor’s Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment, where we were 
ranked as having no material impacts relating to ESG. We expect to 
continue to improve our ESG rankings as we institutionalise ESG prin-
ciples throughout our organisation. Toward this end, in 2022 we took 
the necessary steps to participate this year in the GRESB Real Estate 
Assessment—the global standard for ESG benchmarking and reporting 
for companies investing directly in real estate.
Sustainability as a driver of new business
The demand for sustainable property solutions continues to grow 
across our markets, which creates new opportunities and drives busi-
ness growth.
A significant development in this area in 2022 was the launch of our 
new energy business, where we see opportunities to achieve both our 
financial and ESG goals. Having installed our first rooftop solar plants 
in the early 2010s, at end-2022 we had 38KWp of installed capacity and 
are on track to add an additional 100 MWp during 2023. 
Developing solar power at scale is a win-win solution: we generate 
a new, profitable revenue stream for CTP, and at the same time provide 
reliable and renewable energy supplies to our tenants, which reduces
their overall costs of occupancy, bolsters their ESG credentials, and 
helps the planet by reducing harmful emissions. All new CTP properties
are built solar-ready—part of our strategy to meet the demand for 
sustainable property solutions across our markets. 
Another sustainability-led driver of business growth is the shift to-
ward the nearshoring and friend-shoring of supply chains. The inher-
ent instability of just-in-time global supply lines has become apparent 
in recent years, leading to a re-think and strong focus on sustainable 
solutions. Companies making strategic decisions to invest in new pro-
duction lines are increasingly choosing to locate them close to their final 
customers. This not only drives new business to our markets—it is also 
better for the environment and helps to push our ESG goals forward.
Community building
Building strong local communities has always been integral to CTP’s 
strategy. As the long-term owner and operator of its industrial and 
logistics parks, CTP has always taken a long-term approach to busi-
ness, which includes good corporate citizenship and making positive 
contributions to the communities where our parks are located. We 
have a long-standing history of community engagement, including sup-
port for education and disadvantaged youth. 
As part of our strategy, CTP has always worked closely with local 
communities to improve infrastructure and quality of life. A prime 
example is the success of our multi-use community Clubhaus concept, 
which launched in 2020 at CTPark Bor in the Czech Republic. The sec-
ond Clubhaus location launched in 2022 at CTPark Bucharest West in 
Romania with a BREEAM Outstanding certificate. We also launched 
our third Clubhaus location in 2022—at CTPark Budapest West in 
Hungary—and plan to roll out the concept to new locations in Bulgaria, 
Slovakia, Poland and at other parks in the Czech Republic in the coming 
years. 
As an indication of our commitment to social cohesion, in 2022, in 
response to the war in Ukraine, CTP donated €10 million to the UN 
Refugee Agency (UNHCR) to help provide humanitarian relief to those 
in need. We also provided warehouse space in our markets bordering 
Ukraine for relief supplies, as well as accommodation for refugees in 
our residential properties in the Czech Republic. 
In conclusion
I am proud of what we have accomplished as a company and the strides 
we have taken to formalise our commitments to the principles of ESG. 
Having successfully navigated the dynamic changes that our markets 
have experienced since our start in 1998, we are well-placed to benefit 
in the new ESG-driven environment, as its principles align with our long-
term strategy and goals.
W e look to 2023 to continually improve on our ESG activities and re-
porting—not because it is required—but because it is core to our mission 
of being a long-term partner to our stakeholders and making a positive 
impact on communities through our sustainable CTPark concept.
Remon L. Vos
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO
Statement of the CEO
2-22
54

Page 5:
Letter from the Chairwoman of 
the Sustainability Committee
1.2
Letter from the Chairwoman of the Sustainability CommitteeSustainability Report 2022
Dear Shareholders,
Our world is rapidly changing—driven by trends in how we live, work and 
play and threatening developments such as climate change. A company
like CTP has the opportunity to positively influence this change through
its presence in ten countries and its economic strength. The year 2022, 
with its macroeconomic headwinds, demonstrated the resiliency of 
CTP’s business model and was a solid continuation of consistent and 
sustainable growth for the Group. 
From the perspective of a company, sustainability begins with the 
awareness that all decisions have an influence on the environment, on 
employees, society and nature. This leads to the second step of being 
willing to minimise negative consequences for the outside world and 
maximise positive effects. In line with CTP’s long-term business prin-
ciples and strategy going forward, sustainability and the principles of 
ESG are integral to operations at all levels. CTP strives to be climate 
positive and is committed to reducing carbon emissions, increasing the 
production of renewable energy, and aligning operations with all rele-
vant frameworks and regulations. 
CTP’s sustainability efforts were recognised by Sustainalytics, 
with an ESG Rating of 10.2 and assessed as Low Risk; by Standard & 
Poor’s, with a Global Sustainability Assessment and ESG Evaluation
Score of 67; as well as by the Company’s inclusion in the AEX ESG in-
dex, Which includes the 25 companies within the AEX and AMX indices 
demonstrating best Environmental, Social and Governance practices. 
Corporate sustainability
In 2022, CTP took several steps to formalise and institutionalise its 
ESG strategy across the Group to demonstrate its strong corporate 
sustainability. CTP developed a four-pillar approach to systemise top-
ics that the Company considers material. These pillars capture focus 
areas and represent interlinked groups of activities. The CTP community
feels and experiences that sustainability is incorporated in all processes, 
from formalising these activities to strengthening innovation efforts, 
which are coordinated by the Head of ESG. CTP focuses on construc-
tion and operations to minimise its carbon footprint. The Industrial & 
Logistics sector is also transitioning from being a pure cost-centre to 
a driver of companies’ performance. CTP’s dedicated client-centric
approach supports clients’ sustainability demands, with engagement 
on green lease clauses and CTP’s Supplier Code of Conduct, which 
sets out the shared values of integrity, compliance and sustainability.
To continuously improve the governance of ESG topics, including 
climate-related risks and opportunities within the Group and to enhance 
the Board’s oversight, in 2022 CTP established the ESG Committee.
Sustainable real estate 
The demand for sustainable property solutions continues to grow 
across all sectors and markets, as most tenants demand that new 
facilities are built future-proof in terms of energy efficiency and are 
in line with circular economy principles of waste management, recy-
cling and resource usage. This creates new opportunities and drives 
business growth by implementing sustainable real estate solutions 
like the launch of CTP’s energy business. CTP developed its first 
installed rooftop solar plants from the early 2010s into a new business to 
provide reliable and renewable energy supplies to its tenants, which re-
duces their overall costs of occupancy, bolsters their ESG credentials, 
and helps the planet by reducing harmful emissions. 
Sustainability needs transparency not only on new buildings. In 2022,
CTP conducted a physical climate risk assessment on its standing 
portfolio to verify acute and chronic physical climate risks and does 
not foresee any analysed climate risk that can significantly affect its 
financial performance in the near future. CTP also conducted a double 
materiality assessment to evaluate the impact of the Company on ESG
matters and the potential financial impact of ESG matters on Com-
pany performance. The results highlighted energy efficiency, carbon
emissions and climate neutrality followed by sustainable design, 
supply-chain management, certification, climate adaptation, health 
and safety, employees, diversity, equity, ethical business conduct, 
Board oversight and human rights, which are all integrated in CTP’s 
four-pillar approach to ESG goals. 
But it’s not only about the planet, it’s also about people and society.
Embedding parks into communities and improving quality of life 
have always been part of CTP’s strategy as long-term owners and 
operators. CTP’s activities in this are diverse and include support for 
education and disadvantaged youth; the development of sports and 
transportation infrastructure at park locations that are available to 
the public; and our multi-purpose Clubhaus concept, which creates 
community focal points at select park locations, with restaurants and 
cafes, spaces for public events and even medical facilities at some lo-
cations. The quality of transportation options and accessibility beyond 
solely private cars are also important, and CTP works actively with local 
and regional governmental agencies to create bus lines with access to 
its parks. Green spaces and natural solutions are also an essential topic 
in our park concept. Biodiversity is not the first thing that comes to 
mind with regards to industrial parks, but CTP’s biodiversity projects 
are as local as possible, as the Company believes that needs are best 
understood at the park level. 
Sustainability reporting
Setting and measuring ESG goals play an important role demonstrating
integrity. In 2022 CTP presented not only its first Sustainability Re-
port but also its first EU Taxonomy report, which shows how CTP’s 
sustainability ambitions are aligned with EU Taxonomy requirements. 
Generally accepted standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), 
EPRA sustainability Best Practices Recommendations, and the recom-
mendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) are integrated. 
CTP enhances its product offering by having ESG as an integral part 
of its parkmarker concept. CTP’s entrepreneurial, dynamic and agile 
culture combined with professional excellence helps to adopt new rules 
and create innovative solutions in a sustainably driven environment.
On behalf of the Sustainability Committee, I would like to thank 
you, our valued shareholders, customers and partners, for your trust 
and support. Our thanks also go to all employees and the management 
across the countries for their commitment and significant efforts. 
On behalf of the Sustainability Committee,
Susanne Eickermann-Riepe
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
76

Page 6:
ESG Committee
established
To improve the governance of ESG topics, 
including climate-related risks and opportu-
nities within the Group and to enhance the 
Board’s oversight, in 2022 CTP established 
the ESG Committee. The ESG Committee 
consists of non-Executive Directors and 
guests, including the Executive Directors 
and the Group Head of ESG. Committee 
meetings are held on a regular basis to 
ensure that ESG is an integral part of CTP’s 
strategy and that ESG and climate-related 
targets are followed up.
ESG strategy launch
In 2022, CTP took several steps to formalise 
and institutionalise its ESG strategy across 
the Group. CTP developed a four-pillar ap-
proach to systemise topics that the Com-
pany considers material. The “pillars” are: 
striving to be climate positive; embedding 
parks in communities; stimulating social im-
pact & well-being; and conducting business 
with integrity. These pillars capture focus 
areas and represent interlinked groups of 
activities. As CTP grows and evolves, so too 
does its ESG strategy. The Company ensures 
that it regularly updates its ESG strategy to 
focus on the most material topics and have 
the greatest possible impact. During the 
second half of 2022, as part of refining the 
Company’s ESG strategy, CTP conducted 
its first “Double Materiality Assessment” . 
Double materiality assessments evaluate the 
impact of the Company on ESG matters and 
the potential financial impact of ESG mat-
ters on Company performance. The outcome 
of the assessment has been used to adjust 
strategy and define relevant KPIs.
SUSTAINABLE
REAL ESTATE
SUSTAINABILITY
REPORTING
INNOVATIONCORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY
EU Taxonomy 
assessment
CTP’s 2022 Annual Report presented the 
Company’s first EU Taxonomy alignment.  
EU Taxonomy, among other disclosures, led 
to the development of internal Company pro-
cesses and policies for ESG data collection 
and management during 2022. Disclosure 
on EU Taxonomy and the introduction of its 
technical criteria into operations is another 
step to make CTP’s  operations more sus-
tainable. CTP’s sustainability ambitions are 
aligned with EU Taxonomy requirements.
Clubhaus
To support the Company’s efforts to embed 
its parks into the communities where it 
operates, CTP has introduced the Clubhaus 
mixed-use development concept to select 
park locations. As part of its park strategy, 
CTP develops common spaces that serve the 
employees of tenants and local communities. 
CTP’s Clubhaus offers space for meetings, 
educational activities, social gatherings, 
medical services, a cafeteria, convenience 
store and canteen as well as outdoor facil-
ities and can be used free of charge by the 
park community. The Clubhaus at CTPark 
Bucharest West, which opened in 2022, 
achieved BREEAM Outstanding certification.
Advanced renewable 
energy management system 
introduced in Amsterdam
In 2022 CTP introduced an advanced  
renewable energy production and manage-
ment system at CTPark Amsterdam City,  
a multi-story and multi-tenant 120,000 sqm 
development in the Western Docklands dis-
trict of Amsterdam. It is equipped with solar 
panels, wind turbines, EV charging points, 
and a dedicated energy management system.
1.3 Highlights 2022
Highlights 2022Sustainability Report 2022
Physical climate risk
In 2022 CTP conducted a physical climate 
risk assessment to verify acute and chronic 
physical climate risks. The tool makes use 
of nine different climate scenarios, from 
REMIND (1.5 °C) to the IPCC (5 °C), looking 
towards the year 2100 and analysing climate 
risks considered potentially material for the 
Company, which include coastal flooding, 
extreme heat, extreme cold, fluvial flooding, 
tropical cyclones, water stress and wildfires. 
Based on the outcome of the analysis, mate-
rial climate risks have been identified. Given 
the geographical distribution of its proper-
ties, the collective adaptation measures be-
ing implemented in the respective countries 
and the buildings’ robust design and con-
struction, CTP does not foresee any analysed 
climate risk that can significantly affect its 
financial performance in the near future.
Photovoltaics
During 2022, CTP increased its installed 
photovoltaic (“PV”) capacity from 6MWp to 
38MWp and established a dedicated energy 
function at the Group and country levels. 
The target for 2023 is to have at least an 
additional 100MWp installed.
98

Page 7:
This is the first stand-alone 
Sustainability Report in CTP’s 
history. The intent of developing 
this Report, separate from the 
Company’s Annual Report, is to 
present in detail CTP’s approach 
towards ESG. It consists of ambitions 
and targets, achievements, and 
reporting of FY-2022 data in line  
with financial reporting. 
1.5.1 BUSINESS MODEL
In line with its strategy, CTP targets to own and operate a pan-
European network of business parks with total gross leasable area 
(“GLA”) of 20 million sqm—nearly doubling its current portfolio of 
10.5 million sqm. CTP achieves its goals via its Parkmaker “wheel of 
growth” business model, which consists of two interconnected core 
business units—“the operator” and “the developer”—integrated with 
the Company’s new energy business, which generates renewable en-
ergy for its CTParks and clients.
The business units each have their own roles and objectives, lev-
eraging the Group’s capital sources and unique in-house capabilities 
while positively impacting each other: the operator, by owning and 
operating a property portfolio to enhance its value, generate cash 
flow, and maintain client relations; the developer, by generating in-
dustry leading Yield on Cost (YoC); and the energy business, by mon-
etising solar and potentially wind turbine capacity. This expansion 
into renewable energy is an integral part of CTP’s Parkmaker busi-
ness model and contributes to the Company’s income and ESG ob-
jectives, while also providing green energy and energy security to its 
clients, supporting their ESG goals in the process. 
1.4 1.5
This Report is published in June 2023 and information and data relat-
ed to sustainability and ESG will be published annually.
CTP’s Sustainability Report is structured in alignment with the 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards, EPRA sustainability Best 
Practices Recommendations, and the recommendations of the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Indexes for 
each framework can be found at the end of this Report.
The writing process was led by the Group Head of ESG with support 
from the ESG country teams. CTP’s Board of Directors, both Execu-
tive and Non-Executive, are actively engaged in the environmental, so-
cial, and governance topics of the Company, though in relation to this 
Report, their role is limited to overseeing and approving the reported
information, which includes material topics. Data presented in this 
Report is collected and managed based on internal policies. Environmen-
tal data went through limited assurance provided by Arcadis. Assurance 
letters can be provided upon request.
For further information, contact CTP’s ESG team: esg@ctp.eu.
Sustainability Report 2022 About This Report / Company Profile
About This Report Company Profile
2-6
2-5
1110
ORGANIC
GROWTH
C L I E N T
T E A M S
PA R K
M A N AG E M E N T
BUSINESS
CONTINUITY
S CA L I N G
S E RV I C E S
I N - H O U S EC O N ST R UCT I O N
PA R K
D E V E LO P M E N T
QUALITY
& MAINTENANCE
Yo C
P E R F O R M A N C E
SATISFIED
CLIENTS
STA K E H O L D E R
&  C O M M U N I T Y
C L I E N T- L E D
G R OW T H
VALUE CRE ATION
VALUECAPITALISATION
ESG & ENERGY INNOVATOR
FUTURE- PROO F PARKMAKERS
CLIENTS
SPACE

Page 8:
P O L A N D
C Z E C H I A
S L O V A K I A
H U N G A R Y
S E R B I A
B U L G A R I A
R O M A N I A
G  E  R  M  A  N  Y
A U S T R I A
N E T H E R L A N D S
F R A N C E
EYGPT
T U R K E Y
G R E E C E
ALBANIA
NORTH 
MACEDONIA
MONTENEGRO
C R O A T I A
S L O V E N I A
BOSNIA AND 
HERZEGOVINA
S W I T Z E R L A N D
I  T  A  L  Y
B E L G I U M
BASEL ZÜRICH
SARAJEVO
PODGORICA
TIRANA
SKOPJE
BRUSSELS
LUXEMBOURG
THESSALONIKI
ISTANBUL
LILLE
ANTWERP
LIÈGE
METZ        STRASBOURG
KÖLN
MANNHEIM
ZAGREBLJUBLJANA
TRIESTE
VENICE
BOLZANO
ŁÓDŹ
KRAKÓW  
ROTTERDAMROTTERDAMROTTERDAMROTTERDAMROTTERDAM
UTRECHT
KOŠICE
KATOWICE
WROCŁAW
POZNAŃ
OSTRAVA
BRNO
PLZEŇ
TIMIŞOARA
ARAD
DEBRECEN
ORADEA
TRNAVA
ŽILINA
GYŐR
GRAZ
LINZ
SALZBURG
INNSBRUCK
CLUJ
BRAŞOV
NOVI SAD
NIŠ
PLOVDIV
VARNA
BURGAS
CONSTANȚA
GDAŃSK
CRAIOVA
MUNICH
STUTTGART
NÜRNBERG
DRESDEN
LEIPZIG
FRANKFURT
DÜSSELDORF DORTMUND
BREMEN
HAMBURG
HANNOVER
SZCZECIN
ROSTOCK 
EINDHOVEN
AACHEN
BERLINAMSTERDAM
SOFIA
BRATISLAVA
VIENNA
BUDAPEST
BELGRADE
BUCHAREST
WARSAW
PRAGUE
CTPark /
Industrial location
KEY
CTHub/Urban Mixed Use
Major city
Capital city
Major ports
Sustainability Report 2022 Company Profile
CTP’s industrial and logistics portfolio—the CTPark 
Network—is the cornerstone of a resilient European 
supply chain. The CTPark Network is the largest  
integrated network of premium business parks  
in continental Europe, with over 200 locations, 
stretching from the North Sea to the Black Sea.  
The Company has grouped its areas of operation  
into three market categories, as described below.
  Core Markets
CTP’s Core Markets are the Czech Republic, Romania, Hungary, and Slovakia. CTP is the mar-
ket leader in these countries, and the majority of its portfolio is located in its Core Markets, 
including the Company’s largest parks—CTPark Bucharest West and CTPark Bucharest East 
in Romania, and CTPark Brno and CTPark Bor in the Czech Republic.
  Growth Markets
In recent years, CTP has diversified its portfolio and successfully executed its tenant-led 
expansion into the three new key Growth Markets of Serbia, Bulgaria, and Poland, where the 
Company plans to become a prominent player in the medium term.
  Western European Markets
CTP’s access to international capital markets has facilitated its market entry in Austria and 
the Netherlands, as well its strategic acquisition to enter Germany. These Western European 
Markets enable the Company to service its tenants from the North Sea to the Black Sea, along 
all main European transit routes, and to grow with them.
1.5.2 LANDSCAPE 2-1
1312

Page 9:
CTPark Bucharest West, Romania
1514

Page 10:
1.5.4 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
CTP takes an active approach towards stakeholder engagement. During an internal workshop, a list of rel-
evant stakeholders was created. Real estate management and development activities involve stable groups 
of stakeholders, which, due to their different natures, are managed in different ways. CTP seeks the most 
efficient and convenient methods to engage stakeholders in a meaningful way. It is important for CTP to 
make sure that all stakeholders are managed properly. This is part of the Company’s long-term business 
approach and commitment to corporate responsibility. Stakeholders and the applicable methods of engage-
ment are presented below. 
Sustainability Report 2022 Company Profile
Stakeholder group Group interest and purpose of engagement Method of engagement Frequency of engagement
SHAREHOLDERS, BONDHOLDERS Interest in current performance 
and outlook. Inform.
Reporting meetings/webinars, 
reports
Quarterly/annually
BANKS, OTHER FINANCING 
INSTITUTIONS
Interest in risk related to 
CTP’s operations and perfor-
mance. Inform.
Meetings, reporting On demand
RATING AGENCIES Interest in performance metrics. 
Inform.
Reports, web page disclosure,  
direct meetings, conferences 
Regular disclosure,  
on-demand meetings
TENANTS Leasing space, reliability of 
lesser. Inform, offer, manage 
cooperation.
Direct meetings Continuous, depending on needs
SUPPLIERS AND VENDORS Stable cooperation.  
Manage cooperation. 
Contractual agreements,  
in-person meetings
Continuous, depending on needs
LOCAL AUTHORITIES Sustainable development and  
economic growth of governed  
areas. Manage cooperation.
In-person meetings Continuous, depending on needs
LOCAL COMMUNITIES Development plans, impact on 
quality of living, potential new 
workplaces. Inform, engage.
In-person meetings Continuous, depending on needs
CONSTRUCTION SITE 
NEIGHBOURS
Interest in potential impacts, 
inconvenience related to  
construction site. Inform,  
address concerns.
information boards at sites, 
in-person
Depending on needs, 
EMPLOYEES Fair workplace practices,  
learning and development,  
performance. Manage cooperation. 
Inform.
In-person group meetings,  
country team meetings,  
one-to-one meetings
Continuous, depending on needs
NGOs, INDUSTRY BODIES Best practice sharing, support 
cause. Inform.
Membership, financial support, 
in-kind support, meetings,  
participation in events
Continuous, depending on needs
A similar change planned for 2023 is that the 
LCA (Life Cycle Assessment) and TCO (Total
Cost of Ownership) will be leading in the 
Group’s value chain. This means that long-
term impact will gain even more importance 
over short-term value, reflecting the Group’s 
commitment to reducing its lifetime carbon 
footprint.
CTP selects suppliers and providers with 
care and ensures that they all comply with 
Group policies, including the Supplier Code 
of Conduct, which is included in all contracts. 
CTP’s Supplier Code of Conduct also contains 
the process according to which suppliers, and 
therefore prospective suppliers, are reviewed. 
No screenings that took place in 2022, of cur-
rent and potential new suppliers, showed any 
issues that needed to be addressed nor any 
significant negative impact, either on the en-
vironment or on social criteria. 
Downstream
CTP offers high-quality, sustainable build-
ings to accommodate different types of op-
erations, from logistics to light manufactur-
ing. CTP creates space that is used by large 
multinational companies as well as mid- and 
small-sized local businesses. CTP has an 
impact on the operational performance of 
buildings to a limited extent. Efficient design 
and the selection of the appropriate building 
materials, equipment and solutions ensure 
a sustainable environment for tenant oper-
ations. Proper design and development are 
tools that tenants can use to conduct their 
operations in an efficient and sustainable 
way. CTP cooperates with tenants based on 
green lease clauses in lease agreements to 
ensure common efforts to reduce the con-
sumption of utilities as well as ensure the 
long-term use of buildings. 
CTP’s property management teams handle
the maintenance and optimisation of building
systems to ensure that they work optimally.
Additionally, CTP’s community managers 
organise social activities for tenant employ-
ees, which encourages tenants to operate 
sustainably. 
Upstream
CTP is cognisant of the influence it has on 
the value chain in which it operates. Because 
of the size of its existing portfolio and scope 
of on-going construction activities, the Com-
pany currently works with between 650 and 
700 suppliers, providers, and contractors 
within the areas in which it operates. CTP 
seeks to create long-term relationships with 
these companies and strives to positively in-
fluence its suppliers, providers, and contrac-
tors towards more sustainable operations. 
This helps to expand the ESG movement 
within the Group’s sector and limits the risks 
of depending on only a few main strategic 
suppliers and the potential for negative im-
pacts within the value chain.
In 2022, CTP sourced approximately 30% 
of its commodities at the trans-national level, 
whereas for contractors, this is the case for 
around 5% of total contracting in 2022.
Building materials and products commonly
used in all CTP projects are purchased in 
bulk and covered by framework agreements 
with major suppliers. The Company has also 
introduced a standardised set of require-
ments for orders above an established finan-
cial threshold—this covers all major orders. 
The Company applies its standard Terms and 
Conditions for all other orders. As a rule, the 
concept of “local, when possible, interna-
tional where needed” applies to the Group’s 
strategy.
Currently CTP’s value chain is defined 
based on national borders. During 2023, the 
Company plans to redefine its approach to 
“local providers/suppliers. ” As CTP operates 
across ten countries and frequently in border 
areas, it is sometimes more feasible for the 
Company to look for contractors or suppliers 
on the other side of the border from its de-
velopment projects. CTP recognises that, due 
to the size of its operations, it has the obli-
gation to distinguish between where it hires 
contractors and where it sources materials. 
By the end of 2023, these definitions and 
concepts will have been developed.
1.5.3 THE CTP VALUE CHAIN 2-6, 204-1, 308-1, 308-2, 412-3, 414 2-29
1716

Page 11:
Sustainability Report 2022
GRESB
CTP continuously seeks to improve its ESG credentials. As such, in 2022 
the Company did an internal trial run for the GRESB Assessment and is 
committed to participate and publish the results in 2023. Following the 
trial run, multiple actions have been taken to systemise CTP’s approach 
to ESG. The GRESB Real Estate Assessment is a global standard for 
ESG benchmarking and reporting for companies that invest directly in 
real estate. 
CTP developed its first Green Bond Framework in 2020. The frame-
work expresses CTP’s environmental ambitions and determines the 
eligibility criteria for the use of proceeds linking it with environmentally
sustainable properties. To date, CTP has issued green bonds total-
ling €4.25 billion. Green bonds are issued based on CTP’s Green Bond 
Framework. CTP’s Green Bond Framework is not related to the EU 
Taxonomy. Use of proceeds is reported annually in CTP’s Green Bond 
Report. 
1.5.5 SUSTAINABLE FINANCING
A higher score indicates better sustainability.
Figures subject to rounding.
67
ESG Profile 67
ESG Evaluation
52
Preparedness No Impact
Low Emerging Adequate Strong
9167
Best in class
Standard & Poor’s Global Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment
The S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (“CSA”) and 
ESG Evaluation are annual assessments of the sustainability practices 
of over 10,000 companies from around the world. The CSA focuses 
on sustainability criteria that are both industry-specific and finan-
cially material. CTP participated in S&P’s CSA assessment for the first
time in 2022 and obtained an evaluation result of 67, with no material 
impacts. 
Sustainalytics
In January 2023, CTP received an ESG Risk Rating of 10.2 and was as-
sessed by Morningstar Sustainalytics to be at Low Risk of experiencing 
material financial impacts from ESG factors. In no event shall these 
results be construed as investment advice or expert opinion as defined 
by the applicable legislation. 1  
1.5.6 CTP̛S ESG RATINGS
CTP is a member of multiple industry organisations. CTP’s engage-
ment is focused on the development of industry, the promotion of sus-
tainable activities, and the development of education and diversity. 
CTP’s engagements include but are not limited to:
EPRA
Promotes transparency among listed real estate companies.
Czech, Slovak Green Building Councils 
Promotes sustainable design and construction.
Change for Better
Promotes sustainable economic activity.
Czech Association of Developers
Promotes open dialogue and responsible role of develop-
ers in modern society.
APITSIAR (Association of Industrial, Technological, 
Scientific Parks and Business Incubators from Romania)
Promotes sustainable development of industrial, techno-
logical and scientific parks and business incubators.
Romanian Diversity Chamber
Promotes diveristy in business.
Moreover, CTP locally is part of multiple chambers of commerce and 
various associations for foreign investment. Five CTP employees are 
members of RICS (Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors). 
1.5.7 MEMBERSHIP ASSOCIATIONS
1 Copyright © 2023 Morningstar Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This 
section contains information developed by Sustainalytics (www.sustainalytics.
com). Such information and data are the property of Sustainalytics and/or its 
third party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational pur-
poses only. They do not constitute an endorsement of any product or project, nor 
an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate or 
suitable for a particular purpose. Their use is subject to conditions available 
at https://www.sustainalytics. com/legal-disclaimers
Allocation of net proceeds from green bonds
(in %)
Fig. 2
Severe
40+
Note: Updated Jan 17, 2023.
ESG Risk Rating
Neg.
0-10
Low
Risk
-0.9
Momentum
Low
10-20
Medium
20-30
High
30-40
10.2
Company Profile
2-28
Source: Green Bond Report 2022
Green asset pool / Net proceeds by country
(in %)
Fig. 1
Source: Green Bond Report 2022
Poland
1%
Serbia
1%
Romania
20% Czech
Republic
63%
Hungary
8%
Slovakia
6% Allocated
75.7%
Unallocated
24.3%
1918

Page 12:
3-1, 3-2
Double Materiality
Assessment
1.6
During Q3 and Q4 2022, CTP conducted  
a double materiality assessment.  
The goal of this process was to 
evaluate the impact of the Company 
on ESG matters and the potential 
financial impact of ESG matters on 
Company performance. The process was 
led by Dutch-based global consultancy 
Arcadis.
Understanding the context in which CTP operates is a key starting 
point for the double materiality assessment. Therefore, desktop re-
search was done to create a long list of sustainability topics potentially 
material to CTP. In this desktop research, the following aspects were 
considered:
• CTP’s current ESG priorities;
• Topics that are typically relevant given the industry in which the 
Company operates and the countries in which it has operations, with 
the following sources:
• sustainability disclosures of peer companies;
• external databases that provide information that is relevant in 
terms of understanding industry-specific outward and inward 
impacts, such as the SASB materiality finder and GRESB meth-
odology.
During workshops, the long list was presented and validated by CTP. 
During the same workshops, the list was narrowed down to topics that 
are the most relevant to CTP and its operations. Based on the final 
list, Arcadis designed a survey as well as an interview script to enable 
engagement with stakeholders and request their input.
During the above-mentioned workshops, potential stakeholder
groups in the context of the double materiality assessment were 
mapped and prioritised. As a result of these workshops, the following 
stakeholder groups were selected for further engagement:
• Executive leadership;
• Key employees;
• Key decision makers among large tenants.
Arcadis conducted a series of interviews and surveys with these stake-
holders during 2022, which were used to gather input on impact sig-
nificance and to validate the list of potential topics identified through 
earlier desktop reviews.
Figure 3 shows the impact CTP has on the different topics, as well 
as the impact these topics have on the Company, as double materiality 
requires.
In 2020, CTP formalised its ESG strategy based conceptually on 
four pillars, where the Company’s different ESG goals, targets, and 
measures are defined and constantly redefined. The topics that were 
found to be material to CTP during the 2022 double materiality assess-
ment have been aligned with these existing pillars. This has led to the 
expansion of one pillar and the narrowing down of others. In 2022, the 
pillar “Embedding Parks in Communities” contained no material topics. 
The Company sees a difference between the topics that are financially
material to its business and topics that it greatly cares about, of which 
serving the community is an example, and this can be found in the 
above-mentioned pillar.
Sustainability Report 2022 Double Materiality Assessment
Fig. 3 Materiality matrix
Impact of CTP̛s Business
Financial Impact of
CTP̛s Business
Waste generation
Waste management
Water management
Sustainable materials
Embodied GHG emissions
and carbon neutrality
Employee recruitment 
and development
Privacy protection & cyber 
security
Board oversight
Supply chain management
Climate adaptation and resilience
Sustainable design 
and certification
Diversity, equity and inclusion
Health, safety & well-being
Operational GHG emissions 
and carbon neutrality
Ethical business conduct Energy efficiency 
and renewable energy
Labour and human rights
Community involvement 
and corporate giving 
Ecosystem and biodiversity
4.75
4.25
3.75
3.25
2.75
2.75 3.25 3.75 4.25 4.75
The results of CTP̛s first double materiality 
assessment can be seen below, rated on a scale 
from 1 to 5.
The division of the material topics is as follows, as presented to the 
Board of Directors and the ESG Committee:
1.Energy, carbon emissions, and climate neutrality
A description of CTP’s actions can be found in “Striving 
to be Climate Positive” 
2.Sustainable design, supply-chain management, certifica-
tion, and climate adaptation
A description of CTP’s actions can be found in “Striving 
to be Climate Positive” 
3.Health and safety, Employees, and Diversity, Equity, 
and Inclusion
A description of CTP’s actions can be found in “Stimu-
lating Social Impact & Well-being”
4.Ethical business conduct, Board oversight and human 
rights
A description of CTP’s actions can be found in “Con-
ducting Business with Integrity” 
2120

Page 13:
Sustainability Report 2022 Double Materiality Assessment
ENERGY 
& CLIMATE 
NEUTRALITY
SUSTAINABLE 
DESIGN, SUPPLY 
CHAIN MANAGEMENT, 
CERTIFICATION, 
& CLIMATE 
ADAPTATION
EMPLOYEES, 
DIVERSITY, EQUITY, 
& INCLUSION
HEALTH 
& SAFETY
ETHICAL 
BUSINESS CONDUCT, 
BOARD OVERSIGHT 
& HUMAN 
RIGHTS
Fig. 4 Areas of ImpactClubhaus, CTPark Bor
2322

Page 14:
Sustainability Report 2022
2-12, 2-13, 2-14
ESG Oversight1.7
ESG is vertically integrated in  
CTP’s reported information, material 
topics and strategic decisions, 
which are overseen by the Board of 
Directors. In November 2022, CTP 
established its ESG Committee.  
The CFO supervises the work of 
the Group Head of ESG, who leads 
operational work. The ESG team works 
together with all CTP teams to ensure 
the implementation of the Company’s 
ESG ambitions and provides active 
support and regular follow-up.
The Board has overall responsibility for overseeing that risks, including 
climate-related risks and opportunities, are effectively and consist-
ently managed throughout the Group. The Board delegates the exe-
cution of the risk management process to the Chief Executive Officer. 
On the operational level, the management team defines implementa-
tion strategies and priorities with respect to Group-wide environmen-
tal targets. The respective country manager, supported by the Group 
Head of ESG, is responsible for ensuring that Company targets are 
met on both existing assets and new developments.
The Group Head of ESG has Group-wide responsibility related to 
sustainability in the Company’s building practices on a day-to-day ba-
sis and works with a network of representatives across the business 
with the sustainable certification teams, which support CTP’s sustain-
ability objectives by sharing best practices and providing legislative 
and technical guidance for their respective areas of the business.  
Oversees all Committees and 
nominates the ESG Committee
Reports to the ESG Committee, 
leads the ESG team at the Group 
level, is responsible for the 
creation of Group-level policies 
and procedures, and gives direc-
tion to the Company’s ESG path.
Oversight for everything ESG
Board of 
Directors
ESG Committee
Country
Teams
Group Head
of ESG
Create local goals and targets 
and to achieve these goals.
ESG Oversight
Fig. 5 ESG Accountability Structure
2524

Page 15:
Because ESG is such a broad term, 
to efficiently act in line with its 
principles, a systematic approach 
is required. CTP has developed a 
four-pillar approach to systemise 
those ESG topics that are material 
to the Company.
Sustainability Report 2022 ESG Strategy
2. ESG Strategy
CTP APPROACH:
1 Striving to Be Climate Positive
2. Embedding Parks in Communities
3. Stimulating Social Impact & Well-being
4. Conducting Business with Integrity
2726

Page 16:
CTPark Amsterdam City
2928

Page 17:
Striving to Be Climate PositiveSustainability Report 2022
2.1 Striving to Be Climate Positive
CTP’s targets for Striving to be Climate Positive
Category Targets Baseline
YE 2026 YE 2022
Share of renewable electric energy 
of CTP’s and tenants’ electric 
energy mix
80% 24%
Share of GLA covered by leases 
containing a green lease clause
50% 19%
MWp of installed PV capacity 400 38
Share of parks with biodiversity 
efforts introduced /installed
80% Starting point
Average embodied carbon  
footprint reduction (kgCO2e/m2)*
10% Starting point
Average operational carbon  
footprint reduction (kgCO2e/m2)*
20% 33.12
Water intensity (use, utilisation) 
reduced (m3/m2)
15% 0.17 (based on 
availability  
for 7,279,377 m2)
Taxonomy alignment of construction 
and ownership of properties  
(lowest of all KPIs)
60% 4.8%
Selective waste collection  
development activities  
(share of projects)
80% Starting point
Share of car fleet EV 25% Starting point
In its 2022 double materiality assessment, CTP verified that the im-
pacts it has on climate-related issues are considered material. This 
includes topics such as energy efficiency, renewable energy, opera-
tional and embedded greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and climate 
adaptation and resilience. This relates to the sector—real estate—in 
which the Group operates. According to the European Union the built-
up environment is responsible for about 35% of total GHG emissions. 2
“Striving to be Climate Positive” is set up to tackle these longer-term 
negative impacts.
Over the last two years, CTP has worked hard to set up ESG ac-
counting. The Company’s approach is to cover three areas in a way 
that makes it manageable:
1. corporate operations; 
2. the Company’s parks and landlord-controlled consumption;
3. tenant-controlled consumption within the portfolio.
CTP is entirely responsible and accountable for its corporate opera-
tions, as the Company has control over the choices made in these op-
erations. This also applies to the parks that the Company operates, 
beyond tenant premises at its parks. CTP takes responsibility for the 
operation and management of the common infrastructure at its parks.
The third aspect, tenant consumption within the portfolio, is man-
aged by the Company’s tenants. 
2.1.1 ENERGY AND EMISSIONS
Goals
In 2023, CTP plans to start the process of bringing its goals in line with 
the Science Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”) through certification 
under this methodology. It is considered to use FY2022 as the base-
line year. CTP is committed to carbon neutrality in line with the Paris 
Agreement and believes that using the SBTi methodology will improve 
the specificity of meeting this target.
Similarly, CTP is investigating the alignment of each of its assets 
with the CRREM (Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor) Pathway. This will 
enable the Company to address and mitigate climate-related transi-
tion risks, as the CRREM Pathway provides a roadmap to manage and 
improve the portfolio in time.
Quantitative data, which can be found in Section 3.1.1, is collected 
bi-annually and compared to data of the previous year.
The real estate sector is responsible for around 40% of energy use 
in the European Union. 3 CTP recognises its role and places a premium 
on the increased energy and water efficiency of its assets, both during 
development and operation. 
Over the last years, CTP has increased the quantity of renewa-
ble energy consumption as a percentage of total consumption at the 
corporate level, park level, and for the portfolio. Among other initia-
tives, over the last years the Company has been installing LED lighting 
throughout the existing portfolio and has introduced control systems 
for lighting. Work is underway on a remote metering system for energy 
consumption. 
CTP’s ambition is to become climate 
positive covering all its activities, 
from corporate operations to 
development and asset management 
activities. This means that CTP, 
through the actions and decisions 
it takes, seeks to have a positive 
effect on the environment, which 
includes the climate.
Energy
Energy efficiency and consumption are important aspects of CTP’ build-
ings’ operations. This is shown in the 2022 double materiality assess-
ment, which indicates energy efficiency and renewable energy as ma-
terial topics. It is therefore a high priority for the Company to decrease 
energy consumption through increased efficiency. Over the last years, 
CTP has implemented several measures to increase efficiency, such as 
the introduction of LED lighting and energy management systems in 
its buildings. This will be further developed to cover a greater share of 
the portfolio and to introduce other solutions, such as more efficient 
heating and cooling systems.
CTP demonstrates the energy efficiency of its buildings through 
the Energy Performance Certificates (EPC) that each building has 
obtained, as required under European legislation. More than 65% of 
CTP’s buildings have an EPC of C or higher. This number would be higher,
as approximately 15% of EPCs do not have classifications (Germany, 
Poland). 
Approximately 20% of buildings do not currently have a certifi-
cate. This includes buildings that are currently under construction or 
that have recently been finished and buildings that are planned to be 
redeveloped or go through major refurbishment. CTP is developing 
a strategy of portfolio improvement that includes increasing energy 
efficiency and the utilisation of renewable energy sources.
Renewable energy, in particular solar energy, is a key part of CTP’s 
strategy to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases. Over the last 
years, the Company has been working to promote renewable energy in 
two ways.
The most important is that all assets are built solar-ready. Since 
2012, the roofs of CTP’s buildings have sufficient load-bearing capacity 
for the installation of solar panels. CTP installed its first photovoltaic 
(“PV”) systems in the Czech Republic. In 2022, PV systems were added 
in Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, and the Netherlands. CTP plans to in-
stall rooftop PV systems in all of its countries of operations. In 2022, 
CTP increased its installed PV capacity from 6MWp to 38MWp. By the 
end of 2023, the target is to install an additional 100MWp of capacity, 
and by the end of 2026 this should be increased to 400MWp. To be able 
to achieve these objectives, CTP is creating a dedicated team of energy 
managers at the Group and country levels. As a result of its own solar 
installations, in 2022 CTP produced 5,228.8MWh of energy and gener-
ated more than €4 million in solar-related income.
The second of the two paths is to increase the volume of renewa-
ble energy purchasing. CTP ensures that consumed energy is coming 
from renewable energy sources by purchasing renewable energy when 
its own-produced renewable energy is unavailable. CTP has control over 
a large portion of its energy contracts, even at the asset level, and the 
Company will increase the percentage of renewables used in its energy 
mix. 
More detailed information can be found in Section 3.1.1 of this Report.
3-3
* Subject to adjustment to be in line 
with the Science Based Target Initiative.
2 Energy performance of buildings 
directive (europa.eu)
3 Energy performance of buildings 
directive (europa.eu)
3130

Page 18:
Fig. 9 Market-based GHG emissions 
(in tCO2e)
Scope 3
Scope 1
FugitiveEmissions
Scope 2
Scope 1
Fuels
180,000
160,000
140,000
120,000
100,000
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
0
Fig. 8 Location-based GHG emissions 
(in tCO2e)
Total solar energy 
produced in 2022
5,229 MWh
Scope 3
Scope 1
FugitiveEmissions
Scope 2
Scope 1
Fuels
250,000
200,000
150,000
100,000
50,000
0
Scope 1  Fuels  Car fuel, aeroplane fuel, natural gas used in  
corporate offices and landlord-operated areas 
within the portfolio.
Fugitive emissions Emissions related to leakage of refrigerants  
in CTP's porfolio.
Scope 2  Electricity and district heating used by CTP in offices, parks, and 
landlord-controlled parts of portfolio buildings.
Scope 3  Category 6 (Business travel) 
Category 13 (Downstream Leased Assets – tenant energy use)
Carbon emissions in ScopesFig. 7
Scope 2
2%
Scope 1
Fuels
1%
Scope 3
83%
Scope 1
Fugitive
Emissions
14%
Scope 2
2%
Scope 1
Fuels
2%
Scope 3
78%
Scope 1
Fugitive
Emissions
18%
Emissions
CTP is a large player in Europe’s industrial and logistics real estate sec-
tor and acknowledges that it has a significant carbon footprint to con-
tend with, especially under Scope 3. The double materiality assessment 
carried out in 2022 demonstrates the need for action in this area, which 
is underway. 
Buildings operated by CTP also have emissions in Scope 1 and 2 
through fugitive emissions and landlord-controlled energy uses. These 
are the areas where CTP has operational control and is able to reduce 
emissions to progress towards climate neutrality.
In 2021 and 2022, CTP took the initiative to create initial insight into 
the extent of its emissions in all three Scopes, and in 2023 it will look at 
more concrete actions it can take to limit and reduce this impact. Goals 
have been set, and during the first half of 2023, CTP will translate these 
into concrete actions to be taken within the portfolio and its corporate 
operations.
Although not material, CTP has great responsibility for the embod-
ied carbon in its portfolio, considering the extent of its development 
activities and planned future developments. CTP also plans to develop
targeted actions during 2023 to reduce its embodied emissions by 
tackling these issues in the supply chain.
In 2022, CTP introduced an advanced renewable energy and produc-
tion and management system at CTPark Amsterdam City, a multi-story 
and multi-tenant 120,000 sqm development in the Western Docklands 
district of Amsterdam. The park is equipped with approximately 6MWp 
of solar energy generating capacity and ten wind turbines to supply re-
newable energy to meet tenant needs as well as to serve over 200 EV 
charging points for cars, vans and trucks. A dedicated energy manage-
ment system optimises energy production, storage and consumption. 
This is an important step for CTP to gain practical experience for the 
development of self-sufficient buildings and parks in the future. 
More detailed information can be found in Section 3.1.1 of this Report.
Sustainability Report 2022
Fig. 6 Solar capacity 
(MWp)
2020 2021 2022 2023(F) 2026(F)
6.4 6.4
140
400
200
150
100
50
0
400
38
Striving to Be Climate Positive 3332

Page 19:
CTP’s assets are land intensive, and just a small share consume signif-
icant amounts of water, mostly due to the amount of water consumed 
by tenants. As such, CTP views water from two perspectives.
The first is related to the reduction of the use of drinking water. 
This applies to the Group’s corporate activities and its parks, includ-
ing individual assets. Naturally, the Company has limited influence on 
water consumption beyond the equipment that it, as the builder and 
property maintainer, installs at its assets. CTP always selects the most 
water-efficient designs to enable less drinking water consumption dur-
ing the lifetime of the asset. For its new construction activities, this 
also includes alignment with the EU Taxonomy requirements related to 
water.
The second perspective is related to supporting the natural water 
cycle. A built-up area is by its nature non-permeable, which means 
CTP must mitigate the impact its activities have on the water cycle. 
CTP sees various ways of doing so, which in turn can also assist in cli-
mate-related risks to water. In several of its projects, mainly in Romania,
the Company has started installing grey water reuse systems. CTP 
plans to roll out more of these systems over the coming years, though it 
has yet to formulate official targets for this programme.
The natural water cycle requires keeping in mind climate-related 
risks that affect water, including water stress. CTP has reviewed the 
portion of the portfolio built in areas with high water stress and has 
concluded that this risk is limited in the scope of its entire portfolio, 
with around 20% of buildings located in areas with at least high risk, 
based on the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. 4
Keeping this in mind, CTP also looks at the installation of systems 
that retain and use rainwater on site. The Company sees different pos-
sibilities for using this rainwater, including for restrooms as well as for 
potential irrigation options for green areas. This is in an effort to both 
reduce water stress and combat potential droughts in the areas where 
the systems are installed. 
More detailed information can be found in Section 3.1.2 of this Report.
4 Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas, World 
Resources Institute (wri.org)
2.1.2 WATER (3-3), 303-1, 303-2 Fig. 10 How the grey water system works 
Sustainability Report 2022
Proper waste management is an important topic. Based on 2020 Euro-
stat data, in the EU approximately 40% of waste is recycled while around
30% is landfilled.
CTP in its business activities approaches the topic of waste manage-
ment in three dimensions.
Corporate operations generate a small amount of municipal waste. 
To make sure waste that is leaving CTP’s offices can be recycled, the 
Company uses selective waste collection systems in line with local 
waste management systems. In addition, the Company’s internal policy 
is to use as many materials as possible that can be recycled. 
At the Company’s assets, it is usually the tenants who are respon-
sible for and control their own waste management. CTP designs its 
parks in such a way that tenants have sufficient space to introduce 
a system that allows selective waste collection.
The last dimension covers construction activities. At the construc-
tion stage CTP has introduced BREEAM New Construction require-
ments for all developments. At the same time, the Company is taking 
steps to align its construction activities with EU Taxonomy criteria on 
pollution prevention and the circular economy.
2.1.3 WASTE 3-3), 306-1, 306-2
16 2
345
7
Grey water 
storage tank
Roof of
buildings
Grey water 
treatment
Sewage
pipe
Rain / Snow
Treated water 
storage tank
8
Toilet Bath and shower Washbasin
Rain water
storage tank
Clean water
Grey water
Striving to Be Climate Positive 3534

Page 20:
2.1.4 CLIMATE CHANGE
Climate change is one of the reasons that CTP continues to work hard 
to improve its systems, policies, and reporting in the realm of ESG. 
Beyond that, CTP’s build-to-own business model requires a long-term 
approach to properties, and climate change is undoubtably related 
to this long-term approach. Buildings designed and developed today 
must meet not only today’s requirements but the requirements of the 
future as well. Building requirements are therefore regularly updated 
with climate and ESG in mind and to ensure that they reflect the most 
up-to-date climate knowledge. To improve environmental and energy 
management, CTP has introduced ISO 14001 and 50001 standards in 
the Czech Republic, Romania, and Slovakia.
As a key part of its efforts, and as part of overall risk manage-
ment, in 2022 CTP conducted its first physical climate risk assess-
ment to evaluate the exposure of its properties to acute and chronic 
climate-related risks using a third-party climate modelling tool. In this 
assessment the Company used different Representative Concentra-
tion Pathway (“RPC”) models made available by the Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change (“IPCC”) looking at items such as but not lim-
ited to coastal flooding, extreme heat, and water stress. The assess-
ment shows that even under RCP 8.5, the most severe climate scenar-
io, the (financial) risks identified to CTP are relatively limited and will 
be explained later in this section. The outcome of this assessment was 
used to analyse the climate vulnerability of Group properties and to 
assess physical and non-physical adaptation solutions in line with EU 
Taxonomy requirements.
The climate-related risks identified as potentially the most im-
pactful to CTP are coastal flooding and sea-level rise. These risks are 
short-, mid-, and long-term, as even the least-severe models show 
sea-level increases to such an extent that, in particular, the Company’s
Dutch portfolio could be below sea level. This is also the case for 
a limited number of assets at the German Wadden Sea coast. In the 
event of a broken dike or an extreme storm, there could be an impact 
on the Company’s assets. However, due to the policies and measures 
put into place, mainly by the Dutch government, CTP believes that this 
risk is not so much climate related as it is related to the willingness and 
capabilities of the Dutch and German governments to maintain and 
improve the infrastructure created to keep the foundations dry. More-
over, most of CTP’s Dutch assets are far enough inland that multiple 
failures must occur for them to be affected.
Water stress—or water scarcity—is of concern in parts of Germany,
Romania, and Bulgaria. Already areas of these countries have high wa-
ter stress, and this is expected to increase over time as the weather 
is projected to become more extreme and less reliable. CTP does not 
consider this to be a direct risk to its operations.
An important impact will be the increasing strictness of building re-
quirements. Based on European legislation, member states are putting 
requirements in place related to NZEB (nearly zero-emission buildings), 
and it is likely that water-related requirements will become more strin-
gent as well. For CTP, this is not an issue. Though the initial invest-
ment is higher, through the lens of Life Cycle Costing, CTP believes that 
these requirements are also beneficial for its tenants and that they will 
have reduced energy and water consumption due to these investments.
To ensure that its buildings are fit for purpose and meet the require-
ment of its clients for the long term, CTP has integrated adaptation 
and mitigation into its standard design, at both the building and park 
level. With the potential for a changing climate across Europe, the 
Company ensures that aspects such as energy efficiency, water man-
agement, and flexibility are incorporated in its design briefs. The long-
term investment horizon justifies the costs related to these aspects.
T ransition risks of the standing assets are analysed using the CRREM
tool. The outcome of this assessment will be integrated into refurbish-
ment strategies. This mitigates climate-related transition risks and is 
also a key part of the Company’s climate targets. 
For new construction, CTP see less transition risk, as the Company 
constructs in line with the most stringent regulations, which in most 
European countries is NZEB. The rooftops of all new buildings are de-
signed and built solar-ready, which greatly enhances the energy effi-
ciency of these assets. 
2.1.5 ENVIRONMENTAL
  VALUE CHAIN
In the 2022 double materiality assessment, CTP confirmed that sup-
ply-chain management is a material topic. The Company looks to develop
this topic over the course of 2023.
The main area of focus is materials used for construction. As new 
construction is a large part of CTP’s business, one might assume that 
this leads to large amounts of wasted materials that are not used with 
full efficiency. However, at CTP, this is not the case. Because of its 
in-house construction teams and the scale of its business, CTP can or-
der materials made to fit, greatly reducing material waste and further 
boosting the Company’s market-leading Yield on Cost of over 10% for 
new buildings.
Furthermore, the large scale of CTP’s operations enables the Com-
pany to use its influence in the market to promote high environmental 
standards for the materials that it uses. The Company’s annual needs 
can be significant enough for suppliers to switch to supplying more en-
vironmentally friendly materials or more efficient equipment. CTP also 
requires Environmental Product Declarations for some of the mate-
rials and products that it uses, and all suppliers must adhere to the 
Company’s Supplier Code of Conduct.
In 2023, CTP begin to develop the expansion of its Scope 3 climate 
targets to include upstream and downstream categories related to 
new construction. 
3-3, 201-2
Sustainability Report 2022
 Striving to Be Climate Positive
 3736

Page 21:
Sustainability Report 2022
Embedding Parks
in Communities
CTP develops parks and builds them 
to own and operate. This means that 
CTP is in communities for the long 
term, not just during the construction 
of its parks. Good cooperation with 
municipalities and local communities 
ensures possibilities to grow for CTP 
and its tenants. CTP’s local presence 
is not solely the provision of space 
for workplace creation. The Company 
conducts multiple activities related to 
infrastructure development as well as 
community support.
Despite the results of the 2022 double materiality analysis, where no 
material topics that would fall under this pillar were identified, in-
teraction with the communities in which the Company operates mat-
ters. Having a positive impact—be it through charities, collaboration 
with locals, or creating community spaces at its parks—is something 
that CTP has done since its inception and plans to continue. CTP is 
convinced that caring will have a greater impact than solely looking at 
the topics that have been identified as material. 
2.2
CTP’s targets for Embedding Parks in Communities
Category Targets Baseline
YE 2026 YE 2022
Community-engaging activities 20 annually Starting point
Top 50 CTParks verified  
whether feasible for access by 
public transport
100% Starting point
City locations are connected  
via bike lanes
80% Starting point
Parks offering charging facilities 100% Starting point
Embedding Parks in Communities 3938

Page 22:
2.2.1 PROVIDING COMMUNITY
  SPACE
CTP has also started installing electric vehicle (EV) chargers at differ-
ent parks. By 2026, all the Company’s parks should have access to EV 
charging facilities, with 178 chargers installed at 47 buildings in 2022.
As a company with strong Dutch roots, CTP values the bicycle as a mode
of transport and invests in two areas to promote bicycling to work: 
parking facilities for bikes, and the infrastructure to ride them. Cur-
rently, 35% of the Company’s assets have bike parking facilities, and 
the number of equipped buildings is increasing. By 2026, CTP has the 
goal to have 80% of its city locations connected via bike lanes. The 
Company also installs bike lanes at its parks, to ensure that its tenants’ 
employees who choose to go to work using this mode of transport can 
arrive safely. 
2.2.3 GREEN SPACES
When one thinks of industrial parks, biodiversity is not usually the first 
thing that comes to mind. CTP takes a positive approach and believes 
that green spaces and natural solutions are a good mix with its parks.
The focus of CTP’s biodiversity projects is as local as possible, as the 
Company believes that needs are best understood at the park level. For 
example, in the Czech Republic, the focus is on greenery, insect hotels, 
apiaries, and retention reservoirs. 
Another important investment, which CTP made in 2019, are the 
CTP Forests in Zlín and Mladá Boleslav in the Czech Republic, where 
the Company purchased a total of around 560 hectares of partially de-
graded forests. Over the last years, CTP has been working to restore 
these forests and to expand biodiversity. Part of the restoration work 
of these forests is through the planting of different kinds of saplings 
native to the region, and not only a single species. 
The most significant way to embed parks in communities is by creating 
space for the community and the activities that they wish to organise. 
This can be achieved in different ways; one example is the construction 
of football pitches at CTP’s parks.
One of CTP’s main efforts in this area is its community Clubhaus 
concept, which functions as the focal point of a CTPark, fostering 
deeper community relations. These are onsite multi-purpose buildings 
that offer space for restaurants, cafés, meeting rooms, and in some 
cases even medical offices, where the Company’s tenants and their em-
ployees can benefit from medical services. They sometimes also include 
outdoor sports areas and minimarkets. At CTPark Bor in the Czech 
Republic, CTP developed a stand-alone service centre, and later renamed
it /quotedblleft.ucClubhaus” in 2020. Since launch, CTP has refined the Clubhaus 
concept further at CTPark Bucharest West in Romania and CTPark 
Budapest West in Hungary and is currently developing another location 
at CTPark Warsaw West in Poland, with more planned at various parks 
around the CTPark Network based on client interest or park size.
In 2022, the Clubhaus at CTPark Bucharest West received a BREEAM
Outstanding rating.
2.2.2 ACCESSIBILITY AND 
  CLEAN MOBILITY
CTP chooses its development locations in such a way that they have 
a positive impact on reducing transportation and indirectly reducing 
emissions related to this transportation. This is inherently part of 
CTP’s main asset class—logistical hubs—which relates to longer-dis-
tance transportation. There are also the people who work at CTP’s 
parks. They require quality transportation options and accessibility 
beyond solely private cars. CTP works actively with local and regional
governmental agencies to create bus lines with access to its parks 
where feasible. The most advanced example of this is in Brno, where 
CTP operates its own bus lines to enable employees to access its parks 
without having to use private cars.
413-1
203-1
Sustainability Report 2022 Embedding Parks in Communities
CLUBHAUS CONCEPT
CTP developed the Clubhaus concept at its 
first park, CTPark Humpolec, in 1999, 
as part of the Company̛s HQ at the time, 
setting the groundwork for later rollout. 
In 2018, CTP built its first stand-alone 
service centre—renamed Clubhaus in  
2020—at CTPark Bor to provide a central 
community hub for this large park. Clubhaus 
at CTPark Bor includes meeting spaces,  
a heathly restaurant, a cafe, a doctor̛s 
office and shared offices. It is nicely 
landscaped and also serves as the centre of 
the surrounding exercise area and sports 
fields. CTP holds community events  
and meets both clients and the surrounding 
community for discussions and training 
sessions.
The Clubhaus at CTPark Bucharest West  
was certified BREEAM Outstanding in 2022,  
and a third Clubhaus was opened at CTPark 
Budapest West in mid-2022.
CTPark Budapest West
CTPark Bucharest West
CTPark Bor
CTPark Bor, 400-bed hostel.domeq 2 and 3, Ponāvka
AFFORDABLE HOUSING
At Ponāvka, CTP’s mixed-use 
development in Brno, the Company 
has developed three residential 
“domeq” buildings with a total 
of 311 rooms for students and 
young professionals. During 2022, 
CTP provided rooms to Ukrainian 
refugees at the domeq residences. 
At CTPark Bor, CTP has developed 
affordable housing totalling 800 
beds for seasonal workers and is 
currently working on a similar 
project near CTPark Bucharest West.
4140

Page 23:
Sustainability Report 2022 Embedding Parks in Communities
BIKE INFRASTRUCTURE 
CTP develops parks so that 
they are accessible and safe 
for bikers and pedestrians, 
developing bike paths off the 
main roads to provide employees 
and surrounding communities 
both safe passage to work and 
an exercise track. In addition, 
CTP installs bike racks and 
electric charging stations for 
bikes (and cars) to support 
clean transportation options 
for workers.
GREEN ENVIRONMENTS
All CTParks are designed with 
relaxing landscaping to create 
a pleasant work environment, 
improving both health and 
efficiency. Outside our parks, 
CTP owns 570 hectares of forest 
in the Czech Republic, where 
its employees planted a variety 
of 130,000 trees in 2022, 
improving the biodiversity 
of the area in addition to 
cleaning out garbage in 
both CTP's forest and areas 
surrounding our parks. CTP 
maintains the health of its 
green areas by ensuring  a 
wide array of biodiversity, 
including insect hotels and 
beehives at its parks.
Bike paths on a safe loop 
surrounding a roundabout, 
CTPark Ostrava.
CTPark Bucharest West
Charging stations, 
CTPark Ostrava.
Bike racks with safety locks.
4342

Page 24:
Sustainability Report 2022
Stimulating Social 
Impact & Well-being
CTP’s impact goes far beyond the 
parks and buildings that it creates. 
Both within the Company and in the 
communities where it operates, CTP 
is in constant contact with people 
and places a value on supporting 
their well-being. CTP actively helps 
people in the wider community in many 
different ways, including helping young 
people in their education, providing 
shelter and other types of assistance 
to Ukrainian refugees, and providing 
financial aid for palliative care.
2.3
CTP’s targets for Stimulating Social Impact & Well-being
Category Targets
Framework for employee satis-
faction monitoring in place
In place
Framework for clients satisfac-
tion monitoring in place
In place
Stimulating Social Impact & Well-being
COMMUNITY 
COLLABORATION
To encourage young entrepreneurs 
and educate them about various 
professions, CTP collaborates  
with local schools and universities 
and hosts field trips for students 
to our tenants facilities.
SUPPORTING REFUGEES 
FROM UKRAINE
In 2022 CTP supported the  
UNHCR with a €10 million 
donation to respond to  
the humanitarian emergency 
in Ukraine and neighbouring 
countries. In addition,  
CTP provided space in Hungary 
and Romania to support 
logistics for humanitarian  
aid and offered accommodation 
in the Czech Republic.
Tree plantingat a public space with the 
local administration of Hradec Králové 
in the Czech Republic.
Student tours at CTPark 
Buchareast West.
4544

Page 25:
CTP offers an energetic environment with an agile “hands-on” and 
“can-do” culture. The Company regularly organises Group-wide events. 
For example, in 2022 CTP hosted the Doksy Race in the Czech Republic,
in which 40 CTP colleagues participated. The Company offers sports 
club membership cards to its staff to participate in sports. It also 
organises internal annual events such as the CTGala, which takes place 
at the end of each year.
CTP also offers private medical care to its employees in some 
countries. 
Recruitment
CTP dedicates time and financial resources to attract, train, and de-
velop talented employees in the markets where it operates. CTP 
managers are actively engaged in the hiring process, even when external 
recruitment agencies are involved to support the process.
Over the last years, CTP has experienced significant growth in 
the number of assets it operates and in revenue. The number of its 
employees has also increased rapidly, from 379 FTE (full-time equiva-
lent) employees in 2020 to 553 FTEs in 2021 and 667 FTEs at year-end 
2022. In 2022 CTP hired 249 new colleagues. The Company hired 32 
FTEs through contractors. CTP is currently working hard on the crea-
tion of many different HR-related services. CTPs turnover rate in 2022 
was 18%. 
More detailed information can be found in Section 3.2.1 of this Report.
2.3.2 DEVELOPING 
  ITS PEOPLE
One of CTP’s priorities is to make sure that all employees can always 
perform at their best. The best way to do so is to offer continuous 
feedback, where performance is a part of regular conversations. Long-
term performance evaluations are conducted quarterly or annually, 
and KPIs are reviewed together with managers during feedback ses-
sions.
Turnover rate headcount
(in %)
Female
Male
Female
18.8% Male
17.7%
Under 30
30–50
50+
2022
30%
25%
20%
15%
10%
5%
0%
Fig. 13
Average FTEs*
400
300
200
100
0
Female
Male
Avg. FTE’s
700
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
156 168 169
189
227
291
176
190
236
343
324 345
379
463
634
FTE
Fig. 11 Average FTEs by country*
* The FTE numbers reported 
below differ from those 
reported on the previous 
page, which are based on GRI 
standards, where FTEs and 
contractors are separated.
CZ
RO
All Other Countries
SK
HU
NL
DE
700
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
324 345 379
463
634
Avg. FTE’s
Fig. 12CTP also actively encourages its employees to continuously develop 
themselves and to undergo training that assists them in the perfor-
mance of their duties. With this encouragement, the Company expects 
colleagues to actively look for and engage in training opportunities 
that, once assessed as beneficial, they can participate in. 
Such encouragement has led its employees to receive a total of 2,287 
hours of training, which leads to the following averages:
AVERAGE HOURS OF TRAINING RECEIVED
Male Female
Management 4 7
Staff 3 3
2.3.3 KEEPING PEOPLE 
  SAFE AND HEALTHY
The health and safety of its people matters to CTP, especially as the 
Company operates at a high pace and always needs its people at their 
best. Needs are addressed locally, and the focus is placed on general
health and physical well-being. Therefore, the Company supports, 
depending on location, sports clubs’ membership cards, private med-
ical services, sports classes, group participation events and Company 
gatherings.
Safety at the workplace is secured through risk identification and 
the training of CTP staff through online courses. CTP follows all lo-
cal, national, and international law and regulations and works hard and 
continuously with service providers to ensure that it knows where risks 
are and to mitigate them in time.
In 2022, CTP had no fatalities within its operations. Two cases 
of work-related injuries were recorded, and one case of recordable 
work-related ill health.
While through its building requirements and codes CTP looks to 
have a positive impact on the health and safety of those working in 
its buildings, the Company also realises its influence is limited beyond 
this scope. Therefore, the health and safety of people working at its 
buildings on a daily basis are first and foremost the responsibility of 
the tenants. 
Sustainability Report 2022
2.3.1 DYNAMIC EMPLOYER 3-3
3-3, 403-1, 403-2, 
403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 
403-6, 403-7, 403-9, 
403-10
401-1
3-3, 404-1, 404-2
Stimulating Social Impact & Well-being 4746

Page 26:
CTP has a long-standing tradition of caring for communities and world 
issues. The Company supports the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 
CTP promotes socially responsible behaviour throughout the countries 
in which it operates, where it supports a wide range of community-
based organisations mainly focused on children’s and adolescents’ 
development (e.g., training for professional skills, study grants and 
equipment support), social well-being and local infrastructure devel-
opment. The majority of such support is for long-term initiatives. 
CTP aims to be a good neighbour in each location where it conducts 
its business. 
All activities must follow CTP’s Code of Conduct and Group Anti-
Bribery and Corruption Policy. As it matters greatly to the Company, 
CTP staff are prohibited from making any political contributions on 
behalf of a CTP Group entity. 
As part of its on-going corporate citizen programme, at the begin-
ning of 2022, CTP offered housing to refugees from the war in Ukraine. 
In line with its principles and commitments, the Company supported 
refugees by providing significant financial support to the UN Refu-
gee Agency (UNHCR). CTP also provided vacant warehouse space for 
emergency supplies and residential and hotel accommodation within 
its portfolio and is prepared to do more as the situation develops.
Beyond these examples, CTP assists with both financial and in-kind 
support, through sponsorships or the use of Company accommoda-
tions. 
2.3.5 THE SOCIAL VALUE CHAIN
CTP has well-covered environmental requirements in its value chain. 
The first steps to cover social aspects in the value chain have also been 
taken. Governance and due diligence functions are already established 
within the Company. With the growth of the importance of this topic, 
CTP will continue developing a framework to manage the social aspect 
in the value chain. Considering the size of the supply chain in CTP’s 
operations and the size of the Company, CTP can and will use the in-
fluence it has to promote high-quality business standards, which in 
turn can potentially move suppliers and providers to switch to higher 
standards within their own value chains. In other words, CTP looks to 
be a force for good.
2.3.4 CTP AS A CORPORATE
  CITIZEN
415-1
Sustainability Report 2022 Stimulating Social Impact & Well-being
Annual CTP Doksy race, half-ironman 
competition, Czech Republic.
‘Let’s Do It’ forest cleaning,  
2.5 tonnes removed, Romania.
CPR lessons, Clubhaus, 
CTPark Bucharest West.
Cleaning garbage at and around 
CTPark Brno.
ESG Academy:  
an experiential learning 
program focussing on 
ESG topics in Slovakia.
Sport day: biannual event involving 
clients and their employees  
at CTPark Bor, Czech Republic.
Interactive educational games at Clubhaus, 
CTPark Bucharest West, Romania.
Forest planting and learning 
at CTP Forest in Zlín, Czech 
Republic.
COMMUNITY 
EVENTS
During 2022, CTP organised or sponsored 
more than 60 events focusing on deepening 
community relationships, educating, 
promoting a healthy lifestyle or improving 
the local environment.
4948

Page 27:
Conducting Business
with Integrity
It is part of CTP̛s ethos to be 
a long-term partner to its clients 
and other stakeholders. Treating 
clients and suppliers ethically is 
a key component that underpins  
a strong, trusting relationship.
2.4
CTP’s targets for Conducting Business with Integrity
Category Targets Baseline
YE 2026
Employees trained in Code of 
Conduct, anti-harassment policy 
each year
Recurring
annually
100%
Gender split no larger 
than 45-55%
Recurring
annually
On target
Conducting Business with IntegritySustainability Report 2022 5150

Page 28:
CTP strives to conduct business with integrity. The Company values 
and consistently works on building an ethical work environment. The 
tone for this is set at the top of the Company actively spreading the 
culture in which speaking up is promoted. This is partially done through 
the training of management on these topics. Also, top management 
gives its full support to the Group AML compliance officer through co-
operation across the Group.
CTP demonstrates its commitment to ethical business through its 
various policies related to the topic, such as, but not limited to its:
• Code of Conduct;
• Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy;
• Insider Trading Policy;
• Donations, Community Investment and Sponsorship Policy.
Further policies can be found on CTP’s corporate website [ctp.eu].
There is also continuous communication with the Board regarding 
issues that might come up, and where needed the Chairwoman of the 
Board is informed directly on critical issues.
To ensure that everyone is aware of the policies and procedures 
in place, CTP’s employees receive an annual hour-long training on all 
topics related to compliance. 
Due diligence 
and compliance
With a large organisation and an expanded value chain, managing risks 
becomes a challenge. Due diligence, both within the organisation and 
through its value chain, is of great importance to CTP.
T o this extent, in 2022, CTP assessed 217 real estate counterparties, 
which reflects 100% of transactions; 682 suppliers, including potential 
new suppliers; and 100% of the entities within the Group on topics such 
as risks to human rights, ethical behaviour, etc. Across these assess-
ments, no issues were discovered, neither within nor outside CTP.
CTP is currently involved in one court case, where to date no actions
have been taken against the Company. The opposing party has appealed,
and the case is pending. 
Employee categories
CTP has identified gender equality as a key value within the organisa-
tion. Over the last years, the Company has been able to maintain a gen-
der ratio close to 50:50 within the organisation below the Board level. 
At the Board level, two out of the six Board members are women.
With these numbers, CTP exceeds the objectives set within the 
organisation. Below the Board level, CTP aims to have each gender 
represent at least 45% of the total number of employees, either at 
least 45% women or at least 45% men. At the Board level, at least 
30% of members shall represent each gender. 
More detailed information can be found in Section 3.2.1 of this Report.
Compensation
CTP strives to provide correct and just compensation. For jobs at the 
lower end of the pay scale, the Company uses fixed salary structures 
that ensure that people are paid fairly and equally.
Position Times 
the median 
compensation
Times 
the average 
compensation
Remon Vos, CEO 5 17.2 7.5
Richard Wilkinson, CFO 37.3 16.4
CTP pays competitive salaries to attract strong candidates at all job 
levels. The Company never discriminates based on gender, and men and 
women are paid a comparable salary for similar positions, based on 
their experience and performance. However, in its markets there tend 
to be more qualified male than female candidates for certain senior
management positions, such as construction management, where 
performance-related bonuses are often part of remuneration pack-
ages. Likewise, in CTP’s markets, lower paid administrative positions 
tend to be filled by women more often than by men. For these reasons, 
when comparing averages of all female employees vs. all male employ-
ees, ignoring seniority, a gender pay gap exists, with female employees 
earning on average 68% of what male employees earn. CTP strives to 
ameliorate this situation by training and promoting women within the 
organisation to higher paid senior positions and by supporting educa-
tional initiatives that provide technical training to women and girls.
CTP prefers the personal approach. The Company advises its staff to 
go through supervisors, Human Resources, and the Group AML com-
pliance officer before taking more anonymous options. The process is 
set up in CTP’s Anti-Discrimination and Harassment Policy and the 
Group Grievance Investigation Procedure.
Beyond that, the Company has established the following mechanisms:
• by E-mail: compliance@ctp.eu;
• by phone: +420 607 287 287;
• an anonymous intranet grievance channel;
• the external independent platform FaceUp.
Beyond these grievance channels, CTP has a whistleblower policy in 
place. As for its grievance channels, the Company encourages em-
ployees to contact managers first. However, if for any reason this is 
not appropriate, the employee should raise their concern by using the 
whistleblowing channel. This channel can be anonymous if desired and 
offers all protection needed to the whistleblower. 
2.4.1 ETHICAL BUSINESS
  CONDUCT
2.4.2 INCLUSION & EQUAL
  OPPORTUNITIES
2.4.3 GRIEVANCE CHANNELS3-3, 2-16, 
2-24, 205-2, 
412-2, 3-3
2-7, 405-1 2-25, 2-26
2-27, 205-1, 205-3, 206-1, 
408-1, 409-1, 412-1, 414-1
2-21, 405-2 
GRI 2-7
Male
49%
Female
51%
Under 30
30–50
50+
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
Female
Male
Avg. number of employees / headcount
(in %)
Fig. 14
Sustainability Report 2022
5   The CEO does not receive com-
pensation beyond his annual salary.
Conducting Business with Integrity 5352

Page 29:
Total certifications by scheme
(in %)
Fig. 15 Fig. 16 
In Use
87%
New Construction
13%
100%
75%
50%
25%
0
Sqm certified
(in thousand sqm)
Outstanding
Very
Good
Excellent
Good
6,000
5,000
4,000
3,000
2,000
1,000
0
Sustainability Report 2022
Certfications
CTP has high ambitions for green building certification. It enables the 
Company to operate the best quality industrial and logistics ware-
houses in Europe. As a result, CTP certifies all new buildings to the 
BREEAM “Very Good” standard or better, incorporating industry-
leading technological and environmental specifications to ensure that 
they minimise their impact on the environment.
CTP is proud of its seven buildings that to date have received an 
“Outstanding” BREEAM rating—four under the New Construction 
category and four under the In Use category—with the Clubhaus at 
CTPark Bucharest West obtaining an “Outstanding” rating for both 
categories in 2022.
Figure 15 below shows the BREEAM certifications that CTP cur-
rently has. The portion of the portfolio that is not covered by BREEAM 
certification will be redeveloped in the coming years and therefore is 
not feasible to be certified. 
Alignment with EU Taxonomy means meeting multiple requirements 
that apply to Company governance, processes, specific project re-
quirements and detailed reporting.
CTP adapted the requirements stated in the Minimum Social Safe-
guard requirements, adjusting its policies and processes. Meeting 
these requirements is a prerequisite to consider any activity aligned. 
In 2022, CTP analysed economic activities against respective technical 
screening criteria. In terms of Substantial Contribution criteria, cli-
mate adaptation has been chosen for all activities. Alignment levels of 
46.4% for Turnover, 4.8% for CapEx and 13.7% for OpEx have been 
achieved.
CTP’s turnover comes mostly from managed properties. The share 
of properties that can ensure aligned turnover is a result of the quality 
of managed properties and the age and share of acquired buildings vs. 
self-developed. CTP-developed buildings are high quality and ensure 
high energy efficiency. To increase the share of aligned properties, 
among others, the further development of energy performance certif-
icates and further renovation activities are required.
CTP’s CapEx is mostly spent on the construction of new buildings 
and the acquisition of existing properties. To increase the share of 
aligned CapEx, detailed requirements for the construction of new 
buildings (Activity 7.1) require some adjustments to CTP’s building and 
construction process specification. As CTP already certifies buildings 
in the BREEAM scheme, required adjustments are small. For building 
acquisitions, technical due diligence will be developed to cover Taxon-
omy aspects to make sure conscious decisions in this field are made.
Aligned OpEx relates to aligned properties under management. 
These aligned properties however have a relatively low share of oper-
ation and maintenance cost, and therefore the reported aligned OpEx 
deviates from the aligned Turnover.
CTP issued green bonds that are not directly related to the EU 
Taxonomy. Presented KPIs are not adjusted.
Adjusted KPIs based on the assumption that a share of CTP’s as-
sets are financed with proceeds from green bonds can be found below. 
The adjustment has been calculated based on the assumption that the 
fair value of the portfolio equals €10,124,185, of which €3,961,350 is 
financed by green bonds. Non-adjusted KPIs have been multiplied by 
the share of the portfolio that is not financed by green bonds (60.9%). 
Adjusted KPIs are 28.3% for Turnover and 3.0% for CapEx.
The calculation methodology for the adjustment of KPIs can be 
found in CTP’s 2022 Annual Report 6 in Section 4.6, and detailed results
can be found the same document in Appendix 7.4.
Environmental Management System
Sustainable management of the Group’s portfolio is essential to ensure 
the best possible impact on the environment. In the Czech Republic, 
Romania and Slovakia, CTP has introduced ISO 140001 and ISO 50001 
standards to improve environmental and energy management.
EU Taxonomy
EU Taxonomy is intended to reorient capital flows towards a more 
sustainable economy. Article 8(2) of the Taxonomy Regulation requires 
non-financial undertakings to disclose information on the proportion 
of the turnover, capital expenditure and operating expenditure of their 
activities related to assets or processes associated with environmen-
tally sustainable economic activities. CTP discloses its eligibility and 
alignment in line with requirements.   
Category Turnover CapEx OpEx
Taxonomy eligible activities 100% 96.8% 81.4%
Taxonomy eligible 46.4% 4.8% 13.7%
and aligned activities
CTP conducted an analysis of its eligibility and alignment with the EU 
Taxonomy for the first time in 2022.
CTP’s core business operations are focused on the construction of 
buildings and the management of existing properties. Core operations 
are focused on economic activities that are considered eligible (Activ-
ities 7.1, 7.2, 7.6 and 7.7). These high-level eligibility results are for all 
KPIs (turnover: 100%, CapEx 96.8%, 81.4%). High values of eligibility 
are typical for real estate management and development companies.
2.4.5 GREEN LEASES
A large share of the impact of CTP’s activities takes place at the oper-
ational stage. To ensure that it joins efforts with its tenants, in 2022 
CTP began introducing green lease clauses to all lease agreements. 
Green lease clauses cover different ESG areas, including reporting and 
reduction of utilities consumption, sharing initiatives, and promoting 
renewable energy. At the end of 2022, green leases covered 19% of 
CTP’s owned gross leasable area.
2.4.6 TAXES
CTP places high importance on being compliant with tax regulations 
at all levels of government, and not only in the wording of these 
regulations, but with the spirit of these regulations as well. Due to the 
way CTP is structured, the Company does not qualify for Real Estate 
Investment Trust (REIT) regimes.
CTP has a publicly available Tax Policy, which was recently updated
and can be found on the Company’s website or download directly at 
https://www.ctp.eu/files/2022/11/CTP-Tax-policy.pdf.
2.4.4 CERTIFICATIONS AND
  EU TAXONOMY ALIGNMENT
207-1, 207-2, 207-3
6 https://www.ctp.eu/files/2023/03/
CTP-FY-2022-Annual-Report.pdf
Conducting Business with Integrity 5554

Page 30:
Sustainability Report 2022
CTPark Bucharest West
Nine buildings certified Very Good 
(average score: 58%).
Two buildings certified Excellent 
(average score: 71%). 
Certified Gross Lettable Area:  
660,951 sqm (excl. Clubhaus). 
Clubhaus achieved BREEAM Outstanding  
(New Construction) certification in  
late August 2022.
20% of energy used at the Clubhaus  
covered by rooftop solar system.
Clubhaus hosted 20 community events  
in its first 18 months.
ISO 50001 and ISO 14 001 certified.
CTPark Prague West
(Building CHR2)
One building certified as Outstanding 
(score: 90.6%). 
One building currently under 
certification, aiming for Outstanding.
Certified Gross Lettable Area: 5,626 sqm. 
2nd-highest BREEAM score for  
an industrial building in CZ.
Integrated BMS monitors and controls 
water and heating gas systems and 
subsystems to prevent leakage and waste.
Equipped with waterless urinals, and 
toilets and washbasins all equipped 
with flow control systems to lower 
consumption.
CTPark Prague East
Building NU3
BREEAM Certification: Outstanding 
(average score: 89.6%), certified 
Gross Lettable Area: 72,417 sqm.
Integrated BMS monitors and controls 
water and heating gas systems and 
subsystems to prevent leakage and waste.
Equipped with waterless urinals, and 
toilets and washbasins all equipped 
with flow control systems to lower 
consumption.
BMS monitors and measures consumption of 
the building for heating, cooling, DHW 
heating, interior lighting, ventilation, 
exterior lighting, decorative lighting 
and displays, small appliances pumps and 
fans.
All subleased premises have separate 
metering of energy consumption.
BREEAM CASE
STUDIES
Conducting Business with Integrity
 5756

Page 31:
Sustainability Report 2022 Sustainability in Numbers
3. Sustainability 
in Numbers
5958

Page 32:
3.1.1 ENERGY & 
  EMISSIONS
CTP reports on the following greenhouse gases: carbon dioxide (CO 2 ), 
methane (CH 4 ), nitrous oxide (N 2 O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), per-
fluorochemicals (PFCs), sulphur hexafluoride (SF 6 ), nitrogen trifluoride 
(NF 3 ), and refrigerant losses as part of the IPCC Reports for the three 
Scopes included in the GHG Protocol. CTP has calculated its emissions 
based on the different fuel, electricity, district heating, and refriger-
ant losses incurred during the reporting period. For the calculations, 
emissions from the power generation mix of the corresponding country, 
sourced from carbonfootprint.com and the latest available information 
available are applied, including from the UK’s Department for Environ-
ment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) and various national reports for 
district heating sources. All emissions are given in Metric Tonnes CO 2
Equivalents.
CTP acknowledges limitations in its ability to obtain data. A large 
portion of its portfolio is operated by tenants, and the company has 
not been able to obtain consumption data from all of them. The data 
coverage is as follows:
•Corporate offices: 95% of data, based on FTEs
• Company cars: 100% of data
• Company airplanes: 100% of data
• P ark data: 100% of data
• P ortfolio buildings: 75% of the gross floor area
302-1, 302-2, 302-3, 
302-4, 305-1, 305-2, 
305-3, 305-4, 305-5
Sustainability Report 2022 Environmental Indicators
Environmental
Indicators
In order to truly assess the 
impact of CTP̛s operations on the 
environment, it is crucial to a 
develop a detailed measurement 
system that thoroughly captures the 
Company̛s energy use and its impact. 
To this end, CTP developed a system 
to collect energy-related data based 
on supplier invoicing and meter 
readings. The ESG team compiled and 
consolidated the data at the annual 
and Group levels.
3.1
CARBON FOOTPRINT
Carbon Footprint 
(Greenhouse Gas Emissions)
Units Emissions
Scope 1 tCO 2 e 39,883.21
Scope 2 Location-based tCO 2 e 5,637.69
Scope 2 Market-based tCO 2 e 3,751.08
Scope 3 Location-based tCO 2 e 211,935.71
Scope 3 Market-based tCO 2 e 157,168.22
ENERGY AND EMISSIONS WITHIN THE ORGANISATION 
(CORPORATE OPERATIONS)
Category Units 2022 2021 7
Scope 1
Corporate natural gas tCO 2 e  91  50 
MWh  498  270 
Car fuel (diesel and petrol) tCO 2 e  908 2,295 8
L  348,971  92,890 
Jet fuel tCO 2 e  2,345 
L  921,517  664,770 
Scope 2
Electricity and district 
heating
tCO 2 e  289  11 
MWh  711  289 
Of which renewable MWh  21  248 
ENERGY AND EMISSIONS WITHIN THE ORGANISATION 
(CTPARKS AND CTP-OPERATED AREAS IN THE PORTFOLIO)
Category Units 2022 
Scope 1
Parks natural gas tCO 2 e  187 
MWh  1,023 
Natural gas in CTP-controlled 
areas of buildings
tCO 2 e  170 
MWh  928 
Refrigerants tCO 2 e  36,182 
kg  345,581 
Scope 2
Parks electricity and district heating tCO 2 e  1,763 
MWh  4,733 
Of which renewable MWh  550 
Electricity and district heating in 
CTP-controlled areas of buildings
tCO 2 e  3,586 
MWh  9,677 
Of which purchased renewable MWh  165 
ENERGY AND EMISSIONS OUTSIDE THE ORGANISATION
Category Units 2022 
Scope 3
Category 6: Business travel tCO 2 e 76.21
Hotel stays Nights 1,624.00
Travel Km 220,935.00
Category 13: Downstream Leased Assets tCO 2 e 211,935.71
MWh 615,302.00
Of which purchased renewables MWh 91,298.53
Of which CTP Solar MWh 3,106.26
CTP SOLAR ENERGY PRODUCTION
Category Units 2022 2021
Installed capacity MWp 38.0 6.4
Solar energy produced MWh  5,229 5,592
Of which exported 
to the grid
MWh  2,015 Data not 
collected 
Of which used by 
CTP or tenants
MWh  3,106 Data not 
collected
INTENSITIES
For corporate operations CTP has decided to use FTE (full-time equiva-
lent) as the denominator. The data includes all energy types used at the 
offices in use by the Company. CTP believes that, based on FTEs, 95% 
of its corporate consumption is included.
F or energy consumption in the portfolio, CTP chose to make use of 
square metres. There are two calculations: the first one does not in-
clude refrigerant losses; the second figure includes these. CTP believes 
that, based on square metre surface area, 74.56% of its surface area is 
included.
Category Units 2022 
Corporate operations kWh/FTE 1,899 9
CO 2 e/FTE 6,076 10
Portfolio energy kWh/m 2 82
CO 2 e/m 2 28
Portfolio energy and refrigerant losses CO 2 e/m 2 33
7 In 2021, data was collected 
for the four Core Market countries:  
the Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia,  
and Hungary.
8 In 2021, the CO2e emissions for car 
and jet fuel were calculated together.
9 This figure includes energy 
consumption at CTP’s offices divided 
by 598 average FTEs.
10 This figure includes GHG emis-
sions from corporate offices,  
corporate vehicles, and corporate 
jets divided by 598 average FTEs.
6160

Page 33:
Water-related data was collected through an internally created sys-
tem based on supplier invoicing and meter readings. The ESG team 
compiled and consolidated the data at the annual and Group levels. All 
water withdrawn is freshwater.
All data has been collected by CTP through supplier invoicing and/
or meter readings and is given in cubic metres. Data coverage is as 
follows:
• Corporate offices: 85% of data, based on FTEs
• Parks: 100% data
• Portfolio: 71% of the gross floor area
WATER WITHDRAWAL CORPORATE OPERATIONS
Water withdrawal All areas Areas with 
water stress
Third-party (Municipal water) 2,100 Unknown
Unknown 2,723 Unknown
Totals 4,823 Unknown
WASTE GENERATED AND DISPOSAL ROUTE IN CORPORATE OPERATIONS (METRIC TONS)
Landfill Incineration Reuse Waste to 
Energy
Recycling Other/
unknown
Totals 77.09 1.75 0.00 2.80 10.69 0.00
WASTE GENERATED AND DISPOSAL ROUTE IN THE PORTFOLIO (METRIC TONS)
Landfill Incineration Reuse Waste to 
Energy
Recycling Other/
unknown
Totals 5,964.94 207.80 1,173.82 1,840.90 3,900.02 2,665.27
WATER WITHDRAWAL CTPARKS
Water withdrawal All areas Areas 
with water
stress
Third-party (Municipal water) 8,652 0
Groundwater 6,576 6,576
Unknown 18,282 0
Totals 33,510 6,576
WATER WITHDRAWAL IN PORTFOLIO
Water withdrawal All areas Areas
with water 
stress
Third-party (Municipal water) 929,612 112,324
Groundwater 191,037 92,905
Unknown 55,431 3,385
Totals 1,185,082 208,523
3.1.2 WATER AND EFFLUENTS
3.1.3 WASTE
Sustainability Report 2022
303-3
306-3, 306-4, 306-5
3.2.1 EMPLOYMENT NUMBERS,
  TURNOVER, NEW HIRES,
  ETC.
Employment numbers
The employment-related data shared in the tables below have been 
calculated based on FTEs and are the numbers as at the end of the 
reporting period, i.e., 31 December 2022.
2-7, 401-1, 
405-1
Social Indicators
CTP recognises that its employees are 
its strongest asset, as they represent 
the Company at all stages of the client 
journey. CTP thus places a premium on 
hiring people whose outlook aligns  
with the Group̛s corporate culture and 
values.
3.2
Social Indicators 6362

Page 34:
NEW HIRES AND NEW HIRE RATE
Gender 2022 2021
Absolute
numbers
Rate Absolute
numbers
Rate
External 
new hires
Internal
new hires
External 
new hires
Internal 
new hires
Male 135.52 28.00 42.45 0.09 Categorised 
data was not 
collected 
in 2021
Categorised 
data was not 
collected 
in 2021
Female 113.28 20.00 40.07 0.07
Age
<30 51.56 3.00 52.94 0.03
30-50 174.43 33.00 42.08 0.08
50> 22.82 12.00 25.32 0.13
Total 248.80 48.00 41.33 0.08 222
External hire rate formula: External hires/Average FTE*100
Internal Hire Rate formula: Internal hires/Average FTE
TURNOVER RATE
Gender 2022 2021
Absolute
numbers
Rate Absolute
numbers
Rate
Dismissals Voluntary
leaves
Dismissals Voluntary
leaves
Male 8.19 30.50 12.12% Categorised 
data was not 
collected 
in 2021
Categorised 
data was not 
collected 
in 2021
Categorised 
data was not 
collected 
in 2021
Female 39.29 30.95 24.85%
Age
<30 0.00 20.80 21.36%
30-50 27.02 38.14 15.72%
50> 20.46 2.51 25.50%
Total 47.48 61.46 18.10% 23 82 19%
The turnover rate in this table differs from the rate reported in the Annual Report. This is due to a difference in the calculation method. In this 
Report, CTP uses the average number of employees calculated as (1 January+31 December)/2.
3.2.2 DIVERSITY & EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
DIVERSITY OF GOVERNANCE BODIES AND EMPLOYEES
Category Under 30 30-50 Over 50 %
Board of Directors
Female 0 0 2 33
Male 0 1 3 67
Sustainability Report 2022
405-1
Social Indicators
EMPLOYMENT NUMBERS BY COUNTRIES
Country Employees Permanent Temporary Full-time Part-time
Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female
Austria  7  1  7  1  -     -     7  -     -     1 
Under 30 years old  3  1  3  1  -     -     3  -     -     1 
30-50 years old  3  -     3  -     -     -     3  -     -     -    
Over 50 years old  1  -     1  -     -     -     1  -     -     -    
Bulgaria  10  6  10  6  -     -     10  6  -     -    
Under 30  -     1  -     1  -     -     -     1  -     -    
30-50  7  5  7  5  -     -     7  5  -     -    
Over 50  3  -     3  -     -     -     3  -     -     -    
Czech Republic  151  154  144  132  7  20  149  140  2  14 
Under 30  12  43  8  27  4  16  11  42  1  1 
30-50  115  90  114  90  1  -     114  80  1  10 
Over 50  24  20  22  16  2  4  24  18  -     2 
Germany  14  8  14  8  -     -     14  5  -     2 
Under 30  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
30-50  11  5  11  5  -     -     11  2  -     2 
Over 50  3  3  3  3  -     -     3  3  -     -    
Hungary  41  28  24  19  17  9  41  26 -     2 
Under 30  4  4  2  2  2  2  4  4  -     -    
30-50  31  23  19  16  12  7  31  21  -     2 
Over 50  6  1  3  1  3 -     6  1  -     -    
The Netherlands (including N.V.)  7  4  7  4  -     -     7  3  -     1 
Under 30  -     1  -     2  -     -     -     1  -     -    
30-50  6  1  6  1 -     -     6  1  -     -    
Over 50  1  1  1  1 -     -     1  -     -     1 
Poland  24  31  24  31 -     -     24  31  -     -    
Under 30  2  9  2  9  -     -     2  9  -     -    
30-50  22  21  22  21  -     -     22  21  -     -    
Over 50  -     1  -     1  -     -     -     1  -     -    
Romania  53  50  34  32  19  18  53  50 -     -    
Under 30  9  12  5  5  4  7  9  12  -     -    
30-50  40  35  26  24  14  11  40  35 -     -    
Over 50  4  3  3  3  1  -     4  3  -     -    
Serbia  14  9  9  6  5  3  14  9  -     -    
Under 30  1  -     1  -     -     -     1  -     -     -    
30-50  12  9  8  6  4  3  12  9  -     -    
Over 50  1 -     -     -     1  -     1  -     -     -    
Slovakia  40  18  32  12  8  6  40  17 -     1 
Under 30  7  5  4  3  3  2  7  4  -     1 
30-50  22  11  18  6  4  5  22  10 -     1 
Over 50  11  3  10  3  1  -     11  3  -     -    
Total  361  306  305  250  56  56  359  287  2  18 
Under 30  38  76  25  50  13  27  37  74  1  2 
30-50  269  199  234  173  35  26  268  184  1  14 
Over 50  54  32  46  28  8  4  54  29 -     3 
6564

Page 35:
CTPark Bor
6766

Page 36:
Sustainability Report 2022
4. Notes
Notes / Framework Alignment
RESTATEMENT OF INFORMATION 2-4
In CTP’s 2021 Annual Report, ESG-related data was shared 
in Appendix D, based on EPRA Sustainability Performance 
Measures. An error was discovered in the data  
in the “Environment” table. GHG-Dir-Abs should only  
cover Scope 1 emissions. In the report, the quantity  
of 2,345 Mt CO2e that was mentioned includes Scope 2  
– corporate operations.
A second error was discovered in the “Social” table. 
The Lost Day Rate of 2.6% does not represent the Lost 
Day Rate, it represents the Absentee Rate for 2021.
5. Framework Alignment
6968

Page 37:
Framework Alignment
GRI Content Index
CTP N.V. has reported in accordance with the  
GRI Standards for the period 1 January 2022 to  
31 December 2022.
Sustainability Report 2022
GRI INDEX
GRI Standard Location Comments / 
Other references 
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
1. The organisation and its reporting practices
2-1 Organisational details Pages 12 & 75, Annual Report: 
3.4 Group-Level insights
2-2 Entities included in the organisation’s sustainability reporting Annual Report: 
Chapter 7 Appendix (group chart)
2-3 Reporting period, frequency, and contact point Page 75
2-4 Restatement of information Page 68
2-5 External assurance Page 10
2. Activities and workers
2-6 Activities, value chain, and other business relationships Page 11, 16, Annual Report: 
1.1 Business description; model 
and strategy
2-7 Employees Pages 52, 53, 63
3. Governance
2-9 Governance structure and composition Annual Report: 
5.1.1 CTP’s governance structure/
5.1.3 Appointment and composition of 
the Board
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Annual Report: 
5.1.3 Appointment and composition of 
the Board
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Annual Report: 
5.1.3 Appointment and composition of 
the Board
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts Page 24
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Page 24
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting Page 24
2-15 Conflicts of interest Annual Report: 
5.1.3 Appointment and composition of 
the Board 
2-16 Communication of critical concerns Page 52
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Annual Report:  
5.1.3 Director’s Competency Table
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body Annual Report 
5.1.8 Board meetings
2-19 Remuneration policies 5.1.6 CTP N.V. 2022 Remuneration 
Report
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 5.1.6 CTP N.V. 2022 Remuneration 
Report
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Page 52
4. Strategy, policies, and practices
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Page 4
2-23 Policy commitments CTP’s governance policies can be found 
on its website, ctp.eu.
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Page 52
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Page 53
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Page 53
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Page 52
2-28 Membership associations Page 19
5. Stakeholder engagement
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Page 17
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements CTP has no employees covered by 
collective bargaining agreements.
GRI Standard Location Comments/Other references 
MATERIAL TOPICS
3-1 Process to determine material topics Page 20, 21
3-2 List of material topics Page 20
GRI MATERIAL TOPIC STANDARDS
201: Economic performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Annual Report: 
3.2 Operational Performance
201-2 Financial implication and other risks and opportunities due to climate change Page 36
202: Market presence 2016
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from local community Data not available.
203: Indirect economic impact 2016
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported Page 40
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts Data not available.
204: Procurement practices - 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on local providers Page 16
205: Anti-corruption - 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Page 52
205-2 Communication and training about anticorruption policies and procedures Page 52
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Page 52
206: Anti-competitive behaviour - 2016
206-1 Legal actions for anticompetitive behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly practices Page 52
207: Tax - 2019
207-1 Approach to tax Page 55
207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management Page 55
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax Page 55
207-4 Country-by-country reporting CTP has not met the threshold 
for CbC reporting.
301: Materials - 2016
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume Data not available.
301-2 Recycled input materials used Data not available.
301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials Data not available.
302: Energy - 2016
3-3 Management of material topics Page 31
302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation Page 61
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation Page 61
302-3 Energy intensity Page 61
303: Water and effluents - 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Page 34
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impact Page 34
303-3 Water withdrawal Page 62
GRI 305: Emissions – 2016
3-3 Management of material topics Page 31
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Page 61
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Page 61
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Page 61
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Page 61
306: Waste - 2020 
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts Page 34
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Page 34
306-3 Waste generated Page 62
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Page 62
306-5 Waste directed to disposal Page 62
308: Supplier environmental assessment – 2016
7170

Page 38:
Sustainability Report 2022 Framework Alignment
GRI Standard Location Comments/Other references 
308-1 New suppliers/providers that were screened using environmental criteria Page 16
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Page 16
401: Employment - 2016
3-3 Management of Material Topics Page 46
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Pages 46, 63
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided 
to temporary or part-time employees
Full-time and part-time employees 
receive the same benefits.
403: Occupational health and safety - 2018
3-3 Management of material topics Page 46
403-1 Occupational health and safety system Page 46
403-2 Hazard Identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Page 46
403-3 Occupational health services Page 46
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health 
and safety
Page 46
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Page 46
403-6 Promotion of worker health Page 46
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly 
linked by business relationships
Page 46
403-8 Worker covered by an occupational health and safety management system Page 46
403-9 Work-related injuries Page 46
403-10 Work-related ill health Page 46
404: Training and education - 2016 
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Page 46
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Page 46
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews
Data not available.
405: Diversity and equal opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Pages 52, 63, 65
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Page 52 CTP was not able to collect data by 
employee category or significant location 
of operation, i.e., the national level as 
defined by national borders.
406: Non-discrimination – 2016 
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken No incidents were reported.
412: Human rights assessment - 2016 
412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact assessments Page 52
412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures Page 52
412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights 
clauses or that underwent human rights screening
Page 16
413: Local communities - 2016 
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, 
and development programs
Page 40
414: Supplier social assessment - 2016 
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Page 52
415: Public policy - 2016 
415-1 Political contributions CTP’s Code of Conduct does not permit 
political contributions to be made.
418: Customer privacy - 2016 
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and 
losses of data 
CTP did not identify any issues, also 
during cybersecurity tests, nor was such 
a breach announced to the Company.
EPRA Performance measure Definition Page
EPRA Sustainability Performance Measures - Environment 
Elec-Abs Total amount of electricity consumed. This includes electricity from renewable and non-renewable sources, 
whether imported or generated on site.
Page 61
DH&C-Abs Total amount of indirect energy consumed from district heating or cooling systems. In this instance, ‘indirect’ 
means energy generated off-site and typically bought from an external energy supplier.
Page 61
Fuels-Abs Total amount of fuel used from direct (renewable and non-renewable) sources (‘direct’ meaning that the fuel is 
combusted on-site).
Page 61
Energy-Int Consumption of direct and indirect energy normalised by an appropriate denominator. Page 61
GHG-Dir-Abs (Scope 1) Total amount of direct greenhouse gas emissions generated (‘direct’ meaning that GHG emissions are 
generated on site through combustion of the energy source/ fuel). This calculation includes use of natural gas 
in offices, car fuel, as well as jet fuel.
Page 61
GHG-Indir-Abs (Scope 2) Total amount of indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated (‘indirect’ meaning that GHG emissions are 
generated off-site during combustion of the energy source).
Page 61
GHG-Int Emissions of direct and indirect GHGs normalised by an appropriate denominator Page 61
Water-Abs Total amount of water consumed within the corporate offices over the full reporting year. Page 62
Waste-Abs The total amount of waste produced and disposed of. Page 62
Cert-Tot Total number of assets that have formally obtained sustainability certification, rating, or labelling at the end 
of the reporting year.
Pages 30, 54
EPRA Sustainability Performance Measures - Social
Diversity-Emp The percentage of male and female employees in the organisation’s governance bodies and other significant 
employee categories.
Page 64
Diversity-Pay Ratio of the basic salary and/or remuneration of women to men. Page 52
Emp-Training The average number of hours employees have undertaken. Page 46
Emp-Turnover The total number and rate of new employee hires and employee turnover. Page 65
EPRA Sustainability Performance Measures - Governance
Gov-Board The composition of the highest governance body. Annual Report: 
5.1.1 CTP’s 
governance 
structure/5.1.3 
Appointment 
and composition 
of the Board
Gov-Select The nomination and selection process for the highest governance body and its members, and the criteria used 
to guide the nomination and selection process.
Annual Report:
5.1.3 
Appointment 
and composition 
of the Board
Gov-CoI The processes for the highest governance body to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and managed. Annual 
Report: 5.1.3 
Appointment 
and composition 
of the Board
EPRA
7372

Page 39:
Glossary Legal
Notice
BREEAM
Building Research Environmental 
Assessment Method
CRREM Pathway
Climate Risk Real Estate Monitor
Science Based Targets initiative
The Science Based Targets initia-
tive (SBTi) drives ambitious climate 
action in the private sector by enabling 
organisations to set science-based 
emissions reduction targets. The  
SBTi is a partnership between the  
CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure 
Project), the United Nations Global 
Compact, World Resources Institute 
(WRI) and the World Wide Fund  
for Nature (WWF).
EU Taxonomy
The EU Taxonomy is a classification 
system establishing a list of 
environmentally sustainable 
economic activities.
EPRA Sustainability Best Practices 
Recommendations Guidelines
EPRA sBPR Guidelines provide a con-
sistent way of measuring sustainability 
performance in the same way that 
BPR for financial reporting have made 
the financial statements of listed real 
estate companies in Europe clearer 
and more comparable.
CTP N.V. is a publicly owned company registered  
at the following address:
Apollolaan 151
1077 AR Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Provides guidance on how to communi-
cate impacts on issues such as climate 
change, human rights, and corruption. 
It is the most widely adopted standard 
on ESG reporting and helps CTP  
to provide its stakeholders with  
a sustainability report that communi-
cates relevant topics to them.
ESG
Environmental, Social, and Corporate 
Governance; an evaluation of 
an organisation’s collective 
conscientiousness for social and 
environmental factors.
Green Bond Framework
The Group’s framework developed 
according to the Green Bond Principles 
2018, administrated by the Interna-
tional Capital Market Association.
Local & Significant locations of 
operation
The national level as defined by  
national borders
2-1, 2-3
Theme Recommendations Page
Governance
Disclose the organisation’s governance around climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
A. Describe the Board’s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities Page 24-25
B. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate- related 
risks and opportunities.
Page 24-25
Strategy
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related 
risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning where such information is 
material.
A. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium, and long-term.
Page 36
B. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the 
organisation’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
Page 36
C. Describe the resilience of the organisation’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate related scenarios, including a 2˚C or 
lower scenario.
Page 36
Risk management
Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses, and 
manages climate-related risks.
A. Describe the organisation’s process for identifying and assessing 
climate-related risks
Page 36
B. Describe the organisation’s process for managing climate-related risks. Page 36
C. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing 
climate- related risks are integrated into the organisation’s overall risk 
management.
Page 36
Metrics and targets
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage 
relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such 
information is material.
A. Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate related 
risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management 
process
Page 30
B. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions and the related risks.
Page 61
C. Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
Pages 30, 31
TCFD INDEX
Sustainability Report 2022 Glossary / Legal Notice 7574

Page 40:
inside cover
Follow Us
linkedin.com/company/CTP-invest
twitter.com/CTPInvest
facebook.com/CTPparkmakers
instagram.com/CTPparkmakers
youtube.com/CTPeu
#byctp
ctp.eu

Page 41:
CTP N.V.
Apollolaan 151 
1077 AR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
ctp.eu


