Page 1:
TOASTING LIFE TOGETHER
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
as of 31 december 2023
2023

Page 2:
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
as of 31 december 2023


Page 3:
INDEX
Chairman’s letter
Note on methodology
 Materiality analysis
CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
 About us
 Our world
 Our story
 The Spiritheque
 Campari Group: a history of entrepreneurship
 Campari Group worldwide
 Macro-economic scenario and growth strategy
 Our brands
  Global priorities
  Regional priorities
  Local priorities
 Our Master Distillers and Master Blenders
 The governance model
GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
 Sustainability governance and policies
 Risk management and internal control system
8
10 
18
20
22
25
32
34
36
38
44 
 
 
62
68
76
81
84


Page 4:
01. OUR PEOPLE
 1.1 A global community of Camparistas
 1.2 The Camparista Experience
 1.3 Diversity, equity and inclusion
 1.4 Capability Building and People Development
 1.5 Remuneration system
 1.6  Camparistas’ involvement with the environment, 
well-being and social activities
 1.7 Industrial relations
 1.8 Health and safety in the workplace
02. RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES
 2.1 Responsible sourcing
 2.2 Quality and food safety of brands
 2.3 Global Strategy on Responsible Drinking
  Responsible communication
  Information to consumers
  Responsible serving
  Responsible consumption: communication and promotional initiatives
  Low and no alcohol
 2.4 Brand building and innovation
03. ENVIRONMENT
 3.1 Management of resources and environmental impact
  Net Zero Journey
  Energy efficiency and Scope 1&2 GHG emissions
  Scope 3 GHG emissions
  Water management
  Waste management
 3.2 EU Taxonomy
04. COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
 4.1 Art and culture
  Campari Gallery
  Promotion of the cultural heritage
  Cinzano Archive
  Campari and the cinema
  Campari Soda and the design
 4.2 Support to local communities
 4.3 The Foundations
  Fondazione Campari
  J. Wray&Nephew Foundation
  Campari Foundation Mexico
 4.4 Creating value for stakeholders
  Economic value generated and distributed by Campari Group
  Tax transparency
 4.5 Campari Group stakeholders
CAMPARI GROUP AND THE SUSTAINABLE  
DEVELOPMENT GOALS
APPENDIX
 GRI Content Index
 Independent auditor’s report
96
98
100
104
118
126
132 
137
138
144
146
147
148
159
160
162 
 
 
 
 
179
192
195
202
210
216
222
224
230
232
246

Page 5:
INDEX >
Chairman’s 
lett E r
‘Building 
more  
value 
together’
LUCA GARAVOGLIA
Dear Stakeholders,
In a year in which we wished to see the world’s attention 
to sustainability redoubled, it has rather been diverted, as 
growing global tensions and conflicts have intensified, ma-
king the geopolitical situation, if possible, even more com-
plex. However, despite the uncertainty of our times, the 
Group’s commitment to a better and more sustainable future 
has not weakened, but rather intensified.
Sustainability represents the perfect example of how a chal-
lenge, if accepted, can turn into an opportunity. Therefore, 
following the very positive progress that the Group made in 
2022 in respect of our environmental commitments, not only 
we have set even more challenging medium and long-term 
environmental targets (especially in the emissions and water 
use areas), but we have also finalised the launch of a new ‘su-
stainability-linked’ loan, consistent with the sustainable finance 
journey started in 2021 with the first share buyback program lin-
ked to sustainability initiatives within our energy efficiency and 
decarbonisation agenda. Clearly, we do not want to stop here; 
in fact, the inclusion of sustainability indicators in the planning 
of our investments is increasingly recurrent, a clear sign of the 
direction in which we intend to continue our journey.
For Campari Group, attention to the world in which we live 
also translates into the promotion of responsible practices 
which benefit our consumers and local communities. As 
mentioned at the last Group Convention, value generation 
for us is not only a business driver, but also a way of thinking 
that is transformed into an everyday modus operandi. Hen-
ce, for 2024, we have already planned a new global cam-
paign on responsible drinking which will continue to be ac-
companied by all those specific initiatives involving our local 
communities, starting from AdAstra Project that is ready for 
a new challenging chapter and that will be cascaded down 
in further projects aimed at training the new generations of 
professionals in the bartending industry.
In an ever-changing society, such as ours, we cannot think 
of building more value without at the same time committing 
ourselves to greater equity: hence, at the global level, we 
continue with our efforts to ensure gender equality, focusing 
our attention on equal pay and support for employees who 
become parents. To address wage equity and ensure effecti-
ve equal opportunities, one of the main platforms for analy-
sing equity in the workplace has been adopted. Similarly, the 
new comprehensive policy on parental leave will introduce a 
minimum standard for caregivers in all types of families, not 
just the traditional ones.
In the years to come, there are certainly many important and 
new challenges ahead of us, in the face of which I am sure 
we will stand ready and will be able to effectively respond 
in the natural way that we stand out and at which we are 
best at: TOGETHER.
98
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202388 CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023

Page 6:
INDEX >
NotE on 
methodology
This Sustainability Report represents the complete Campari 
Group’s disclosure of non-financial information to illustrate to 
our stakeholders the Campari Group’s sustainability strategy 
and main initiatives in 2023. This disclosure contains non-fi-
nancial information about environmental, social and employ-
ment matters, as well as respect for human rights, anti-cor -
ruption and bribery issues, to the extent necessary to ensure 
the Group’s business, performance, results and impacts are 
understood. The Group’s strategies, policies, main impacts, 
risks and the related management approach for each of 
these issues are also described based on the principle of 
materiality. A non-financial statement is also included in the 
Annual Report, which is an extract from this document that 
highlights the most relevant information of the year and the 
Group’s more general approach to sustainability.
The Sustainability report is drawn up every financial year and 
presented to the Board of Directors of Davide Campari-Mila-
no N.V. on 27 February 2024, which is also responsible for ap-
proving the Sustainability Disclosure published in the Cam-
pari Group’s Annual Report at 31 December 2023, addressing 
the requirements of the Dutch Civil Code, and of the Dutch 
Decree on Non-Financial Information (‘Besluit bekendma-
king niet-financiële informatie’), which is a transposition of 
Directive 2014/95/EU ‘Disclosure of non-financial and diver-
sity information’ into Dutch law. The Dutch Statutory Auditor 
Ernst&Young Accountants, LLP verifies the disclosure of the 
Non-Financial Statement according to legal requirements, 
while Ernst&Young S.p.A. verifies, through a limited assuran-
ce engagement in accordance with International Standard on 
Assurance Engagements (‘ISAE’) 3000 Revised, the Sustaina-
bility Report’s compliance with the Global Reporting Initiative 
(‘GRI’) Standards, the global standards for sustainability re-
porting. Quantitative indicators that do not relate to any ge-
neral or topic-specific disclosures of the GRI Standards, whi-
ch are reported in correspondence to the pages indicated in 
the Content Index, are not subject to limited Assurance by EY 
S.p.A., with the exception of what is reported in correspon-
dence to the Topic Customer and Consumer Satisfaction.
The materiality analysis started in 2017 and was revised in sub-
sequent years. Particulalry, in 2021, a review of the materiality 
analysis implemented with the Officers and the Corporate Ban-
king, Tax and Insurance function, led us to identify ‘Tax transpa-
rency’ as a material topic included in the broader theme ‘Direct 
economic value generated and distributed to stakeholders. In 
2022 the materiality assessment was revised following the new 
provisions of the GRI 3: Material Topics 2021. More information 
can be found in the ‘Materiality’ paragraph below.
The Campari Group’s Sustainability report and Non-Financial 
Statement were prepared in accordance with the GRI Su-
stainability Reporting Standards, the sustainability reporting 
framework set by the GRI, establishing the most advanced 
standards for sustainability reporting, the most widely used 
worldwide. As in previous years, in addition to the key per -
formance indicators set in the GRI Sustainability Reporting 
Standards and the sustainability aspects covered by the sta-
tutory reporting requirements, Campari Group also reports 
certain additional qualitative and quantitative indicators that 
are particularly relevant for a multinational company ope-
rating in the spirits sector (i.e., responsible marketing and 
serving, and communication practices), in accordance with 
the materiality principle.
With regard to the financial data, the scope of the reporting 
corresponds to that of the Campari Group’s consolidated 
financial statements.
With regard to the non-financial information, the scope of 
the reporting encompasses the data of all Campari Group 
companies consolidated on a line-by-line basis for the pe-
riod from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, excluding 
the information related to two subsidiaries: (i) Licorera Ancho 
Reyes y CIA S.A.P.I. de C.V., and (ii) Casa Montelobos S.A.P.I. 
de C.V.. This is because the scope of the acquisition includes 
the company’s intellectual property and related inventories, 
not the production and bottling facilities that are leased to 
third parties, whilst agave, the main raw material to produ-
ce Montelobos mezcal brand, is sourced through third-party 
agreements with major local growers to secure constant sup-
ply. In a similar vein, agreements pertaining to joint-ventures 
and affiliated companies, along with any business acquisi-
tions within the financial consolidation area during the year, 
are excluded from the consolidation scope.
The data relating to previous years is reported for compa-
rative purposes to allow performance to be assessed on a 
multi-annual basis.
Data collection and monitoring are managed through the 
1110
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023

Page 7:
INDEX >
Group’s sustainability platform (Enablon) and include all in-
formation related to headcounts (in the chapter ‘Our peo-
ple’) and the main environmental Key Performance Indicators 
(‘KPIs’) (in the chapter ‘The environment’).
With regard to ‘The environment’ chapter, the environmen-
tal data, including data relating to energy consumption and 
emissions, does not include consumption at offices.
Enablon was initially adopted by the Quality, Health, Safety 
and Environment function in 2016, and was then extended in 
2017 to all business units involved in sustainability reporting, 
notably Marketing, Legal, Human Resources and Public Affairs. 
Data collection is undertaken locally and double-checked at 
country and regional levels. Additional sample checks are 
carried out by the Group’s heads of functions and by Internal 
Audit (‘IA’) to ensure maximum data consistency. The adop-
tion of the platform makes it possible to monitor the Group’s 
performance more effectively and establish internal targets 
for overall improvement in the medium and long term.
The Campari Group’s Sustainability reports are available on 
the Group’s website at: www.camparigroup.com, in the ‘Su-
stainability’ section.
THE ROADMAP TO CSRD
Starting with the 2024 Sustainability Disclosure that will be publi-
shed in 2025, Campari Group will be subject to the application 
of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (‘CSRD’)-
2022/2464/EU, which entered into force in January 2023. The 
Directive mandates that all European Union-listed companies 
employing more than 500 individuals must adopt the new re-
porting standards, replacing the requirements introduced by 
the Non-Financial Reporting Directive (‘NFRD’) in 2014.
The main novelties introduced by the CSRD will concern the 
application of the ‘Double Materiality’ principle, which will 
consider both the impact and financial dimensions, and the 
shift to a forward-looking perspective, which will require the 
reporting of scenario analysis and prospective plans in ad-
dition to retrospective information.
According to the CSRD, the Group will apply the new Europe -
an Sustainability Reporting Standards (‘ESRS’) in place of the 
so far used GRI Standards and the perimeter of the reporting 
will be extended to include the Group’s whole value chain.
Furthermore, following the entry into force of the Taxonomy 
Environment Delegated Act (‘TEDA’) in January 2024, the ta -
xonomy will be fully implemented for the same disclosure 
period stated above, with eligibility and alignment disclosure 
of the Group’s activities in relation to all six environmental 
objectives prescribed by the Act. The disclosure of this Ta-
xonomy will be subject to the mandatory limited audit as-
surance for the reported information in 2025 on 2024 data.
Campari Group has already started to embrace these changes. 
A gap analysis is being conducted regarding what is already 
monitored in comparison with the new requirements defined by 
the ESRS, with the objective of closing the main gaps in 2024.
The Group is already working on its double materiality 
analysis. Indeed, the primary impacts have been discerned 
following the ESRS, engaging key internal stakeholders as-
sociated with ESG aspects. The findings are currently under 
examination for publication in the 2024 disclosure.
With regard to the application of the European taxonomy, 
the Group has already started monitoring the eligibility of 
its activities with respect to the contribution to the last four 
environmental objectives in the 2023 Sustainability disclosure, 
and it is evaluating the possibility of including sustainability 
aspects and criteria in its investment planning whenever pos-
sible. Finally, in order to define its long-term forward-looking 
perspective, in alignment with the CSRD, the Group is com -
mitted to carrying out a scenario analysis related to climate 
change as well as to working on its climate change risk ma-
nagement in accordance with the provisions of the Task Force 
on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’), established 
by the Financial Stability Board to develop recommendations 
on the information that companies should disclose about the 
resilience of their strategy to climate-related risks.
In 2022 Campari Group revised its materiality assessment accor-
ding to the new provisions of GRI 3: Material Topics 2021, and the 
resulting analysis was approved by the members of the Board of 
Directors. According to this new definition of materiality, material 
topics are those that represent the organisation’s most significant 
impacts on the economy, environment, and people, including 
impacts on human rights. Starting from the materiality analysis 
conducted in previous years, in order to define the 2022 list of 
material topics, we have taken into consideration the following 
sources: list of topics based on GRI 2021; likely material topics of 
the Agriculture, Aquaculture and Fishing Sectors (since specific 
themes for the beverage sector have not yet been defined, we 
have analysed those defined within related sectors, in particu-
lar Agriculture); the beverage sector’s impacts according to the 
analyses carried out by spiritsEUROPE1 , the EU association repre-
senting one of Europe’s most valuable agri-food export sectors 
and, with it, the interests of 31 associations of spirits producers 
as well as 11 leading multinational companies, and FoodDrinkEu-
rope2 , the industry confederation in the European Union repre-
senting Europe’s food and drink manufacturing industry, the EU’s 
largest manufacturing sector in terms of turnover and employ-
ment; the Self Risk Assessment (‘SRA’) carried out in 2021 by the 
company, as we have ascertained a close correlation between the 
negative impacts generated or suffered and the Group’s risks; 
and the ESG Industry Materiality Maps developed by different 
ESG providers and rating agencies.
The Group has therefore compiled its list of material topics, 
classifying each of them according to their ability to generate 
a positive or negative, actual or potential impact, as descri-
bed by the GRI 3: Material Topic 2021. Then, each impact 
has been evaluated according to the GRI Standard’s variables 
and methodology, thus assessing their significance through 
quantitative and qualitative analysis and prioritizing them. 
Prioritization enabled the Group to take action to address 
the impacts and to determine its material topics for repor-
ting. The significance of an actual negative impact is deter-
mined by its Severity3, while potential negative impacts are 
also evaluated according to their Likelihood (the chance of 
the impact happening). Considering positive impacts, their 
significance is determined by their Scale (how beneficial the 
impact is or could be) and Scope (how widespread the im-
pact is or could be); if the positive impact is a potential one, 
then also its Likelihood shall be taken into account to deter-
mine its significance. For both negative and positive potential 
impacts, the Likelihood has been described mathematically 
using probability.
Please see below the list of Campari Group material topics, 
while the below paragraph provides a description of the as-
sessment carried out by the Group to prioritise their impacts 
based on their significance.
Materiality 
analysis
1 Trade review 2022-A spirit of recovery, spiritsEUROPE, 2022; 100% Sustainable from #Farm2Glass-The European Spirits Sector & the Green Deal, spiritsEUROPE, 2022.
2 The European Spirits Sector&the Green Deal, Food Drink Europe, 2021.
3  According to the GRI3:Material Topics 2021, the severity of an actual or potential negative impact is determined by its scale (i.e., how grave the impact is), scope 
(i.e., how widespread the impact is), and irremediable character (how hard it is to counteract or make good the resulting harm). Source: Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development (OECD), OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct, 2018; modified United Nations (UN), The Corporate 
Responsibility to Respect Human Rights: An Interpretive Guide, 2012; modified.
1312
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023

Page 8:
INDEX >
Campari Group  
material topics
Positive/Negative  
impact
Impact actual/
potential
Economic contribution Positive Actual
Employment contribution Positive Actual
Climate change, energy  
and carbon footprint Negative Actual
Water Negative Actual
Waste Negative Actual
Materials and circular economy Negative Actual
Biodiversity Negative Actual
Employee satisfaction Positive Actual
Talent attraction Positive Actual
Diversity, equal opportunities  
and inclusion Negative Potential
Training and employees development Positive Actual
Health and safety Negative Potential
Food safety and product quality Negative Potential
Responsible consumption Negative Actual
Conviviality Positive Actual
Customer and consumer satisfaction Negative Potential
Marketing and labeling Negative Potential
Transparency and responsible supply 
chain management Positive Actual
Human rights Negative Potential
Anti-corruption Negative Potential
Data privacy and cyber security Negative Actual
Support to local communities Positive Actual
Protection of quality products  
and cultural heritage Positive Actual
Public policy and self-regulation 
development Positive Actual
The spirits industry can be a powerful engine for sustainable 
development, through job and growth creation. Considering 
the intensity of the economic contribution of the spirits sec-
tor, its impact in terms of employment and ‘spirit tourism’ fi-
gures shown below (source: spiritsEUROPE spiritsEUROPE - A 
Spirit of Growth - Introduction) and taking into consideration 
that Campari Group is the sixth-largest player in the pre-
mium spirits industry4  in the world, marketing and distribu-
ting products in over 190 countries worldwide and employing 
approximately 5,000 people at 31 December 2023, we have 
identified Economic contribution-meaning the ability of the 
company to contribute to the global economy and the Italian 
GDP by generating turnover, exporting high-quality products 
worldwide, contributing to the country system by paying ta-
xes in Italy and to the sector’s sustainability through business 
agreements with business partners, and Employment contri-
bution-the company’s ability to hire employees and create 
new jobs within the company and throughout the entire sec-
tor as two positive impacts of the Group.
The ability of the company to meet the Camparistas’ ne-
eds, to develop programs that help employees learn specific 
knowledge or skills to improve performance and to ensure 
their growth, and to attract the right people for the business 
(Employee satisfaction, Talent attraction, Training and em-
ployees’ development) are the Group’s main positive impacts 
related to the Our People area. Always related to Campa-
ristas, Health and Safety and Diversity, Equal opportunities 
and Inclusion issues, with Campari Group being a multinatio-
nal manufacturing company with plants and offices worldwi-
de, are considered as potential negative impacts, in relation 
to which we have always been committed to promoting acti-
vities aimed at ensuring a safe and inclusive workplace (more 
information in the Our People chapter of this document).
Taking into consideration the environment, Campari Group, 
being a manufacturing company, necessarily generates a ne-
gative impact on the environment in terms of energy use 
and climate change, water use, waste production, use of 
materials and on biodiversity loss. The major environmental 
impact in terms of Severity (mainly Scale and Scope) is Cli-
mate change, energy and carbon footprint, and accordingly, 
the Group is currently implementing remediation actions all 
along the value chain to mitigate its impacts; similar activities 
are being implemented with regard to Water and Waste. The 
Materials and circular economy and Biodiversity topics are 
less impactful for the company because the packaging of 
its products is highly recyclable, being largely made of glass 
and cardboard, and because the impacts on biodiversity are 
mostly indirect as they are more related to suppliers. Never-
theless, specific mitigation actions are also being put in place 
by the company in relation to these actual negative impacts 
(for more information see the Environment chapter of this 
document).
With regard to products, the company has always been 
committed to guaranteeing the highest levels of quality and 
safety, and to promoting external communication aimed at 
raising consumer awareness about responsible consump-
tion and informing them about the main characteristics of 
the product itself. This is because we are aware that abuse 
in consumption would be as damaging to health as a lack 
of food standards. Failure to publish product characteristics 
would also cause an information asymmetry to the disad-
vantage of the consumer, which the Group has chosen to 
remedy by making the main product information available 
mainly online via the camparigroup.info website. At the same 
time, the company is also aware of the positive impact on a 
social and convivial lifestyle resulting from the responsible 
consumption of its products (aspect highlighted in the table 
under the topic Conviviality).
Human rights violations and corruption are risks that could 
occur along the supply chain and generate negative impacts, 
mainly considering that the Group has a global value chain 
from the sourcing of raw materials to the sale of products. 
Also in relation to the supply chain, it is therefore crucial for 
the Group to foster business relationships with partners who 
adopt the same standards of honesty, fairness and transpa-
rency and share the Group’s values. Given the strong in-
terconnectedness within the Group and the ever-increasing 
pervasiveness of technology within the business, another 
risk for the Group relates to Data privacy and cyber security 
with the possibility of generating a negative impact vis-à-
vis external stakeholders and Camparistas due to breaches/
theft of sensitive data, the malfunctioning or disruption of 
IT systems and the unavailability of online services due to a 
cyber-attack.
4 Source: Impact’s top 100 Premium Spirits Brands Worldwide by Company, March 2022.
1514
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023

Page 9:
INDEX >
EMPLOYMENT CONTRIBUTION
55% 
Are direct & 
indirect jobs in bars, 
restaurants and 
catering
31% 
Are indirect & induced 
employment in 
production
9% 
Are retail jobs directly 
supported by spirits 
production
5% 
Are direct 
employment in spirits 
production
1.2 
million jobs
CAN BE ATTRIBUTED TO PRODUCTION  
AND SALE OF SPIRIT DRINKS, OF WHICH
SPIRITS TOURISM: DISTILLERY VISITS
1 211 6
JOB
Created in the spirits  
sector
JOBS
Are created  
in the retailsector
JOBS
Are created  
in the hospitality sector
JOBS
Are indirect & induced  
from spirits production
BRANDY DE  
JEREZ REGION
SCOTLANDIRELANDFRANCE
284.000
350.000
1.020.000
2.161.000
With regard to more strictly social impacts, the company has 
always been committed to developing projects that benefit 
the local community or support the sector, also aiming at 
the promotion and restoration of cultural heritage and the 
protection of geographical indications (‘GIs’). Within the fra-
mework of national and supranational trade associations, the 
Group is also committed to participating in matters of pu-
blic debate, especially related to the sector, with the aim of 
identifying and defending the general interest and actively 
contributing to the development of regulation in this sense.
1716
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023

Page 10:
Campari 
Group’s 
identity


Page 11:
About  
us
Campari Group, a 
leading company in 
the global branded 
spirits industry, was 
founded in Milan in 
1860, when Gaspare 
Campari created the 
world-famous red 
aperitif.
With a portfolio of more than 50 premium and super pre-
mium brands owned, marketed and distributed in over 190 
countries worldwide and, with leadership positions in Europe 
and the Americas, Campari Group is today the sixth-largest 
player in the premium spirits industry5 in the world and em-
ploys approximately 5,000 people at 31 December 2023.
With a corporate domicile in the Netherlands and head-
quartered in Sesto San Giovanni (Milan), Italy, on 31 De-
cember 2023, the Group owned 22 manufacturing plants 
and had 26 in-market companies. The shares of the pa-
rent company, Davide Campari-Milano N.V. (Reuters CPRI.
MI-Bloomberg CPR IM), have been listed on the Italian 
Stock Exchange since 2001.
Premium spirits industry leaders
Diageo
Pernod Ricard
Bacardi
Brown-Forman
Beam Suntory
Campari Group
Constellation Brands 
E.&J. Gallo
Mast-Jägermeister 
The Edrington Group
01
05
09
03
07
02
06
10
04
08
‘Sustainability in its broadest sense has always 
been part of Campari Group’s DNA. Since 
joining the company in 2005, our Group has 
not only observed the evolution of this topic, 
but has actively contributed to its development. 
After all, ‘building more value together’ – i.e. 
our philosophy to guarantee the creation of 
long-term value – is based on a concept 
of shared responsibility. With this in mind, 
we have committed ourselves to making 
Sustainability an increasingly fundamental 
basis of our business and a strategic lever of 
our success. I am confident that, in the years 
to come, Campari Group will continue on this 
path, in the belief that sustainability is essential 
not only for guiding ethical decisions, but also 
for ensuring that our company continues to 
thrive and generate value, contributing to a 
more equitable and sustainable future for all’.
Bob Kunze-Concewitz
Chief Executive Officer
5 Source: Impact’s top 100 Premium Spirits Brands Worldwide by Company, March 2022.
2120 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 12:
our  
world
The defining 
aspects of the 
Campari Group’s 
culture and the 
constituent elements 
of its identity are: 
Corporate tagline, 
Mission, Values and 
Behaviours.
MISSION
‘The smallest big company in the spirits industry buil-
ding iconic brands and superior financial returns to-
gether with inspired and passionate Camparistas’.
CORPORATE TAGLINE
‘Toasting Life Together’, is at the core of our culture. It is 
what unites us and is deeply felt by all Camparistas. It re-
volves around our story made of celebrations that have been 
achieved through time by individuals who are passionate 
about what they do and put their efforts to ensure our busi-
ness success. However, ‘Toasting Life Together’ is more than 
just that. It also means recognising the role that our brands 
and drinks play in convivial moments, celebrating life in a 
positive and responsible way.
‘Our strategy combines organic growth with mergers and 
acquisitions. This is critical to enable continued margin 
expansion and to drive substantial reinvestment in brand 
building and business infrastructure for growth’.
Paolo Marchesini 
Chief Financial  
and Operating Officer
‘At Campari Group we are passionate about our work and 
deeply committed to building iconic brands. They are iconic 
because they attract consumers, customers, bartenders, and 
influencers from around the world due to their unique taste, 
unparalleled quality and intriguing and authentic stories’.
Julka Villa
Group Head  
of Marketing
David Souperbiet
Group Head  
of Human Resources
Iconic brands and passionate people are the drivers of our 
successful trajectory. Growing people and organisational 
capabilities while nurturing our unique culture will make 
us keep building more value together and sustain superior 
results over the next years’.
VALUES
OUR BEHAVIOURS
BE HUMBLE AND HUNGRY
The world is changing fast: what got you here won’t necessar-
ily get you there. We don’t rest on our laurels, and we know 
when it’s time to move forward. We are constantly looking 
for opportunities to do things better, without fear of making 
mistakes. Success must be earned everyday.
BUILD MORE VALUE TOGETHER
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win cham-
pionships. We are not a one-man band: we believe diversity 
of thought creates value and supports innovation, and good 
advice can come from anybody. In such a team you only have 
two options: make progress or make excuses. In our organisa-
tion, accountability is key and it ties commitment to the result. 
Although doing things alone is quicker, it does not achieve 
the same results as does doing them together: studies show 
that working in isolation causes inefficiencies affecting the 
whole organisation. Everyone embraces his/her own respon-
sibilities, but we consider a job incomplete if it’s not support-
ed by others’ knowledge, experience, advice, or even just en-
couragement. Sharing our knowledge and best practices with 
others is the way we work here, accepting failures and helping 
others to do the same, with honesty and courage.
EMBRACE THE CHALLENGE  
AND DRIVE THE CHANGE
In new ideas we see potential opportunities, not threats. We 
enjoy meeting high standards that are within reach and do 
not strive for impossible goals. The pursuit of excellence is 
gratifying and healthy, the pursuit of perfection is frustrating 
and a terrible waste of time. A defensive attitude towards 
change is self-defeating.
KEEP IT SIMPLE AND DO MORE WITH LESS
Prioritizing the necessary and eliminating the un-necessary 
is a condition to reduce overload and work more effectively, 
avoiding excess of inputs and procedures.
According to Pareto’s Principle only 20% of factors produce 
roughly 80% of results. Every day we strive to keep under 
control what our 20% is: this also includes looking for best 
practices and scalable solutions, in order to achieve excellent 
results optimising time.
We are passionate 
about our industry, 
company and brands. 
We are passionate 
about everything we do 
to build our brands and 
we go the extra mile to 
ensure a very positive 
experience to our con-
sumers, customers and 
partners with our brands 
and people, every day.
PASSION
We recruit, develop and 
reward employees that 
work with utmost integ -
rity and transparency. 
Integrity means being 
a responsible corporate 
citizen and treating all of 
our stakeholders correct-
ly and with respect. Most 
importantly, it means 
ensuring that fairness, 
honesty and consistency 
are the hallmarks of our 
business transactions 
and the guiding light for 
our employee’s profes -
sional lives.
INTEGRITY
We encourage and re-
ward pragmatic problem 
solving in all functions at 
all levels. Simplicity is at 
the heart of our actions 
and our unique struc -
ture enables us to take 
decisions as close to the 
customer and consumer 
as possible whilst ben-
efiting from synergies 
and know how through-
out the Group.
PRAGMATISM
’Together’ is our team phi-
losophy: it underlines both 
the nature of our business 
and the joint effort of 
Camparistas (including 
partners and customers) 
around the world, working 
with passion behind every 
brand or cocktail being 
served. Together we avoid 
silos, proactively breaking 
any cultural, organisational 
and geographical barriers, 
working cross functionally 
and we move in the same 
direction, to reach our 
shared goal.
TOGETHER
2322 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 13:
RESPECT OTHERS AND THE PLANET
We behave as proper members of our Company community 
and responsible citizens of this planet, and proactively com-
mit to their development. We value diversity, respect every 
opinion and firmly believe that diverse teams of non-experts 
perform better than non-diverse teams of experts.
our  
story
ORIGINS NOVARA, ITALY
The experiments of liquorist 
Gaspare Campari culminate 
with the invention of a new 
beverage with a distinctive bitter 
taste and a recipe that has been 
kept secret to this day.
CLASSIC COCKTAILS AND 
THE ASSOCIATION WITH ART
The classic cocktails are 
born, first and foremost the 
Americano and Negroni, 
which became increasingly 
popular and renowned and 
are now included in the 
‘unforgettable’ category 
of the official International 
Bartenders Association (‘IBA’) 
list. At the same time, many 
great artists of the era started 
to work with Campari, giving 
rise to the historic association 
between the brand and the 
art world. In 1921, Leonetto 
Cappiello created the famous 
‘Spiritello’ and its advertising 
poster became an icon for 
the product.
THE FUTURIST PERIOD
As art becames more 
geometric and dynamic, and 
the styles more distinctive, 
Campari’s advertising 
cannot fail to reflect these 
changes. The collaboration 
with Depero represented 
an important turning point 
for the advertising material, 
which was enhanced in that 
period with mechanical 
designs and structured 
forms. An avant-garde 
choice for Campari, Depero 
is an artist with a synthetic, 
graphic, almost stylised 
style, who experiments with 
solutions that are still current 
today. An example of this is 
Depero’s iconic ‘robottino’ 
(little robot), a siphon that 
sprayed seltzer into a glass 
of Campari. It inspired 
architect Mario Botta who 
oversaw the construction 
of the Campari Group’s 
headquarters building in 
Sesto San Giovanni and 
transferred the sketch to a 
bas-relief on the left-hand 
side of the historic building 
that was the Group’s first 
plant, inaugurated in 1904.
1860
1920
1930
19041915
CAMPARI EXPANDS
On 1 October 1904, the first 
manufacturing plant opened 
in Sesto San Giovanni.
THE CAMPARINO BAR 
IN THE HEARTH OF MILAN
A cornerstone of the Italian 
aperitif, the establishment 
known as Camparino opens in 
the centre of Milan in Galleria 
Vittorio Emanuele II alongside 
the Duomo cathedral, and 
quickly becomes one of the 
symbols most associated with 
the city, along with fashion 
and design.
2524 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 14:
CREATION OF CAMPARI 
SODA
Firstly created in 1932, 
Campari Soda is considered 
the first pre-mixed drink 
in the world and has 
always been presented in 
its signature bottle that 
was designed in the 1930s 
by Fortunato Depero. Its 
unmistakable conical shape 
is still today an icon of the 
Italian aperitivo. Campari 
Soda still is one of the most 
important brands in the 
Group, mainly distributed in 
the Italian market.
1932
1980
19901995
A UNIQUE LIFESTYLE
Campari is a key part of 
the most exclusive and 
unique events that offered 
drinks in the 1980s, a period 
of economic and cultural 
expansion, becoming a key 
ingredient of the famous 
‘Milan aperitif’.
1970
INTERNATIONAL FILM 
STARS AND DIRECTORS 
WITH CAMPARI
Campari’s partnerships with 
famous actors and directors, 
which started in the 1970s, 
reached its peak in 1985, 
when the Italian director 
Federico Fellini shots his first 
television advertisement for 
Campari.
TARSEM, A DIRECTOR’S CUT
At the end of the 1990s, 
Campari launched a new 
partnership with the famous 
Indian director Tarsem, who, 
as part of the ‘Campari Red 
Passion’ campaign, directed 
the exceptional commercial 
‘Il Graffio’ (The Scratch), the 
first to broach the subject of 
sexual identity in Italy.
THE TURNING POINT
With Crodino, Campari 
conducts its first acquisition, 
marking the beginning of 
the group’s growth strategy 
combining 50% organic and 
50% external growth.
2001
A NEW CHAPTER 
FOR CAMPARI GROUP 
AS A PUBLIC COMPANY
In 2001, Campari Group goes 
public on the Italian Stock 
Exchange, marking the start 
of its journey as a top global 
spirits player. Since then, the 
company has grown, building 
iconic brands and acquiring 
hidden gems to enrich its 
portfolio of premium and 
super-premium brands. 
With an ambitious strategy, 
Campari Group continues to 
look to the future as an ever-
stronger company.
THE ACQUISITION 
OF SKYY VODKA
Founded in San Francisco in 
1992, it revolutionizes vodka 
quality with its proprietary 
quadruple-distillation and 
triple-filtration process. The 
acquisition of SKYY Vodka 
further strengthens the 
Group’s presence in the 
global spirits industry.
2003
THE ACQUISITION 
OF APEROL
Created in 1919 by brothers 
Luigi and Silvio Barbieri in 
their father’s liquor company, 
Aperol is an aperitif that is 
the result of seven years of 
experimentation. The 1950s 
see the famous recipe that 
made the Aperol Spritz 
cocktail so popular. With 
the acquisition by Campari 
Group, Aperol carries on a 
strong advertising campaign 
for Aperol Spritz, becoming 
much more international.
2004
THE NEW 
MANUFACTURING PLANT 
IN NOVI LIGURE
The plant in Novi Ligure is 
inaugurated 100 years after 
the establishment of the first 
plant in 1904. This facility has 
since become one of the 
largest for Campari Group, 
producing and shipping 
products to many countries 
worldwide.
2009
THE ACQUISITION OF WILD 
TURKEY
Under the stewardship of 
Master Distillers Jimmy and 
Eddie Russell, this award-
winning Kentucky Straight 
Bourbon Whiskey is an 
American icon revered across 
the world. The high rye 
mash bill, charred barrels, 
and longer aging convey to 
this whiskey a big, bold, yet 
incredibly smooth texture.
THE ACQUISITION 
OF ESPOLÒN
Handcrafted with 100% 
Weber Agave, Espolòn 
is a premium tequila that 
celebrates the storied culture 
of true Mexico through 
classic 19th-century artistry 
and the iconic rooster, a 
symbol of national pride. The 
labels, unique illustrations 
inspired by Mexican artistry, 
infuse the characters of 
Guadalupe, Rosarita and 
Ramon the Rooster into 
journeys capturing real 
moments in Mexican history. 
Espolòn is produced in three 
marques, Blanco, Reposado 
and Añejo.
2726 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 15:
2016
THE ACQUISITION 
OF GRAND MARNIER
Since its creation in 1880, Grand 
Marnier liqueur is the iconic 
spirit of vibrant French lifestyle 
around the world. It’s made 
from the unique combination of 
the finest French cognacs and 
essence of exotic oranges. The 
Grand Marnier bottle, whose 
roundness evokes the silhouette 
of the copper Cognac still, has 
not changed for over a century 
making it timeless.
2020
160 YEARS OF CAMPARI
2020 was the 160th anniversary 
of Campari’s foundation. 
A year dedicated to the 
rediscovery of the origins of 
the company created in 1860 
producing just a single brand, 
and which is now the sixth 
biggest Group in the world 
in the spirits industry with a 
portfolio of over 50 brands. 
A continuous growth 
process which, in 2020, the 
Italian Ministry of Economic 
Development paid homage 
to with the issue of a stamp 
dedicated to Campari’s 160th 
anniversary, including the 
Group among ‘the excellences 
of the manufacturing and 
economic system’ in Italy.
The stamp, created by the 
illustrator Francesco Poroli, is a 
contemporary revisitation of a 
work that managed to capture 
the soul of the Campari brand, 
the spirit of optimism and 
the constant focus on the 
future which has always been 
a hallmark of the Group: ‘Lo 
Spiritello’ created by the artist 
Leonetto Cappiello in 1921. To 
celebrate this anniversary, the 
Group unveils ‘Infinito Campari’, 
an artwork designed and 
made by the sculptor Oliviero 
Rainaldi. A legacy that takes 
20102012
GALLERIA CAMPARI 
OPENING
The new Galleria 
Campari, opened in Sesto 
San Giovanni (Milan) 
Headquarters, is a special 
space symbolizing the strong 
connection between Campari 
and the art world. 
THE ACQUISITION 
OF APPLETON ESTATE
Appleton Estate, located 
deep in the middle of 
Jamaica’s lush Nassau 
Valley, begins perfecting 
complex rum-making over 
270 years ago. The terroir, 
with its ideal climate, fertile 
soil and topography, the 
natural limestone spring 
that supplies water for 
fermentation, through to 
distillation, strict minimum 
tropical ageing standards 
and artful blending all 
combine to produce 
sumptuous rums with 
complex flavors and aromas 
of which Appleton Estate is 
an expression.
2017
CAMPARI’S ‘KILLER IN RED’
Paolo Sorrentino captures the 
Campari Red Passion in a film 
that expresses the essence of 
the brand, because ‘Nothing 
is created without passion’. In 
2017, Paolo Sorrentino writes 
and directs an intriguing film 
noir starring Clive Owen, a 
film that inaugurated the Red 
Diaries, the cinematographic 
evolution of the Campari 
Calendar released every year 
since 2001.
2021
RED DIARIES 2021-FELLINI 
FORWARD
Campari returned with the 
new Red Diaries 2021 project: 
‘Fellini Forward’, an ode to 
Federico Fellini and the first 
short film made with artificial 
intelligence. New technology 
and machine learning have 
been used to emulate the 
works of one of the greatest 
filmmakers of all time in a 
new and unique short movie 
set in Rome. This seamless 
collaboration between human 
and Artificial Intelligence 
showcases how the 
sentimental and the rational, 
the emotional and data-driven 
can come together to create a 
brand new piece of art.
CAMPARINO IN THE 50 
WORLD’S BEST BAR
Camparino joins the 50 
World’s Best Bars in 27th 
position. The World’s 50 
Best Bars is an annual list 
that celebrates the best 
of the international drinks 
industry, judged by 600 
drinks experts from across 
the globe. Opened in 
1915, today Camparino in 
Galleria is a modern, daring 
blend of iconic history and 
contemporary verve, a place 
open to all, just as it always 
was, welcoming and creating 
new stories every day, and 
making its Italian voice heard 
around the world.
2022
FESTIVAL DE CANNES
Campari keeps on pushing 
the boundaries of creativity 
bringing its Red Passion 
to the 75th edition of the 
world-renowned Festival de 
Cannes where, for the first 
year, the iconic Italian red 
aperitivo was the Official 
Partner, following the already 
established partnerships of 
the Venezia, New York and 
Locarno Film Festivals.
its inspiration from Campari’s 
history and, in particular, from 
two works made by artists who 
in their era made an essential 
contribution to building up the 
brand: the futurist Fortunato 
Depero with his 1931 work 
‘Il Tempio Campari’, and, 
once again, the painter and 
illustrator Leonetto Cappiello, 
who with ‘Lo Spiritello’ left his 
mark on Campari’s history.
2928 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 16:
GLOBAL LAUNCH 
OF MAYENDA TEQUILA
As the ultra-premium tequila 
segment continues to 
experience unprecedented 
growth, Campari Group 
introduces Mayenda, a 
new ultra-premium sipping 
tequila crafted by Maestro 
Tequilero Jesus Susunaga and 
the team of experts at Casa 
San Nicolás to celebrate the 
rich history of the revered 
agave plant, capturing lost 
flavors from the heart of the 
agave. Mayenda is currently 
marketed in the United States 
and Mexico.
APEROL, MAIN SPONSOR 
OF COACHELLA AND US 
OPEN 
For the first time, Aperol 
brings music fans together 
at the world-renowned 
Coachella Valley Music and 
Arts Festival, and sponsors 
a main tennis event, the US 
Open, thus bringing the 
iconic Italian aperitivo culture 
to the next level.
GLOBAL LAUNCH OF THE 
GLENGRANT’S DEVOTION
The GlenGrant Devotion 
is a handcrafted sculptural 
masterpiece, and an 
exquisite 70-year-old single 
malt whisky, the oldest ever 
release from the distillery 
in its 180 years. Both The 
GlenGrant Devotion 70-Year-
Old, with only 7 decanters 
available worldwide, and 
CAMPARI AND CINEMA:  
A TIMELESS STORY
Campari continues to expand 
its commitment to the world 
of cinema with partnerships 
with the most relevant film 
festivals around the globe, 
among which Venice Film 
Festival, Festival de Cannes, 
New York Film Festival, 
Screen Actors Guild Awards, 
Berlin International Film 
Festival, Locarno Film Festival.
2023
A NEW ICONIC BOTTLE 
FOR CAMPARI
The new bottle design pays 
homage to its hometown 
of Milano, taking aesthetic 
cues from the city’s culture, 
offering a timeless look that 
reflects the sleek, minimalist 
fashion and contemporary 
style that Milano is known 
for. For its renewed image, 
Campari celebrates the 
bond that has always existed 
between the brand and its 
hometown, with a never-
seen-before drone show that 
lighted up the Milanese sky.
a rare 68-Year-Old (The 
GlenGrant’s The Visionary) 
have been sold at auctions 
for a combined total of over 
USD357,000 set to benefit 
charitable organisations in 
Scotland.
WILD TURKEY 
GENERATIONS LAUNCH
This ultra-premium and highly 
limited release from the 
storied Wild Turkey distillery 
reflects more than a century 
of bourbon-making process, 
a first-ever collaboration 
from three generations of 
the iconic Russell family of 
whiskey makers.
3130 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 17:
The  
Spiritheque
Born as a two-souls editorial project, ‘The Spiritheque-#-
StoriesBeyondTheSpirits’ comes to life in 2018 thanks to the 
collaboration of illustrators and writers from all over the wor-
ld. The name ‘Spiritheque’ is a made-up name merging the 
words ‘Spirits’ and ‘Thèque’ as in the French name meaning 
‘shrine’. In fact, The Spiritheque is intended to be the place 
to preserve and give full expression to the heritage and uni-
queness of Campari Group’s most iconic brands. ‘The Spi-
ritheque’ follows in the steps of Davide Campari’s example 
when, back in the early 20th century, the son of Campari’s 
inventor and the true entrepreneur behind the red bitter’s 
success began recruiting the greatest contemporary artists 
of his times to help him make Campari the unmistakable 
icon that it is today. Davide was also behind the invention 
of ‘Il Cantastorie’: a series of compositions in verses released 
weekly with the leading Italian newspaper Corriere Della Sera 
and collected every year from 1927 to 1932.
‘The Spiritheque’ renews in a contemporary and innovative 
way Campari’s historic ties with the world of Arts&Culture, 
trusting the stories of its brands into the hands of passionate 
artists. The project tells of places and people, mysteries, and 
fascinating anecdotes from the world of iconic spirits such 
as Campari, Aperol, and Cinzano, as well as Appleton Estate, 
Grand Marnier, Wild Turkey, and many more. The result of the 
artists’ creative interpretation through words and artworks is 
displayed on the Campari Group website within a dedicated 
section featuring over 30 stories, constantly enriched by ori-
ginal narrations and illustrations. To best convey the strong 
bond between the brands and their territories, the selection 
of the illustrators is based on the criteria of their sharing the 
same provenance as the brands they are asked to interpret.
RECENT EVOLUTION OF THE PROJECT
‘The Spiritheque’ undertook a significant multichannel 
evolution. Firstly, with the launch of The Spiritheque 
Limited Print collection. From a digital-only environ -
ment, through the Prints collection, the project has 
found its first physical expression which has been 
taken to the next level in 2022, with the first physi -
cal temporary exhibition hosted by Galleria Campari 
at the Group’s Headquarters. Through an interactive 
and guided tour, Camparistas and external visitors were 
able to immerse themselves in the world of Campari 
Group’s iconic brands as if inside an art gallery. In the 
same year, a digital audio version of the project, featur -
ing ten episodes, was launched. Through the distinctive 
voice of the narrator, along with a dedicated playlist, 
the listener can discover a selection of ten stories ex -
tracted from ‘The Spiritheque’ dedicated to Italian icons 
such as Campari, Aperol, Cynar, Crodino and Cinzano. 
In 2023, a new wave of episodes keeps on exploring 
Campari Group’s portfolio through words and sounds 
deeply connected with the stories of the brands.
‘The Spiritheque’ can be visited at camparigroup.com/
en/spiritheque .
3332 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 18:
Campari Group:  
a history  
of entrepreneurship
The Group made 
its first acquisition 
in 1995, marking the 
start of a strategy that 
still today combines 
50% organic growth 
with 50% external 
growth. Since then, 
each brand that has 
joined the Group 
has brought with it 
a unique history and 
identity.
Nearly 40 
acquisitions since 1995
for a total value  
of over €4.0 billion.
€500 million  
since 2016.
Over 10 disposals since 2013  
and divestment amounting to around
40
4.0
500
10
Distribution 
Company
Contact  
beverage Pocket
Tannico’s ownership equally split 
between Campari and Moet  
Hennessy through a JV
1995 1999 2001 2002 2003 2004 2004 2007 2008 2009 2010
 2011 2012 2013 2014 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2022
3534 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 19:
Campari  
Group  
worldwide
Since 2004, Campari Group, headquartered in Sesto San 
Giovanni (Milan), has been developing a proprietary direct 
distribution network, which has grown in 16 years from 5 to 
26 markets worldwide accounting for approximately 93% of 
Group revenues. The Group brought the bottling activities in 
the core markets of the US and Australia in-house sector and, 
since 2004, has been increasing the number of production 
sites around the world from 8 to 22 at 31 December 2023: 
Italy (4), Greece, Scotland, Jamaica (3), France (4), Australia, 
Mexico (3), United States (2), Canada, Argentina, and Brazil.
The distribution subsidiaries in 2004 were in Italy, Germany, 
United States, Brazil and Switzerland.
The expansion since 2004 has encompassed Austria, China, 
Argentina, Mexico, Ukraine, Belgium, Luxembourg, Austral-
ia, Russia, Jamaica, UK, Spain, Canada, Peru, South Africa, 
France, India, South Korea, Japan and New Zealand. Direct 
markets
Headquarters Production 
facilities
Local 
subsidiaries
3736 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 20:
Macro-economic  
scenario and  
growth strategy
Campari Group’s growth 
strategy aims to combine 
organic growth, through 
strong brand building 
with shareholder value 
enhancing acquisitions. 
The Group’s strategic 
thinking is driven by 
the desire to reach or 
enhance critical mass in 
key geographic markets.
Campari Group is continuously leveraging on the 
expansion of the international footprint of its own 
enriched brand portfolio, aiming to drive faster 
growth of Global Priorities, incubate Regional 
Priorities with best-in-class marketing, innovation 
and brand building and generate steady 
growth in key Local Priorities through 
periodical renewals. It aims to con -
tinuously leverage rigorous cost 
discipline to reinvest savings in 
strategic brand building and 
develop the Group’s presence 
in high-potential markets.
The Group focuses its ex-
ternal growth efforts on 
spirits: key Group objec -
tives are to seek acquisitions 
in markets where Campari 
Group controls its distribution, 
acquire local brands with strong 
equity to build new distribution plat-
forms and identify specialty brands with 
strong equity and pricing power, whilst maintain-
ing financial discipline. In addition to acquiring businesses 
that have reached a meaningful scale on a stand-alone basis 
in given markets, thus giving the Group the critical mass to 
build new distribution capabilities, the Group also remains 
committed to achieving potential synergies from acquiring 
brands and/or businesses in markets where the Group has 
already established a strong presence.
KEY STRATEGIC PRIORTITIES
Campari Group’s growth ambition focuses on six key strate-
gic priorities, embedding the most relevant sustainable goals 
and initiatives for its success in the medium term:
•  Boost organisation agility to drive superior perfor-
mance: the prevailing macroeconomic challenges, speci-
fically marked by elevated inflation rates and the conse-
quential heightened tensions and volatility in commodity 
and energy prices, coupled with emerging shifts in con-
sumption trends and the escalating challenges posed 
by climate change, define the present business environ-
ment. As Campari Group persists in investing in ambi-
tious sustainable strategic initiatives and expanding its 
business scale, agility becomes imperative for promptly 
addressing risks and capitalizing on opportunities arising 
both externally and internally. The objective is to achieve 
a significantly elevated level of sustainable performance 
through a proactive and swift approach to identifying 
sustainability priorities, fostering innovation, promoting 
learning and leadership, shaping work methodologies, 
and making decisions. This entails harnessing digital te-
chnologies and leveraging data analytics;
•  Expand the Group’s global leadership in Italian icons, 
with its aperitif and amari brands, in both alcoholic and 
non-alcoholic segments: the experience of the pan-
demic showed that consumer habits, the path towards 
the market and the assortment of brands can adapt in 
changing environments. Therefore, the Group feels the 
need to continuously evolve its strategy to be more agi-
le, successful and sustainability oriented. Recruiting new 
young customers and exploiting with courage emotional 
moments defined by social dynamics to discover the op-
portunities, geographical areas and categories of new 
consumers, is a ‘must-have’ to be fulfilled through the 
Group’s fantastic premium brands in the aperitifs, amari 
and non-alcoholic segment;
•  Accelerate the growth of spirits and RARE portfolio: in 
recent years and mainly during the pandemic, the trend 
to drink ‘less-but-better’ and enjoy everyday treats via 
home-made premium cocktails was discovered. Premiu-
misation is the leading trend, fuelled by home mixology, 
which will continue in some key categories and markets, 
and customers are expected to return to well-known 
brands. In this context it is crucial to achieve relevant 
market positions and to maximise the return on sustai-
nable investment and profitability of the Group’s wor -
ld-class spirits brands, winning the moment of truth for 
consumers and buyers to build the Group’s brand pre-
ferences, by creating an unforgettable experience with 
extraordinary liquids;
•  Build brand preference and drive conversion in the 
omnichannel area: the path of the consumer and the 
buyer has evolved thanks to the disruptive role played by 
e-commerce and digital media and this has been iden-
tified as the omnichannel journey that can start from 
any channel and mature in the others. Consumers and 
buyers discover the Group’s brands and create a rela-
tionship with them. In this context, it is essential to de-
fine a clear role for each channel, clear objectives and 
targets, a clear strategy to provide coherent experiences 
across channels: brands are a key element in building 
the equity of those moments;
•  Accelerate business development in the Asia-Pacific re-
gion to boost the Group’s market position: accelerating 
business development in Asia-Pacific region is essential 
to strengthen the Group’s position in the market using 
a combination of winning in existing battlegrounds and 
identification of key brands/markets/initiatives, in a con-
text characterised by millions of new potential consu-
mers every year;
•  Promote and facilitate sustainable development: the 
Group’s internationalization process has required an ev-
er-increasing commitment regarding the management 
of its social and environmental impacts, to ensure a ho-
mogeneous approach in all contexts with the aim of pur-
suing sustainable development. For this reason, a struc-
tured path dedicated to sustainability has been defined 
with specific short, medium and long-term commitments 
aimed at creating more value in each business area and 
externally towards the Group’s main stakeholders.
O
RG
ANIC GROW T H
E X T E R NAL G
RO
W
TH
3938 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 21:
These ambitions, sustained by the Group’s key strengths and 
enablers, ensure a consistent resource allocation and integration 
in the Group’s business planning cycle and working attitude.
To achieve its medium-term ambitions, Campari Group leve-
rages the following key strengths and enablers:
•  Digital transformation;
•  Empowered brand portfolio, brand building, innovation 
and marketing capabilities;
•  Strengthened route-to-market;
•  Strengthened global supply chain: 
•  Strong cash flow generation and financial debt profile 
to fuel external growth and investments in business 
infrastructure;
•  Strong commitment to sustainability roadmap, as broadly 
detailed in the next chapters of this Sustainability report.
Among the main initiatives, the Group has undertaken mea-
ningful investments in its digital transformation process in the 
recent years. This transformation aims to boost agility, ability 
and speed in strategic business decision making and to drive 
superior performance throughout the organisation. Campari 
Group is continuously evolving into a data-driven organisa -
tion and laying the foundations for the next stage of its future 
growth. The journey aims at simplifying, harmonizing, and in-
novating the Group’s processes, as well as improving overall 
efficiency through automation and superior user experience. 
Campari Group has also invested significantly in recent years 
with the aim of reinforcing its distribution capabilities across 
on-premise and off-premise channels in its international 
markets. Currently Campari Group’s distribution network lar-
gely reflects the structure of the four regional business units, 
and broadly covers core markets in Europe and the Americas, 
where the company is now well positioned to leverage these 
strengthened platforms to accelerate its growth. In markets 
where the Group does not have its own local sales organisa-
tions (so-called third-party markets), it works via local inde-
pendent importers or local partnerships.
Finally, over the years the Group significantly expanded its 
supply chain capabilities. The organisational structure of Glo-
bal Supply Chain (‘GSC’), including the various central and 
regional roles created in the previous years, is optimised to 
allow the focus of the design of GSC solutions to be owned 
and delivered by central functions, while the execution of the 
design is managed locally in regions. This structure ensures a 
more consistent approach, reduced IT complexity and spend, 
a ‘design once and execute many’ adoption of initiatives and, 
ultimately, a more efficient and effective GSC. The primary 
objective is to optimise inventory levels while delivering the 
highest standards of customer service and responsiveness to 
customer demands. Given the escalating challenges posed 
by intensified input cost pressures, logistical constraints, and 
inflationary factors, the focus on margin protection has be-
come increasingly crucial in the current global macroecono-
mic landscape. Furthermore, with the objective of fostering 
sustained long-term growth, the Group has, in recent years 
and will continue to do so in the foreseeable future, made 
substantial investments in expanding production capacity, 
finished product storage, and site utilities. This strategic de-
cision is rooted in positive expectations for future demand, 
particularly in the segments of bourbon, tequila, and the 
aged product portfolio.
In 2023, Campari Group’s net sales amounted to €2,918.6 mil-
lion, with an overall increase of +8.2% compared with 2022. 
Organic and perimeter were positive at +10.5% and +1.2%, par-
tially offset by negative exchange rate component of -3.5%.
The Group’s robust performance was substantiated by the 
strong momentum of its brands, notably those associated 
with the aperitif, tequila, and bourbon sectors. Additionally, 
the Group demonstrated a resilience in taking robust pricing 
across its portfolio while continuing to maintain positive volume 
growth, in a normalising consumer environment, only partly 
offset by suboptimal weather conditions during certain high 
seasonal moments of the business. Moreover, the Group conti-
nued to invest in brand building and commercial infrastructure 
as well as its operations to fuel its long-term growth strategy.
4140 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 22:
ACQUISITIONS AND COMMERCIAL 
AGREEMENTS
In 2023 the following initiatives, consistent with the Group’s 
growth ambitions in the Asia-Pacific region, were implement-
ed. Such transactions had the objective to further strengthen 
Campari Group’s commercial capabilities and enhance its fo-
cus on its brands in the Asian strategic region.
MARCH 2023
On 1 March 2023, Campari Group acquired the remaining 
outstanding shares in the distribution joint-venture CT Spir -
its Japan Ltd. (‘CTSJ’), in which it previously had a non-con-
trolling stake. As a result, CTSJ has become a wholly owned 
subsidiary, triggering its full consolidation in Campari Group’s 
accounts since that date.
APRIL 2023 
On 3 April 2023, Campari Group became the majority share-
holder of Thirsty Camel Ltd., in which it previously had a 
non-controlling stake. Thirsty Camel markets and distributes 
some of the world’s leading brands and began distribut -
ing the full Campari portfolio in New Zealand on 1 January 
2023, thus supporting the Group’s expansion and presence 
in the area. The company was included in the consolidation 
area starting from April 2023 and its impact on consolidated 
group accounts was not material.
Campari Group entered into a distribution agreement with 
French company SAS Miraval Provence as the exclusive dis-
tributor of Miraval Rosé, Studio Miraval, Muse Miraval and 
Fleur de Miraval in the United States and French markets, 
starting with the 2023 vintage currently being released. This 
addition to the Campari portfolio in France and the United 
States allows the Group to diversify the range and strengthen 
its aperitivo offering by entering the high-growth rose wine 
category with an outstanding quality.
Starting in January 2024, Campari Group France will be the 
exclusive distributor for the European territory of France and 
Monaco, across all trade channels, of Irish whiskeys Bushmills 
and The Sexton and of The Kraken rum owned by Proximo 
Spirits. Proximo Spirits products will complete and reinforce 
Campari’s position in two key segments of the market. From 
the same date Campari Group will no longer distribute Beam 
Suntory brands in the French market as the distribution agree-
ment will expire at the end of this year with no extension.
NOVEMBER 2023
On 24 November 2023 Campari Group and Sichuan Yibin 
Wuliangye Group Co., Ltd. signed a memorandum of under-
standing on strategic cooperation in Wuliangye, Yibin City, 
Sichuan Province. The unique collaboration has attracted 
wide attention in the industry since it marked a significant 
milestone. Both parties will join forces and complement their 
advantages to form a strategic cooperation relationship and 
will collaborate in areas such as new product co-creation, 
channel expansion, strengthening marketing cooperation, 
and promoting brand culture to support the joint develop-
ment of both parties in the domestic China and internation-
al spirits market. Together with Wuliangye, Campari Group 
will uncover growth opportunities while promoting cultural 
exchange through spirits, represented by the Group’s wide 
portfolio of western spirits across different categories and 
Wuliangye’s leadership in Chinese Nongxiang Flavor Baijiu. 
Through this partnership, both parties not only will introduce 
consumers in China and abroad to different spirits represent-
ing different cultures, but by partnering together, develop 
and co-create new products for different occasions.
DECEMBER 2023
On 14 December 2023 Campari Group entered into exclu-
sive negotiations with Beam Suntory, Inc and granted thereto 
in such context a put option, with a view to acquire 100% 
of the outstanding share capital of Beam Holding France 
S.A.S., which holds 100% of the share capital of Courvoisier 
S.A.S., owner of Courvoisier brand. Courvoisier is a premium 
cognac, positioned to further strengthen Campari Group’s 
portfolio of global brand priorities, particularly in aged spir-
its, as well as supporting future long-term premiumisation 
ambitions in key strategic segments for the Group. The brand 
is also world renowned and a global icon of luxury, providing 
the opportunity to build leverage in one of the most relevant 
spirit categories in the United States and transform Campari 
Group’s growth profile in Asia and Global Travel Retail (‘GTR’) 
via expansion of its footprint of luxury expressions. The Cour-
voisier brand will benefit from Campari Group’s proven lead-
ership, focus and brand development capabilities, leveraging 
the Group’s enhanced operational and business infrastruc -
ture. The enterprise value of USD1.32 billion (€1.22 billion 
at the date of the exclusive negotiations) on a cash free/
debt free basis, consists of a fixed purchase price of USD1.20 
billion (€1.11 billion) and earn-out for maximum amount of 
USD0.12 billion (€0.11 billion) payable in 2029 based on the 
achievement of net sales targets realized in full year 2028. 
The brand’s net sales were USD249 million in 2022, according 
to the Seller’s view, of which approximately 60% in the United 
States, while the maturing stock with a book value of USD365 
million as of 31 October 2023 is with well-balanced age pro-
files to support future brand development.
JANUARY 2024
As of 1 January 2024, Campari Group is dynamically entering 
the Greek market by leveraging on its subsidiary Campari 
Hellas S.A., which will fully undertake the trading and distri-
bution of alcoholic beverages of Campari Group for Greece. 
The strategic decision demonstrates the importance of the 
Greek market for the Group’s growth trajectory, given the 
prospects and possibilities the country offers as one of the 
most popular summer destinations.
4342 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 23:
Our  
brands
Campari Group has 
a portfolio of over 50 
premium and super 
premium brands, 
covering a wide range 
of categories, including 
Aperitifs, Vodka, Liqueurs, 
Bitters, Whisky (including 
American whisky, 
Canadian whisky and 
Scotch whisky), Tequila, 
Rum, Gin and Cognac. 
Moreover, Campari Group 
also has a presence in 
the champagne category 
and it is growing in the 
non-alcoholic aperitifs 
segment. The Group 
categorises its brands 
into three main clusters 
(Global, Regional and 
Local Priorities) based 
on the geographic scale, 
business priority and 
growth potential of the 
brands.
SPARKLING WINE
COGNAC
VODKA
CHAMPAGNE
APERITIF
RUM
 WHISKY
TEQUILA&MEZCAL
LIQUER&OTHER
GIN
4544 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 24:
CAMPARI
Campari, the iconic, unforgettable Italian red spirit sitting at the heart of some of 
the world’s most famous cocktails, sold in 190 countries. Campari was founded 
in Milan in 1860 by Gaspare Campari, and pioneered by his son, Davide, who 
created something so distinctive and revolutionary that its secret recipe has not 
been altered since. In 1904, the first manufacturing plant was established in Sesto 
San Giovanni, Milan. Vibrant red in colour, Campari’s unique and multi-layered 
taste is the result of the infusion of herbs, aromatic plants and fruit in alcohol and 
water. A historic, sophisticated, high class and quality brand, but at the same time 
always evolving, contemporary and forward-looking, it represents a symbol of 
Italian excellence. In 2020, Campari released an inspirational new digital campai-
gn featuring a unique partnership with remarkable artists from around the world, 
bringing to life the brand’s newly evolved ethos of Red Passion, the urge inside 
us that is impossible to ignore. As well as being unique and distinctive, Campari is 
extremely versatile, offering boundless and unexpected possibilities. As a source 
of this passionate inspiration since its creation seen through its founders’ creative 
genius, artists in different fields and the world’s best bartenders, Campari stimu-
lates your instincts to unlock your passions, inspiring limitless creations.
APEROL
Aperol was founded in 1919 in Padua, an invention of brothers Silvio and Luigi Bar-
bieri, who launched the revolutionary idea of an aperitif with an alcohol content of 
only 11%. Since then, Aperol’s popularity has grown exponentially, thanks to its fresh 
and versatile taste and compatibility with various other drinks, giving an unmista-
kable flavour to even the most elaborate cocktails. Acquired in the 1990s by Barbero 
1891 S.p.A., Aperol became part of the Campari Group’s brand portfolio in 2003, 
achieving new records of popularity and diffusion at the international level.
Aperol is an Aperitivo liquid distinctive in colour and taste, with a uniqueness 
defined by its bright, vibrant and lively orange hue and perfectly bittersweet 
essence, a result of its highly confidential original recipe which has remained 
a secret since its creation. A true masterpiece of alchemy, Aperol features a 
sophisticated, well-rounded taste with low ABV, obtained thanks to citrus peels 
and essential citrus oils lending the liquid its distinctive freshness and unmista-
kable aroma, while a secret mix of aromatic herbs, roots and wood creates the 
subtle and approachable bittersweet aftertaste Aperol is famous for.
Aperol’s signature drink is Aperol Spritz: now ranked 9th in the world’s most sold 
cocktails according to Drinks International 2021, it is considered the perfect Aperitivo 
cocktail, bright orange in colour, light on alcohol, but with a rich, complex taste de-
riving from the infusion of a blend of high-quality herbs and roots. Mixing prosecco 
with Aperol and a splash of soda water, makes for the quintessential social signature 
Global priorities
drink. Aperol is a social connector, a universal language that brings people together 
and multiplies their joy. The source of the simple ritual and Aperol vibe started in 
Venice at traditional ‘bàcari’ where the ‘Venetian way of life’ is experienced.
Spontaneous Aperitivo moments are complete when your Aperol Spritz is ser-
ved alongside delicious and shareable dishes, inspired by the tradition of 
‘Cicchetti’, the Venetian word for bite size food that, together with the Aperol 
Spritz, complete the perfect ritual of the Italian Aperitivo.
WILD TURKEY
The acquisition of Wild Turkey in 2009 helped strengthen the Campari Group’s 
leadership position in the US and international premium spirits markets.
The distillery for Wild Turkey Bourbon is in Kentucky, situated on a deep limestone 
shelf on the Kentucky River. The shelf acts as a natural filter and provides the distillery 
with crystal clear water, vital to making such a high-quality product. Wild Turkey fea-
tures the legendary father and son Master Distilling team of Jimmy and Eddie Russell, 
who have over 100 years of collective experience working at the Wild Turkey distillery.
The famous Wild Turkey brand name first came about back in 1940 when 
distillery executive Thomas McCarthey took a few warehouse samples on a 
Wild Turkey hunting trip with a group of friends. The following year, his friends 
asked him for ‘some of that Wild Turkey whiskey’ and the brand was born.
Wild Turkey is distilled and put into new oak barrels at a much lower ABV than 
most bourbons. This results in a much richer flavor, as less is cooked out du-
ring the production process. Ageing in the highest quality new American oak 
barrels with the heaviest char available (the Number 4 ‘alligator’ char), imparts 
a smooth flavor and deep amber color to the whiskey. The barrels are filled at 
the distillery in Lawrenceburg, Kentucky.
SKYY
Campari Group, which had already acquired a minority stake in Skyy Spirits, LLC 
in 1998, acquired a further 50% in 2001, increasing its interest to 100% in 2006.
SKYY Vodka was born in san Francisco in 1992 and is steeped with the innovative 
spirit of California. Conceived by a first generation American inventor looking to 
create the world’s smoothest vodka, SKYY revolutionized vodka quality with its 
proprietary quadruple-distillation and triple-filtration process. Breaking the mold 
again, SKYY has recently added more character to its liquid, now made with water 
enhanced by minerals, including Pacific minerals sourced from the San Francisco 
Bay Area, and filtered through California Limestone for fresher tasting cocktails. 
Like many things that originate in San Francisco, SKYY’s forward-thinking mindset 
and inclusive values fueled its growth from a tiny startup into what it is today.
4746 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 25:
APPLETON ESTATE
With Appleton Estate, which became part of the Group portfolio in 2012, Campari 
Group entered the rum category, and further consolidated its critical mass in North 
American markets, particularly the United States, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean.
Nestled in the heart of Jamaica, in the beautiful, lush Nassau Valley lies the 
Appleton Estate. For almost 275 years, Appleton has been crafting authentic, 
premium Jamaican rums using time honoured traditions that have been passed 
down from generation to generation. The critically acclaimed rums are created 
by the location, ingredients, and high standards that are unique to the Estate. 
The local terroir, with its ideal climate, fertile soil and topography, the natural 
spring that supplies water for fermentation, through to distillation, ageing and 
blending all combine to produce rums that are delicious and alive, vivid and 
deep with complex flavors and aromas.
The Appleton Estate core rum collection includes the Signature rum, 8 Year Old 
Reserve rum, 12 Year Old Rare Casks rum, 15 Year Old Black River Casks rum 
and 21 Year Old Nassau Valley Casks rum.
GRAND MARNIER
Grand Marnier is the only premium liqueur in the world that combines cognac 
with exotic bitter orange liqueur. Grand Marnier was created in 1880 by Louis-A-
lexandre Marnier Lapostolle who had the innovative idea of blending cognac 
with a rare variety of orange ‘Citrus bigaradia’. By merging the complexity of 
cognac with the exoticism of distilled essence of orange he created the famous 
Grand Liqueur. Grand Marnier Cordon Rouge continues to be produced as it 
was in 1876, with the addition of special cuvées to the range over the years, 
including Grand Marnier Louis Alexandre, Grand Marnier Cuvée Centenaire, 
Grand Marnier Cuvée Révelation and the Grand Marnier Cuvée Quintessence.
WRAY&NEPHEW
A legend in Jamaica, Wray&Nephew White Overproof Rum is flavourful, full-strength 
and full of character. Wray&Nephew White Overproof Rum is a very special blend of 
rums from Wray&Nephew’s estates. It is crystal clear and has a fruity natural aroma 
with overtones of molasses. Its complexity adds a unique character to cocktails and 
is the essential ingredient in authentic Jamaican rum punch, as well as the secret 
ingredient in many rum-based signature drinks. In Jamaica Wray&Nephew White 
Overproof Rum is not just a drink, it infuses the culture of Jamaica and pours throu-
gh different aspects of everyday life. Wray&Nephew White Overproof Rum is as 
much a part of Jamaica as the black green and gold of the Country’s flag.
ESPOLÒN
Distilled from hand-harvested 100% Blue Weber Agave in Los Altos, the Hi-
ghlands region of Jalisco, Espolòn’s award-winning tequilas are the pride of the 
Casa San Nicolás (NOM: 1440). Espolòn was the realization of a lifelong desire 
for late founder and Master Distiller Cirilo Oropeza, who dreamed of creating 
a tequila that blends artisanal Mexican tradition with modern techniques.
Espolòn is, at its heart, a tribute to Mexican culture, with striking bottle designs 
inspired by the rich, storied history of Mexico. Through its labels, Espolòn pays 
tribute to a true luminary, José Guadalupe Posada. Posada was a 19th century 
artist and printmaker, a real pioneer, and a bit of a rebel. His most famous work, 
the calaveras (skeletons), were a powerful commentary on the social injustices 
of his time. He gave his people a voice and gave the art world a style that con-
tinues to influence pop culture today. Today, Espolòn Tequila Blanco, Espolòn 
Tequila Reposado, Espolòn Tequila Añejo and Espolòn Cristalino each spotlight 
different moments in Mexican history, led by the legendary rooster, Ramón.
4948 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 26:
Regional priorities
FORTY CREEK
Canada’s original craft distillery, Forty Creek Whisky was founded in 
1992 and is inspired by the power of the Niagara Falls. Celebrated and 
widely awarded for its remarkably smooth and approachable Canadian 
whiskies, Forty Creek boasts a range of premium spirits that appeal to 
whisky fans around the world. Forty Creek’s relentless pursuit of ma -
sterfully blended whisky helped define a new narrative for Canadian 
Whisky, earning Forty Creek the title of Whisky Maker of the Decade in 
2020 at the Canadian Whisky Awards.
BULLDOG
BULLDOG is a modern premium quality gin which reinterprets the classic Lon-
don Dry Gin distinctively blending 12 botanicals creating a smooth and balan-
ced finish. With nutty and floral notes and an overriding freshness, dragon eye, 
lotus leaf, and white poppy complete the distinctive taste of BULLDOG London 
Dry Gin. The unmistakable BULLDOG bottle expresses its bold attitude as a 
modern icon with an unexpectedly smooth taste. The refined gin is a quality 
choice for versatile cocktail making and is 40% ABV. While BULLDOG London 
Dry Gin really shines in a Gin&Tonic serve, its creative botanical blend gives it a 
versatility that also adds a touch of modernity to iconic classic cocktails in which 
gin plays a key role such as the Negroni. BULLDOG was founded in 2007 and 
becoming part of Campari Group in 2017 is available today in over 55 countries.
THE GLENGRANT
Created in 1840 by the brothers John and James Grant, The GlenGrant is one 
of the world’s best-selling single malt Scotch whiskies. The GlenGrant is a de-
licate but complex whisky made with barley malt, pure Scottish highland water 
and yeast. The distillate is produced from tall, slender stills and special purifi-
cators that Master Distiller and precursor James ‘The Major’ Grant introduced 
over a century ago and which are still used today. The distinctive colour and 
singular character of The GlenGrant develops during the ageing period in oak 
barrels and matures over time creating a range of evocative single malts with 
distinctive fruity character. The GlenGrant distillery in Rothes (Scotland) is also 
famous for its beautiful 27-acre gardens created by James ‘The Major’ Grant 
in 1886. The ‘Garden of Splendours’ is today open to the public and repre-
sents an extraordinary example of late 19th-century Victorian gardening style 
unlike anything else in Scotland. Since 2006, The GlenGrant, together with Old 
Smuggler Scotch Whisky, has been part of Campari Group’s product portfolio.
BRAULIO
Born in Bormio, in the heart of the Stelvio National Park, Braulio, the ultimate 
gem amongst all Amari, is an exceptional blend of herbs, roots, and berries. 
This premium sipping Amaro has been representing the best of the family 
Alpine tradition and passion in craftsmanship that have been passed down 
from generation to generation for almost 150 years, creating a story that has 
never stopped being told. Created in 1875 by Francesco Peloni in his pharmacy 
in Bormio, it perfectly captures the distinctive aromas and flavors of the Ita-
lian Alps: made from 100% natural ingredients, it holds the inner spirit of the 
mountains: a complex multi-layered flavour to be slowly discovered, sip-by-sip.
Braulio was acquired by Campari Group in 2014 and represents the excellence 
of the premium Amaro segment.
The Amaro Braulio ages at least 15 months in oak barrels, rooted into mountain 
tastes, holding the complexity of a blend which needs to be slowly savoured 
to be fully appreciated.
The Braulio Riserva Speciale is distinctive for the round flavors and its aging 
of at least 24 months, for a true appreciation of the value of time, as in the 
Alpine tradition. The intrinsic connection between Braulio and the mountains 
is evident from the very beginning of the creation process: from the selection 
of herbs to the ageing phase which has been carried out for over 150 years 
following the traditional procedure. 
When the Peloni family started the business at the end of the 19th century, the 
cellars occupied only a few meters under their house. Fast forward to the 1970s, 
Braulio had increased its production making it necessary for the expansion of 
the cellars. In 2017, the productive plant was restored and enlarged again, ad-
ding an additional 1600 square meters of underground cellars and 319 barrels, 
ending up in an enchanting labyrinth. In 2021 a full brand repositioning has 
followed with a premium and unique visual identity and a new global digital 
campaign called ‘Unforgettable takes time’, followed by the opening of Casa 
Braulio, in July 2023, which has been the first and most important aim of the 
cellar restyling, conveying the unique story of an exceptional liquid, deeply 
rooted in its origins and in the territory of its birth.
CYNAR
An artichoke-based liqueur with a sweet and bitter taste created by the Venetian 
entrepreneur and philanthropist Angelo dalle Molle, Cynar was launched in Pa-
dua in 1952. Cynar is known for its versatility and distinctive flavor, which is enri-
ched by the infusion of 13 herbs and plants including the artichoke leaves, from 
which the name of the drink derives – Cynar scolymus is the botanical definition 
of artichoke. With a secret recipe that has remained the same since its creation, it 
5150 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 27:
AVERNA
Averna, acquired by Campari Group in 2014, represents the authentic taste, colors 
and character of Sicily, with a history rooted in Caltanissetta. The secret recipe was 
created at the beginning of the 19th century by the Capuchin monks of the Santo 
Spirito Monastery and in 1868 it was given as a gift by the monk Friar Girolamo to 
the textile merchant Salvatore Averna as a gesture of gratitude in recognition of 
his dedication to the local community. Salvatore launched production of the drink, 
passing on the business to his son Francesco, who deserves the credit for getting 
the product known at Italian and foreign trade fairs. By virtue of the growth and 
status that the product acquired in Italy, in 1912 King Vittorio Emanuele III granted 
Averna the right to print the inscription ‘Patent of the Royal House’ on the label.
The production process begins with a combination of essential oils of bitter 
oranges and Sicilian lemons, pomegranate peels and other herbs, roots, and 
natural spices. In the early 20s, Francesco’s wife Anna Maria took the reins of 
the company, becoming one of the first examples of female entrepreneurship. 
The 90s saw the commercial expansion of Averna in the world: already appre-
ciated in the US and Central Europe, the brand increased its notoriety on a 
world scale, sent to over 60 countries. In 2018, Averna globally celebrated its 
150 Anniversary of Sicilian Vibrancy and two years later, in 2020, it launched 
its new international advertising campaign #OpenSicily, a true hymn to the 
Sicilian way of life and the beauty of the island, built by its warm and rich mix 
of welcoming people and cultures, able to convey the concept that when you 
open up a bottle of Averna, you open up a modern and vibrant world of Sicily. 
In 2022, Averna decided to boost further its investment on the territory by the 
renewal of an abandones area called ‘Cantieri della Zisa’ in Palermo to encou-
rage contamination among young artists and conviviality moments.
FRANGELICO
In its characteristic bottle, whose shape resembles a monk with joined hands, 
became popular in Italy thanks to the advertising carried out during the Carnival 
with actor Ernesto Calindri and the unforgettable slogan ‘Contro il logorio della 
vita moderna’ (‘Against the attrition of modern life’). Enjoyed as refreshing and 
versatility drink like Cynar&Soda or Cynar Spritz. Since then, the brand, acquired 
by Campari Group in 1995, has grown and is now distributed internationally; 
among the main markets: Italy, Argentina, USA, Switzerland and Brazil.
Cynar 70 Proof, which was developed from the same secret recipe as Cynar, 
has distinctive herbal notes marrying with hints of dried fruit. 
CINZANO
Cinzano is a brand of vermouths and sparkling wines originating in Piedmont, 
Italy, with over 260 years’ experience and quality. The story of the brand began 
in Turin, when the city was the capital of the Kingdom of Savoy, where high 
society used to entertain their tastebuds with specialties like aromatised wines 
and distilled liqueurs. A global Italian Icon, propelled from the hills of Piedmont 
to a world-class brand by the entrepreneurial determination of its founding 
fathers, brothers Giovanni Giacomo and Carlo Stefano Cinzano; each drop of 
Cinzano vermouth and sparkling wine is infused with nearly three centuries of 
determination and willpower to achieve the very best in quality and taste.
The Cinzano brothers founded Casa Cinzano in 1757, which became a hou-
sehold name and evolved over the years by developing a range of products 
beloved to this day:
•  Cinzano sparkling wines, holding the very same care and dedication within 
each bottle. Editions range: Dry, Sweet and Rosé.
•  Cuvée Storica, inspired by Cinzano’s heritage following a commission from 
the King to create an Italian sparkling wine to rival champagne’s growing 
popularity around the world.
•  Cinzano Classico range: Cinzano Rosso, Cinzano Bianco and Cinzano Extra 
Dry all maintain the same taste and quality of the original Cinzano vermouths.
This spirit of the sensorial experimentation, which the Cinzano Brothers carried 
out in the secrecy of their bottega at the end of the 18th Century, is still alive 
today, embodied by the team of researchers and experts and led by the Cam-
pari Group Italian Icons Herbalist & Master Blender, who created a brand new 
vermouth, specifically designed to suite modern mixology trends but deeply 
rooted in tradition: 1757 Vermouth di Torino G.I.
Frangelico is a hazelnut liqueur from Piedmont, a region in the north of Italy, 
whose origins date back to the presence of early Christian monks living in the 
hills of the area in the 17th century. Their skills in fine food and drink would 
have included the art of distilling, especially the use of the wild hazelnuts and 
other local ingredients to create a liqueur on which Frangelico is based today. 
Legend has it that it owes its name to a hermit friar (Fra’ Angelico) who lived in 
the hills of Piedmont; in fact, the Italian Hazelnut, the main ingredient used to 
produce this liqueur, comes from the hills of the Langhe; after being roasted 
and distilled, it is mixed with coffee, vanilla, cocoa and other secret aromatic 
herbs. The Frangelico brand was born in 1978, created by the Barbero family, 
becoming part of Campari Group’s brand portfolio in 2010. Today it is sold 
mainly in Germany, Spain and the United States.
5352 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 28:
DEL PROFESSORE
Del Professore brand was founded in 2013 in Rome by esteemed bartender Leonardo 
Leuci, with the aim to pay tribute to the pioneering work of the Father of American 
Mixology, Jerry Thomas, and the excellence of Italian spirits. The unique collection 
includes: Vermouth di Torino Rosso, Vermouth di Torino Classico, Vermouth Chinato, 
Vermouth Superiore Barolo, Gin Monsieur, Gin A La Madame, Gin Crocodile. The 
selection of fortified wines is a result of a dedicated historical and technical analysis 
which blends centuries of Italian vermouth production tradition, with the creativity of 
the bartender that popularised modern cocktail making across the world. Each of the 
Del Professore vermouths have been designed with the knowledge of bartenders and 
the expertise of traditional Italian distillers to be enjoyed and experienced by fellow 
bartenders and cocktail lovers, all with the common goal of creating drinks mixed and 
served to perfection. Del Professore gins tell the tale of the era from which they were 
inspired, a time that marked a change in the way cocktails and spirits were produced 
and that was a source of inspiration for the founder, who sought to create a collection 
of gins inspired by the iconic ‘bathtub gins’ of the Prohibition era of early 1920s.
RICCADONNA
Riccadonna is a high-quality brand of Italian sparkling wines that gives a touch 
of effortless style to everyday occasions. Originally founded by Clara and Ottavio 
Riccadonna in Piedmont, Italy, in 1921, when the stylish and entrepreneurial couple 
started producing high quality vermouth and sparkling wines, playing a passionate 
role in laying the foundations for the excellence of the ‘Made in Italy’ label. Thanks 
to its variety of sweet and dry tastes, Riccadonna Collezione Moda, which includes 
Prosecco D.O.C., Asti D.O.C.G, Moscato d’Asti, Chardonnay, and Ruby, is easy to 
share alone or paired with food, delivering a touch of refinement to an outgoing 
moment of conviviality. In 2004, Ottavio Riccadonna, grandson of the founder, 
entrusted the fruits of three generations of labour to Campari Group. Starting 
from 2021, the range is enriched by new premium variants: Prosecco D.O.C. Rosè 
Millesimato, Prosecco D.O.C. Biologico, Prosecco D.O.C. Biologico Millesimato, 
confirming the brand position as Prosecco innovator. Closely connected to cultu-
ral outlooks, Riccadonna draws on its heritage, outgoing nature and contemporary 
edge to add a touch of effortless glamour to everyday occasions.
Nowadays, Riccadonna is distributed worldwide, with core markets in France, 
Chile and Peru.
MONDORO
Mondoro reflects the refinement and magnificence of Italian culture, with its buildin-
gs, history and luxuriousness. The classic range (Prosecco D.O.C., Asti D.O.C.G., Rosè, 
ANCHO REYES
In 1920s Puebla, Mexico, the cantinas of the Barrio del Artista bustled with artists 
and intellectuals who gathered to exchange ideas over original homemade liqueurs 
known as menjurjes. One especially popular menjurje was handcrafted from the an-
cho chile. We pay homage to those original recipes with Ancho Reyes Original and 
Ancho Reyes Verde, authentic Mexican liqueurs steeped in the tradition of Puebla.
Our poblano chiles are cultivated in the volcano-enriched soils of Puebla. One by 
one, each poblano chile is individually hand-selected for quality. For Ancho Reyes 
Verde, the chiles are harvested earlier, while green. For Ancho Reyes Original, 
chiles are sun-dried for between 15 to 20 days to become ancho chiles. The dried 
chiles develop a rich, smoky, and fiery flavor. For Ancho Reyes Verde, a portion 
of the poblano chiles are fire roasted. The poblano chiles express a bright, crisp, 
and fresh heat. The poblano chiles used in Ancho Reyes Verde are mashed, while 
those used in Ancho Reyes Original are scissor-sliced by hand, a painstaking, 
time-consuming process that ensures that we use only the finest chiles. For half 
of a year, the chiles soak in a stepped process, macerating in small vats of neutral 
cane spirit from Veracruz, Mexico, then the resulting liquid is hand-blended by our 
Maestra Maceradora or Master Blender, to maintain consistent flavour and spice.
BISQUIT&DUBOUCHÉ
Bisquit&Dubouché is a prestigious Cognac with over 200 years of heritage, re-
cognised for its progressive spirit. Established in France since 1819 by Alexandre 
Bisquit and Adrien Dubouche, the brand is renowned for its excellence and its 
distinctive distillation method that delivers a superior concentration of aromas and 
smoothness. To produce its signature ‘eaux de vie’, a delicate process was desi-
gned to create a Cognac with a richer aroma and smooth, fruity, signature notes. 
Bisquit&Dubouché relies on mastery and precision, in addition to tried and tested 
techniques crafted over two centuries. The brand offering includes a classic range 
of cognacs: V.S, V.S.O.P, X.O. Since the foundation, 200 years ago, Bisquit&Du-
bouché embodies the ambitious and charismatic spirit of its two French founders.
Bisquit&Dubouché became part of the Campari Group portfolio in 2017.
Brut) is made with the best grapes from Northern Italy, respecting the highest stan-
dards of production that make the Italian wine tradition renowned all over the world. 
Mondoro’s green and gold palette is inspired by its iconic bottle and label, and it 
recurs throughout the whole visual territory of the brand. Mondoro’s iconic bottle 
has a beautiful, unique swirling shape that radiates the glow of its liquid from the 
inside. Prosecco D.O.C. Rosè Millesimato and Prosecco D.O.C. biologico Millesimato 
complement the range. Today the brand is highly appreciated in Eastern Europe.
5554 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 29:
MAISON LA MAUNY
In the heart of the lush valley of Rivière Pilote in southern Martinique, Maison 
La Mauny has been making Agricole Rums elaborated with pure sugarcane 
juice for over 250 years. Established by Count de Mauny in 1749, the La Mau-
ny Estate is part of Martinique’s heritage. A true pioneer from the very start, 
Maison La Mauny combines know-how and creativity to blend beautiful liquid 
into exquisite pure cane rhums. Upon the initiative of its former owner Mr. 
Bourdillon, Maison La Mauny contributed to the recognition of the Martini-
can expertise in crafting pure cane rhums. In 1996, the rhum from Martinique 
received the outstanding AOC (Appellation d’Origine Contrôlée) Rhum de la 
Martinique label, a true guarantee of quality and authenticity.
Symbols of Martinique, Maison La Mauny rums are famed for their generosity, 
smoothness and exuberant style, embodied by the Maison La Mauny icon ‘la 
Tête Marée’: the creole woman with the traditional madras headdress.
MONTELOBOS
Montelobos Mezcal is crafted using the same traditional artisanal mezcal techni-
ques that have been used for 500 years. Meticulously hand-crafted, Montelobos 
is unmistakably bold yet strikingly balanced. For Montelobos, the key to flavor, 
and the key to mezcal itself, is balance. To make Montelobos Mezcal, agave piñas 
are harvested and then roasted in a fire pit, which gives the mezcal its smoky 
flavor. The roasted agave are ground using a mash (tahona) that is milled and 
then left in stone, leather or wood vats to ferment, then distilled in copper or clay. 
Montelobos consists of four variants. The first is Montelobos Espadín, an unaged 
joven mezcal, crafted from meticulously cultivated agave Espadín that is 100% or-
ganic and sustainably sourced. It is roasted underground and small batch distilled 
to achieve a perfect balance of sweetness and subtle smoke. Montelobos Ensam-
ble is sustainably sourced and crafted using Papalote agave, complemented with 
Espadín and Tobalá agave. It is an explosion of contrasting flavors, with body and 
acidity that highlights smoke and fruit. Montelobos Tobalá is sustainably sourced 
and crafted with Tobalá cenizo agave and offers a complete experience of citrus, 
fruit and herbal flavors and aromas with a slightly sweet note, all integrated with 
sophistication. Montelobos Pechuga is a Mezcal Espadín distilled for a third time 
with turkey breast, seasonal fruit and spices. It is a homage to Oaxacan traditions, 
with an experimental twist that celebrates festive ingredients.
TROIS RIVIÈRES
Born in Martinique in the Lesser Antilles in the eastern Caribbean Sea, Trois Rivières’ 
Pure Cane Rhum is distilled from freshly squeezed sugarcane juice. In existence for 
over three centuries, the Trois Rivières sugarcane plantation is an integral part of 
Martinique’s heritage. The estate benefits from an exceptional terroir that retains all 
the wealth and flavor from the sugarcane and gives Trois Rivières’ rums their cha-
racter and their rich flavors: over 1,700 acres of land, gently stroked by trade winds, 
overlook the sparkling sea in the sunniest, far-South part of the island.
From cutting the sugarcane to aging the vintages, Trois Rivières multi-awarded 
rums meet high standards and rigorous manufacturing methods that go back 
to the 18th century and bear the demanding label ‘AOC Martinique Rhum Agri-
cole’, a designation of controlled quality and origin.
CHAMPAGNE LALLIER
Champagne Lallier was founded in 1906 in Aÿ, one of the few villages classified 
as ‘Grand Cru’. Its prestigious name embodies the noble heritage of Cham -
pagne. Lallier stands as a modern and respected Champagne House, thriving 
on reputed vineyards elevated through progressive savoir-faire. Its distinctive 
winemaking philosophy aims at enhancing the individuality of a terroir, and its 
ultimate expressions are its flagship Réflexion series and its hand-crafted presti-
ge cuvée, Ouvrage. Its Experts range includes Rosé, Blanc de Blancs, and Blanc 
de Noirs, along with an annual Millésime vintage cuvée. As well as Ouvrage, 
The Grand Cru Creations also include the Parcellaires-Les Sous&Loridon.
CRODINO
Crodino is the surprisingly non-alcoholic Italian aperitivo, that brings an upbeat 
personality and a distinctively rich and bittersweet taste to enrich the non-alcoholic 
drinking experience. Crodino was first created in 1965, in Northern Italy, using a reci-
pe of fifteen high-quality herbs, spices, woods and roots that were sourced from all 
over the world. The rich bouquet of ingredients is expertly blended and infused for 
up to six months to release their full aromatic potential and achieve the surprisingly 
rich flavour profile of Crodino. The original recipe has been kept a closely guarded 
and respected secret and remains unaltered to blend the Crodino we know today; 
multi-layered in taste with a unique bittersweetness captured in sparkling bubbles. 
With an authentic Italian heritage, Crodino embraces the Italian art of the Aperitivo 
moment and it is the #1 non-alcoholic Aperitivo in Italy; connecting to Crodino’s 
warm and witty spirit that embraces an easy-going and inclusive atmosphere. Cro-
dino is available as Crodino Biondo and Crodino Rosso. Crodino is ready-to-serve: 
pour it derectly in a long-stem wine glass filled generously with ice and finished with 
a slice of fresh orange. For the perfect ‘Rituale Italiano’, Crodino can be paired with 
high-quality small bites; tasty tapas and savoury specialities.
5756 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 30:
CAMPARI SODA
A true icon since 1932, Campari Soda is the result of an inspired insight of Davi-
de Campari, an enlightened entrepreneur and great art lover, who created the 
first single-dose aperitif in history, from the perfect mix of Campari and soda 
water, and asked the futurist Fortunato Depero to design the unmistakable 9.8 
cl upturned goblet shaped bottle.
Campari Soda, starting from a characteristic element of its design, namely the 
lack of a label on the bottle, currently embodies the ‘#without-label’ aperitif 
par excellence, authentic from every point of view, that brings together indi-
viduals who share the same values. Campari Soda is an ever-present rite of 
belonging, a symbol of Italian culture.
The image is also new: a celebration of the brand, its historicity and iconicity, with 
a style that enhances its avant-garde attitude. In 2020 Campari Soda launched 
the #DesignConnection initiative, with the aim of strengthening and making vi-
sible and concrete the strong link between Campari Soda and the world of 
design, which started back in 1932, the year in which the futurist artist Fortunato 
Depero designed the unmistakable 9.8 cl inverted goblet-shaped bottle for the 
first single-serving aperitif in the history. In particular, Campari Soda has long 
been committed to the training of young talents linked to the world of design, in 
order to stimulate the creation of unique works in line with its own #withoutlabels 
style. Examples of this are the collaborations with POLI.design, an international 
benchmark for post-graduate training in Design at the Milan Polytechnic, and 
Fabrica, the hotbed of ideas that welcomes young talents from all over the world. 
DREHER
Dreher is a Brazilian brandy with a full-bodied amber colour, distilled and produ-
ced with cane sugar, flavour and natural plant extracts. It is the most popular tra-
ditional spirit brand in Brazil. Dreher was created in 1910 in the southern region of 
Bento Gonçalves, Brazil’s most important wine production area, and became part 
of the Campari Group portfolio in 2001, increasing its market share ever since.
SAGATIBA
Cachaça is Brazil’s national distillate, derived from sugar cane and a key ingredient 
of ‘caipirinha’, the famous Brazilian cocktail made with lime and sugar. Sagatiba 
is one of the most representative brands in the premium cachaça (distilled fer-
mented sugarcane juice) category, with a market share of 4% (Scanntech: 2023). 
Founded by entrepreneur Marcos de Moraes in 2004 and made from sugar cane 
from the region of Minas Gerais, Sagatiba became part of the Campari Group’s 
Local priorities
CABO WABO
Cabo Wabo is a 100% tequila made with blue agave. Born in 1996 in Guadalajara, 
Mexico, it was acquired by Campari Group in 2008 by its creator, rock star Sam-
my Hagar and its main markets today are the United States, Mexico and Canada. 
There are three main variants: Cabo Wabo Blanco (pure tequila that does not un-
dergo any aging process), Cabo Wabo Reposado (aged in American oak barrels 
for at least 2 months, which gives it its typical golden colour and notes of citrus 
and spicy pepper), Cabo Wabo Añejo (amber in colour, with hints of vanilla and 
honey to the taste, aged in American oak barrels for at least 12 months).
OUZO 12
Ouzo originated in Greece in around the middle of the 18th century, when the 
art of distillation of ‘tsipouro’, an alcoholic extract derived from the solid remains 
from grape crushing, began to develop in the country. It was only later, during 
the distillation process, that various spices, mainly aniseed, were added to make 
the drink less bitter and more palatable. However, since the domestic production 
of aniseed was not sufficient, distillers began to import aniseed from Sicily in bur-
lap sacks, imprinted with the inscription: ‘Anise use for Marseilles’, the city famous 
for its aniseed-based spirits (pastis). To underline the high quality of the aniseed 
used, Greek producers began to refer for their product using the Italian inscrip-
tion and in particular to the word ‘uso’ (use) from which the name ouzo derives. 
Ouzo 12 was first created in Constantinople, present-day Istanbul, in 1880, and 
took its name from the ‘Barrel no. 12’ of the Kaloyiannis distillery. The story conti-
nued in Thessaloniki, where the Kalogiannis family moved in 1925, and in 1950 this 
unique distillate made its way to Piraeus, where it was bottled for the first time, 
introducing the carafe, which became the most common ouzo bottle. The brand 
was acquired by Campari Group in 1999 and since 2005 Ouzo 12 has been di-
portfolio in 2011. Two of its main variants are Sagatiba Cristalina and Sagatiba 
Envelhecida. Cristalina was the first cachaça to use the multi-distillation process 
in steel columns. This production method uses an indirect heating system for ste-
am distillation, distilling the liquid more than once, maintaining the sugar cane’s 
original characteristics, such as aroma and taste, and eliminating any impurities. 
Sagatiba Envelhecida is produced by hand in small batches on a family farm in 
the countryside of Minas Gerais and its production process has been perfected 
to create a unique drink. The fresh sugar cane is ground less than 24 hours after 
harvesting, fermented with an exclusive yeast and then distilled in a copper still 
and aged for at least two years in American oak barrels.
5958 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 31:
PICON
Invented in 1837 by Gaétan Picon, Picon is a traditional and iconic liqueur 
rooted in French popular culture. Combining orange peels and plants (inclu-
ding quinine and gentian) this bittersweet aperitif most popular in France and 
Benelux is available in three variants: Picon Bière best mixed with beer, Picon 
Club to be mixed with wine, Picon Amer to be mixed with wine and cocktails. 
Picon joined Campari Group’s portfolio in May 2022, further enlarging its bitter ape-
ritif offering, and creating opportunities to propel the brand to international markets.
ZEDDA PIRAS
Passion, experience and care are the authentic and genuine values that guide Mirto 
Zedda Piras, a house founded in 1854, produced in Sardinia in Alghero following 
the traditional recipe: only water, sugar, alcohol and wild Sardinian myrtle berries.
The harvest of myrtle begins in November, a centuries-old, unique and pre-
cious tradition which is renewed year after year to create Mirto Zedda Piras. 
The typical Sardinian liqueur is obtained exclusively from fresh Sardinian myrtle 
berries, harvested by skilled hands who know the impervious places of the 
island, where this spontaneous shrub grows, the fruit of which ripens inland 
and along the sunny and windy coasts of the island, exclusively on wild shrubs.
Produced in Alghero, Mirto Zedda Piras takes its intriguing character from 
wild berries picked when ripe and left to macerate in alcohol. The small pur -
plish-blue fruits, which dot the Sardinian landscape with the arrival of winter, 
characterize its colour and taste.
stilled and produced at the Koutsikos plant in Volos, central Greece, an area par-
ticularly renowned for the production of Ouzo and Tsipouro. Remaining true to 
its original recipe, Ouzo 12 has established itself today as the world’s best-selling 
ouzo brand for its rich taste and delicate aroma, as a result of harmoniously blen-
ded selected seeds and herbs that have undergone a double distillation process. 
Its flavor has ranked it as the world’s number one ouzo according to IWSR 2023.
O’NDINA
O’ndina is a super-premium and modern, small batch distilled gin that is crafted in 
Italy using a blend of 19 botanicals including fresh basil, Basilico Genovese DOP, that 
create a refreshing and herbaceous flavour profile. A Mediterranean herbal bouquet 
makes up the majority of the botanicals used, grafted together with an international 
exotic spice blend from East Asia. The first sip delivers notes of fresh basil that take 
MAYENDA
Mayenda is a small batch, ultra premium sipping tequila from Casa San Nicolás 
(NOM: 1440) in Los Altos, Jalisco. Launched in 2023 with the signature expression, 
Mayenda Tequila Blanco, our tequila is crafted using a unique pioneering pro-
cess that adds two extra steps of craft and care, maceration and blending with 
agave miel, to capture the deep flavors and aromas from the cooking process 
which are often lost in tequila-making. The final distillation of Mayenda then takes 
place in copper pot stills, which captures the sweetness and complexity of the 
cooked agave without using any additives in any step of the process. The result 
is a distinctive, rich and elegant sipping tequila that is best enjoyed neat at room 
temperature. This extra care and attention to detail also extends to its striking 
bottle, inspired by handblown Jaliscan glass and its signature texture. The product 
and packaging are sourced from Mexico, with labels made from 100% reclaimed 
agave byproduct and featuring the Aztec goddess Mayahuel, a tribute to the 
goddess who embodied the agave plant. As a finishing touch, each bottle is 
adorned with a copper medallion created by Mexican jeweler Mauricio Serrano.
WILDERNESS TRAIL
Wilderness Trail Distillery, in Danville, Kentucky, USA, was launched in 2012 as 
a premium craft distillery focusing on making the highest quality bourbon and 
rye whiskey. The science-minded founders, Shane Baker and Dr. Pat Heist, are 
fermentation experts with more than 20 years’ experience in the production of 
whiskey, consistently recognised as pioneers in the engineering, research and 
development, fermentation and distilling activities.
Wilderness Trail Distillery is perfecting centuries old traditions with sustai-
nable-minded processes informed by modern science. Many bourbon lovers 
know Wilderness Trail as sweet mash disruptors of the American Whiskey in-
dustry, made possible thanks to the scientific rigor and ultra-high production 
standards at their state-of-the-art distillery. Over the last decade, Wilderness’ 
team of scientists and innovators, led by Dr. Pat and Shane, have continued to 
grow the Wilderness Trail Distillery, which now encompasses a 168-acre cam-
pus with more than 100,000 barrels aging in our onsite rickhouses.
you right to the sea, before bright notes of juniper clear your palate for a bouquet 
of marjoram, fennel, sage, Italian citrus and liquorice. The flavour profile of O’ndina 
matches its vivacious attitude which is inspired by the effortless glamour and di-
stinctive waves of colour, taste and style of the coveted Italian Riviera. O’ndina has 
two signature serves which are: O’ndina Gin&Tonic and the all-Italian Negroni. The 
refreshing gin is a first-class choice for versatility in mixology and is 45% ABV.
6160 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 32:
Our MasTEr 
Distillers and 
MasTEr Blenders
WILD TURKEY
Jimmy and Eddie Russel
Nicknamed ‘Master Distiller of Master Distillers’ by his col-
leagues in the industry, James C. ‘Jimmy’ Russell has been dis-
tilling Wild Turkey in Lawrenceburg (Kentucky) for 69 years, 
making him the longest-serving active Master Distiller in the 
world today. He grew up five miles from the distillery and 
learned the traditions and techniques of hand-crafted bour-
bon from his father and grandfather, becoming a Master 
Distiller in the late 1960s. His successes are recorded in the 
United States Congressional Record, and he is also a lifetime 
honourary member of the Executive Council of the Kentucky 
Distillers’ Association, an honour bestowed on only five other 
people in the Association’s 134-year history.
Jimmy has passed on his knowledge to his youngest son, Ed-
die, the third generation Russell to work at the Wild Turkey 
Distillery in Lawrenceburg, Kentucky. Eddie Russell began his 
career at the distillery as a relief operator, eventually promoted 
to supervisor of new production and then warehouse supervi-
sor. After two decades in the business, he assumed the posi-
tion of manager of barrel maturation and warehousing. In this 
role, he collaborated with his father to create Russell’s Reserve 
10-Year-Old, an award-winning small-batch bourbon that has 
since evolved into a stand-alone portfolio of Russell’s Reserve 
whiskies, coveted by whiskey collectors around the world. Ed-
die’s legacy also includes the introduction of Wild Turkey Bour-
bon (originally called Wild Turkey 81), a premium bourbon that 
can stand up to any mixer with the bold, spicy taste that is dis-
tinctively Wild Turkey. In 2010, Eddie joined his father and other 
greats in the Bourbon industry when he was inducted into the 
renowned Kentucky Bourbon Hall of Fame™.
A few years later, Eddie earned the illustrious title of Master 
Distiller and joined his father at the distillery’s helm. Eddie and 
Jimmy are also now joined by Eddie’s son Bruce who recently 
stepped into the role of associate blender and becomes the 
fourth generation Russell to make whiskey at Wild Turkey.
APPLETON ESTATE
Joy Spence
Dr. Joy Spence is the first woman to hold the position of 
Master Blender in the spirits industry. After graduating from 
the University of the West Indies with a Bachelor of Science 
Degree, First Class Honours, Joy spent some years teaching 
chemistry, before moving to England to pursue a Master of 
Science degree in Analytical Chemistry at the University of 
Loughborough, where she also graduated with honours. Joy 
joined Appleton Estate as Chief Chemist in 1981, gaining the 
title of Master Blender in 1997, where her remarkable sensory 
skills found their perfect muse. During the last 40 years, Joy 
has created some of the finest, most highly awarded rums in 
the world. Joy’s hard work and dedication, not only to Ap-
pleton Estate, but to the country of Jamaica and the global 
rum industry, earned her one of the highest Jamaican ci-
vilian commendations possible in 2017-‘Order of Distinction’ 
Rank Commander-in addition to two honourary doctorate 
degrees, a Grand Dame Award for ‘Most Influential Female 
in the Spirits Industry’ from Tales of the Cocktail, and being 
named one of Fortune Magazine’s ‘Most Influential Women 
in Food&Drink’. In 2018, Joy was the first woman to receive 
the Jamaica Prime Minister Medal for Science and Technolo-
gy, continuing her trailblazing journey. Joy’s amazing career is 
chronicled at Joy Spence Appleton Estate Rum Experience at 
the Appleton Estate Distillery in St. Elizabeth Parish, Jamaica. 
Jimmy and Eddie Russel
THE GLENGRANT
Dennis Malcolm
Few in the worldwide spirits industry share the whisky-mak-
ing lineage of Dennis Malcolm. The GlenGrant Master Dis -
tiller Dennis Malcolm has over 60 years of experience in the 
Whisky industry and has worked for The GlenGrant for over 
5 decades. Scotland’s longest serving Distiller, Malcolm was 
born at The GlenGrant distillery in 1946, where both his fa-
ther and grandfather worked. He began his career in 1961, 
as an apprentice cooper at age 15 in the same place he now 
serves as Master Distiller.
Malcolm’s careful craftsmanship and attention to detail distill-
ing and blending The GlenGrant whiskies has received world-
wide acclaim. In 2013, Malcolm welcomed Prince Charles to 
the distillery to officially open a new bottling plant and was 
inducted into the Whisky Magazine Hall of Fame in 2014. 
In 2015, he received the first-ever Spirit of Speyside award 
for his achievements in the industry. Dennis also went on 
to receive the Whisky Advocate Lifetime Achievement Award 
in 2015 and was honoured with the International Wine and 
Spirits Competition’s Outstanding Achievement in the Scotch 
Whisky Industry Award the same year. In 2016, he was recog-
nised for his service by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, when 
he was named as an Officer of the Most Excellent Order of 
the British Empire for his contributions and years of service 
to the business and community of Speyside.
GRAND MARNIER AND BISQUIT&DUBOUCHÉ
Patrick Léger
Patrick Leger was born in 1969 in the Cognac region in south-
western France in a family of wine growers, producers and 
distillers. Thanks to the immediate influences in his environ-
ment, he developed a natural passion for cognac at a very 
young age.
Patrick’s formal education culminated with a master’s in busi-
ness management after studying oenology with several ex -
periences in French vineyards as Champagne, Alsace, and 
Bordeaux. Following his studies, he was hired at the French 
brand Alizé in 1990 where he sharpened his knowledge and 
experience across several categories including cognac, li-
queurs, and beer. Nearly 15 years later, he joined the Camus 
company as Master Blender, where he would formulate his 
signature vision for Cognac, hone his craft, and develop the 
distillation method that would reveal the terroirs and grape 
varieties of the region. He joined General Management in 
2010 and was dually entrusted in 2012 with the management 
of Camus wine. In 2015, Patrick joined the Bord de Lambay 
Irish Company and a year later he was appointed Chairman 
of the Management Committee of Chateau Loudenne.
His appointment as Director of Operations of Marnier-Lap-
ostolle Bisquit in 2020 by Campari Group, marked Patrick’s 
return to the spirits world at the Maison Grand Marnier and 
Maison Bisquit&Dubouché. In his role as Master Blender, 
Patrick oversees the global relaunch of Bisquit&Dubouché 
Dennis Malcolm
Joy Spence
6362 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 33:
Cognac, the iconic 200 year-old French brand, as well as the 
full Grand Marnier proposition. A passionate advocate for 
the safe-keeping of the cognac appellation, Patrick is acting 
Vice President of the Technical Commission and permanent 
member of the Committee of the National Cognac Bureau.
HERBALIST&MASTER BLENDER, ITALIAN ICONS
Bruno Malavasi
With a passion for pharmaceutical botany, and the world 
of medicinal plants, Bruno Malavasi studied Pharmaceutical 
Chemistry&Technology, specializing in Clinical Chemistry&Bi-
ochemistry. Bruno’s fascination with the many uses for plants 
and botanicals drove him to study the infinite fragrances 
and tastes which can be obtained from them. This led him 
to leave his job in a pharmaceutical company for Campari 
Group in December 1995 with the aim of blending art and 
science to maintain and advance the Campari Group’s lega-
cy. In his 27 year-long career with Campari Group, Bruno has 
always been in contact with the wealth of aromatic herbs that 
make the Italian Icons’ recipes so famous.
Starting out as a Technical Inspector working with all the 
Campari Group plants, Bruno would always pass by the herb 
department, waiting for his moment to enter. After 10 years, 
the occasion came when Bruno became a substitute in the 
‘control rooms’ of the weighing systems. That was the mo-
ment when he took his first steps in the secret world of bo-
tanicals and recipes, beginning his journey to become the 
man behind the Italian Icons portfolio. In 2007, Bruno earned 
an Executive Master of Business Administration (‘EMBA’) at 
The University of Bologna before being appointed Head of 
Product Innovation in 2009, which cemented his capabilities 
in new product development. In 2011, Bruno became Global 
Formula&Process Director, thanks to his extensive knowledge 
of botanicals, and that was the moment he formally became 
Herbalist&Master Blender. Since then, Bruno has been re-
sponsible for the management of aromatic herbs from a 
360-degree perspective. He oversees the selection of suppli-
ers, the resource planning, and the purchase and implemen-
tation of herbal blends to produce Campari Group’s beloved 
Italian brands, including Vermouth, Aperitif&Amari, and Gin. 
In 2018, Bruno was also appointed as Head of Global R&D 
at Campari Group, with the aim of further streamlining the 
innovation processes and the development of new products 
across the entire company portfolio.
From Botanicals Director, Bruno has been recently appointed 
to the role of Master of Botanicals, focusing on Botanicals’ 
long term sustainable sourcing strategy, overseeing the field-
to-bold processes of the Group’s Botanicals and Herbs and 
ensuring a robust knowledge transfer for the years to come. 
TEQUILA BRANDS
Jesus Susunaga Acosta
You would be hard pressed to find a spirits category that Je-
sus Susunaga Acosta has not studied. From the Cognac hous-
es of France and the vermouth facilities of Italy to the histor-
Bruno Malavasi
Patrick Léger
Bill Ashburn
ic distilleries of Scotland, the Caribbean and England, Jesus 
has explored spirit production and history around the world. 
One thing persisted: tequila has always been his first love. An 
alumni of Bacardi, where he spent 16 years, Jesus joined Cam-
pari Group in 2021 and leads the team at Casa San Nicolás 
(NOM: 1440) as Maestro Tequilero with proven passion and 
focus. In Jalisco, Mexico, site of the Arandas plant, Jesus helps 
oversee the entire Casa San Nicolás product line, contribut -
ing to the maintenance of the highest quality standards of 
the present award-winning Mexican spirits, including Espolón 
and Mayenda Tequilas. Jesus also teaches at the Universi -
dad Autonoma de Guadalajara, the very institution where he 
earned a Master’s Degree in Tequila Processing.
FORTY CREEK
Bill Ashburn
An esteemed Master Blender with more than 35 years of 
experience in the spirits industry, Bill Ashburn masterfully 
blends whiskies at the helm of Forty Creek. Since 1992, Bill 
has supported Forty Creek’s vision to elevate the standard of 
Canadian whiskies by creating new expressions that appeal 
to global and national audiences, earning him the title of 
Canada Master Whisky Blender of the Year in 20206.
Driven by his desire to both challenge and honour tradition 
while delivering flavour-forward Canadian Whiskies, Bill is in-
Jesus Susunaga Acosta
timately involved with each step of the rigorous Forty Creek 
process, from aging and blending to bottling and warehous-
ing. No whisky has ever left the distillery without first receiv-
ing Bill’s coveted stamp of approval. He has helped define a 
new narrative for Canadian Whisky that earned Forty Creek 
the title of Whisky Maker of the Decade in 20207.
BUISQUIT&DUBOUCHÉ
Vincent Chappe
Born in Jarnac, the same area of the Cognac region as 
Bisquit&Dubouché, Vincent Chappe serves as Global Am-
bassador of La Maison Bisquit&Dubouché. Vincent hails from 
a long generation of vine growers, distillers, and packagers 
of Cognac. The family business of Cognac, coupled with his 
extensive experience over the years working in spirits, has 
allowed him to develop an in-depth understanding of the 
unique facets involved in crafting and distributing cognac 
around the world.
Vincent began his career with cognac in 1980, when he 
worked for the family business, doing estate and distillery 
management at his mother’s side, and packaging goods with 
his father. He obtained his degree in Business Management 
in 1992, from the IFG (French Institute of Management), and 
initially enhanced his skills at wine estates, distilleries and 
packaging design and goods plants in France between 1980 
6  New York International Spirits Competition, 2020.
7  Canadian Whisky Awards, 2020.
6564 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 34:
and 1998. In 1999, he joined the L&L Group as Purchasing 
and Marketing Director, and in 2005, he was appointed as 
the Global Sales&Marketing Director at Domec Packaging 
Cy, where he was in charge of Global Packaging Solutions 
for renowned spirits sold around the world. 2009 witnessed 
the beginning of a new era and a new collaboration, when 
Vincent became the guardian, representative and President 
of Bisquit&Dubouché, upon the acquisition of the brand by 
Distell Group (South Africa) from Pernod Ricard. A prestig-
ious French cognac with over 200 years heritage, recognised 
for its rebellious spirit, Bisquit&Dubouché was established in 
France in 1819 by Alexandre Bisquit and Adrien Dubouché. In 
a four-year span, the brand doubled its distribution globally, 
following a significant repositioning, led by Vincent. He se-
cured key positions on the brand including a Cellar Master, 
distillers, operations, supply chain, marketing, and customer 
service roles. Through Vincent’s efforts of working intimately 
with the farmers/growers, merchants, and coopers in Co-
gnac, Bisquit&Dubouché established long-term partnerships 
and contracts that serve as the basis for the business and 
growth it sustains today.
In 2018, the brand was acquired by Campari Group, and 
along with it, Vincent. As Global Ambassador of La Maison, 
Vincent aims to put a spotlight on the farmers and region 
of Cognac. He is passionate about educating the premium 
spirits world and global consumers on the unique differenti-
ator of the Bisquit&Dubouché distillation method, expanding 
the brand that is long-renowned for its excellence and lux -
uriousness. Elected Member of the Permanent Committee 
of the National and Interprofessional Cognac Bureau (BNIC) 
Vincent Chappe
CHAMPAGNE LALLIER
Dominique Demarville
Dominique was born in Ardennes, France in 1967, and be-
gan his studies in the Agricultural School of Rethel in 1984. 
After completing his technical degree in Oenology and Viti-
culture at Lycée Viticole de la Champagne in Avize, he con-
cluded his academic education with a specialised two-year 
degree in Oenology at the University of Burgundy, Dijon. A 
passionate student, he studied winemaking in several corre-
sponding regions: Alsace, Burgundy (in Vosnes-Romanée), 
Bordeaux (Margaux), Rilly-la-Montagne and in Champagne, 
in Aÿ (birthplace of Lallier). Dominique served in leading 
cellar positions in several smaller houses in Mesnil-sur-Oger 
and Epernay, honing his skills. In 1994, he was first named 
winemaker and subsequently, Cellar Master in 1998 at Cham-
pagne G.H.Mumm. In 2003, he became Director of Vines and 
Wines for both G.H.Mumm and Perrier Jouët. In this role, he 
had the opportunity to introduce sustainability into the man-
agement of the vineyard and the winery: he understood the 
importance of respecting the origin of the grapes, the blend-
ing, and the people to enhance the style of each house. In 
July 2006, Dominique lent his expertise and talents to Veuve 
Clicquot, where he served as Deputy Cellar Master and as 
Chef de Caves in March 2009.
In 2020, Campari Group acquired Champagne Lallier, the 
first French champagne acquisition by the global Italian spir-
its giant. Dominique Demarville joined the Group and the 
Maison in January 2021 as Cellar Master and General Man-
ager and has put his passion and decades-long expertise 
to reach the brand’ ambitions. His objective with Lallier is to 
promote the importance of terroir in winemaking and blend-
ing in Champagne, to provide transparency and sustainabil-
ity in the Lallier range.
between 2014 and 2018, he has remained President of the 
Commission of Communication since 2014.
TROIS RIVIÈRES-MAISON LA MAUNY
Daniel Baudin
Daniel Baudin was born in 1962, in Fort-de-France, in the 
district of Redoute. His career path into spirits was a perhaps 
unconventional one, as initially, Daniel intended to be a phy-
sician. At the Séminaire Collège (Fort-de-France), he received 
his scientific baccalaureate, but his studies were interrupted 
by a call of duty to the military service in 1982, which would 
ultimately change his career path forever.
At the same time as he served, he attended night classes in 
the agri-food sector. Intrigued by this world and following his 
stint in the military, Daniel changed direction and enrolled 
at the Lycée de Trinité, where he earned his Brevet de Tech-
nicien Supérieur (‘BTS’). In 1985, Daniel was offered a position 
as Laboratory Manager at the Bacardi distillery where he be-
came responsible for the storage, aging, laboratory analysis, 
and export of rums. In 1992, Daniel was contacted by the 
president of the Technical Center of Cane and Sugar (‘CTCS’) 
and thus developed the information transmission and con-
sulting division of the CTCS. One year after such accomplish-
ment, Daniel crossed paths with the owner of Rhums Trois 
Rivières and returned to the spirits industry, where he would 
hold several positions at the future bottling plant in Sainte 
Luce: Customs Manager, Chain Manager, Personnel Manag-
er, Quality Manager and overseeing organoleptic tastings. 
In 1994, Bellonnie&Bourdillon Successeurs acquired Trois Riv-
ières, and Daniel oversaw the relocation of the bottling line 
Dominique Demarville
and numerous cellars of Trois Rivières, from Sainte Luceto Riv-
ière-Pilote. Daniel’s talents were recognised in 2012 by Cyrille 
Chevrillon (former Bellonnie&Bourdillon Successeurs owner), 
who entrusted him with the creation of a special cuvée as a 
tribute to his wife, Princess of Broglie: The Cuvée Princesse. 
In 2018, Trois Rivières VSOP won the prestigious prize for 
the Best Rum in the World at the International Wine&Spirit 
Competition (‘IWSC’) and in London, the Innovation Award 
from the Regional Agri-Food Pole of Martinique in the Terroir 
category for the creation of the Maison La Mauny Ratafia 
in 2019, and the award for the Best Rum Producer and best 
Spirits Producer in the World in 2020 at the IWSC.
Daniel received one of the top awards of his entire career as 
Cellar Master in 2019, when he was honoured at the annual In-
ternational Rum Conference in Miami as World’s Best Rum Cel-
lar Master. This same year (2019), Campari Group acquired the 
brands, Trois Rivières and La Mauny, still under Daniel’s purview.
With nearly 30 years’ experience in the world of rum, over a 
hundred vintages created, and a trademark tasting technique 
that he has developed on his own, Daniel now trains the next 
generation in the mastery and the technique required to pro-
duce some of the finest rums in the world, while he continues 
to innovate and collect medals for distinctly Martinican rum 
gems Trois Rivières and La Mauny.
Daniel Baudin
6766 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 35:
The governance  
model8
8 For further information, please refer to the ‘Corporate Governance’ section of the Campari Group consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2023.
Davide Campari-Milano 
N.V. (the ‘Company’ 
and, together with 
its subsidiaries, the 
‘Group’) is a public 
limited liability company, 
incorporated under the 
laws of the Netherlands.
Campari’s shares are listed on the Euronext Milan organ -
ised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the ‘Italian 
Stock Exchange’).
As regards its corporate governance, the Company complies 
with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the ‘DCGC’) 
which contains principles and best practice provisions that 
regulate relations amongst the Board of Directors, the stake-
holders and the general meeting of shareholders (‘General 
Meeting’) for listed companies. Such principles may be re-
garded as reflecting the general views on good corporate 
governance and create a set of standards governing the 
conduct of the listed companies’ corporate bodies.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted a one-tier governance structure. 
It has a board of directors (‘Board of Directors’) consisting of 
11 directors, comprising both executive directors, having re-
sponsibility for the day-to-day management of the Company 
(‘Executive Directors’), and non-executive directors (‘Non-Ex-
ecutive Directors’), not having such day-to-day responsibility 
but in charge of supervising the Executive Directors.
The Board of Directors is entrusted with the management of 
the Company. Each Director has a duty to the Company to 
properly perform the tasks assigned to each of them and to 
act in the Company’s corporate interest.
In accordance with the DCGC, the Board of Directors fo-
cuses on long-term value creation for the Company and its 
affiliated enterprise and takes into account the stakeholders’ 
interests that are relevant to this context.
The Board of Directors was appointed by the General Meet-
ing held on 12 April 2022. The Directors will remain in office 
for a three-year period expiring at the closure of the Annual 
General Meeting to be held in 2025.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors is non-executive.
Emmanuel Babeau, Margareth Henriquez, Jean-Marie Labor-
de, Christophe Navarre and Lisa Vascellari Dal Fiol are quali-
fied as independent directors within the meaning of DCGC.
The table above shows that (i) the Board of Directors counts 
three women out of eleven members; (ii) most of the board 
members have an international background.
Pursuant to the new Dutch Act on gender diversity (Wet inzake 
evenwichtige man vrouwverhouding in de top van het bedri-
jfsleven), on 21 February 2023 the Board of Directors has set 
appropriate and ambitious gender diversity target figures for (i) 
the Executive Directors, (ii) the Non-Executive Directors and (iii) 
the Senior Management, drawing up a plan to achieve these 
targets. The gender diversity target figures and the plan for 
their achievement have been determined as follows:
•  Executive Directors: at least 33.33% female and 33.33% 
male Executive Directors by the Board of Directors’ re-
newal in 2028;
•  Non-Executive Directors: at least 40% female and 40% 
male Non-Executive Directors by the Board of Directors’ 
renewal in 2025;
•  Senior Management: at least 40% female and 40% male 
members of Senior Management by the end of 2027. 
According to Campari Group organisation, Senior Man-
agement includes all members of global, regional and 
local leadership teams in charge of leading business, 
functional teams and people. This foresees four layers 
(internally named Senior Executive, Executive, Senior 
Management and Management), to include from top to 
all positions reporting to general managers in big, me-
dium and smaller markets (it does not include coordina-
tors, supervisors, senior specialists, even if with people 
management responsibilities).
Name Principal position Nationality Gender Age range
Luca Garavoglia Chairman Swiss M >50
Robert Kunze-
Concewitz Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer Austrian M >50
Paolo Marchesini Executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Italian M >50
Fabio Di Fede Executive Director, General Counsel and Business Development Officer French M >50
Alessandra 
Garavoglia Non-Executive Director Maltese F >50
Eugenio Barcellona Non-Executive Director1, 2 Italian M >50
Emmanuel Babeau Non-Executive Director2 French M >50
Margareth Henriquez Non-Executive Director Venezuelan F >50
Jean-Marie Laborde Non-Executive Director1 French M >50
Christophe Navarre Non-Executive Director2 Belgian M >50
Lisa Vascellari Dal Fiol Non-Executive Director1 Italian F 30-50
1 Member of the Control and Risks Committee.
2 Member of the Remuneration and Appointments Committee.
The table below shows the members of the Board of Directors at 31 December 2023:
6968 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 36:
Within the above-specified timeframe, these targets will be 
pursued in the renewal of the Board of Directors and in the 
hiring and resources management process.
Please refer to the ‘Corporate Governance’ section of the 
Campari Group consolidated financial statements at 31 De-
cember 2023, for further information on the composition 
(e.g.: tenure, other positions and commitments, competen-
cies relevant to the impacts of the organisation, etc.), nom-
ination and selection, conflicts of interest and the Board of 
Directors’ performance evaluation.
The Board of Directors and the senior executives are com-
mitted to the development and approvement of the organi-
sation’s mission, strategies, policies, and goals related to sus-
tainable development and discuss such matters in particular 
during the approval of the annual Sustainability report.
In this respect, the Non-Executive Directors contribute to cre-
ating long-term value by:
•  Monitoring progress on the Global Sustainability Strat -
egy and approving the Non-Financial Declaration con-
tained in the Annual Report and the Sustainability report; 
•  As members of the Control and Risks Committee, they 
regularly examine ESG matters, including sustainability, 
diversity and climate implications addressing relevant ac-
tions in the Sustainability report accordingly.
Campari Group’s Global Sustainability Strategy embeds me-
dium and long-term environmental targets, the Global Strat-
egy on Responsible Consumption, the Global framework on 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and long-term commitments. 
Moreover, the Control and Risks Committee assesses Cam-
pari Group’s sustainability strategy by examining the report 
concerning the quality, health, safety, and environmental as-
pects of all the Group’s production plants.
Specifically, the Board of Directors, through the Executive 
Managing Directors and the relevant corporate functions, 
oversees the organisation’s due diligence and other pro-
cesses to identify and manage the organisation’s impacts on 
economy, environment, and people.
The Board of Directors considers the outcomes of the pro-
cesses mentioned above and reviews their effectiveness dur-
ing specific meetings, at least on an annual basis on the 
occasion of the approval of the annual Sustainability report, 
by also interacting with the relevant corporate functions.
The Company provides an open and constructive dialogue 
with its stakeholders. Conversations with investors on ESG 
matters primarily take place during investor roadshows, in-
vestor conferences, and company visits as well as in General 
Meetings that serve as a forum for shareholders to engage 
with the Board of Directors; in fact, stakeholders can interact 
with the Board of Directors by submitting specific questions 
on the occasion of the Annual General Meeting.
The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and ap -
proving the information, including the organisation’s material 
topics, included in the Sustainability Declaration contained in 
the Annual Report and in the Sustainability report. Such reports 
are approved annually during the meeting for the approval 
of the annual financial statements held in the first months of 
every fiscal year and are also examined by the Annual General 
Meeting. The Board of Directors reviews the adequacy of the 
organisation’s internal controls to strengthen the integrity and 
credibility of the organisation’s sustainability reporting.
Critical concerns, if any, are identified through the internal risk 
management and control systems and communicated to the 
Control and Risks Committee and the Board of Directors. For 
further information on this matter, please refer to the ‘Corpo-
rate Governance’ section of the Campari Group consolidated 
financial statements at 31 December 2023. No critical concerns 
occurred and were communicated during the reporting period.
In order to advance the collective knowledge, skills, and experi-
ence in sustainable development, the newly appointed Deputy 
CEO has been involved in an induction session on sustainabili-
ty and will take part in specific initiatives related to ESG matters.
Alongside the role played by the Control and Risks Commit-
tee and the Board of Directors, the Sustainability corporate 
function is responsible for managing the organisation’s im-
pact on economy, environment, and people. The Sustaina-
bility corporate function reports to the Executive Managing 
Directors at least on an annual basis on the occasion of the 
approval of the annual Sustainability report.
With the submission of the new remuneration policy to the 
Annual General Meeting on 11 April 2024, it will be proposed 
to the shareholders to adopt a new long-term variable incen-
tive for the Executive Directors consisting of a share-based 
incentive, an annual combination of restricted stock units 
(RSU) and performance share units (PSU) as approved from 
time to time by the General Meeting (Grant). The number 
of PSUs that will vest after three years will be determined on 
the achievement of the following financial and non-financial 
performance measures: the relative TSR (total shareholder 
return), and the Renewable Energy Adoption target. Such 
equity-based award will aim to align the Executive Directors’ 
interests with shareholders’ interests, by providing the Ex -
ecutive Director the opportunity to benefit from long-term 
success by acquiring a proprietary interest in the Compa-
ny. In addition, the new long term remuneration component 
will strengthen the remuneration policy’s function of creating 
sustainable value in the long-term through the introduction 
of the environmental target.
COMMITTEES
The Company has established two internal committees with-
in its Board of Directors: (i) a Control and Risks Committee, 
which operates as an audit committee pursuant to Dutch law 
and the DCGC, and (ii) a Remuneration and Appointment 
Committee. The composition of the committees is determined 
by the Board. The Control and Risks Committee currently in-
cludes Jean-Marie Laborde (chairman), Eugenio Barcellona 
and Lisa Vascellari Dal Fiol. The Control and Risk Commit -
tee also deals with overseeing sustainability issues related to 
the company’s operations and interactions with stakeholders. 
The Remuneration and Appointment Committee currently 
includes Eugenio Barcellona (chairman), Emmanuel Babeau 
and Christophe Navarre. The Remuneration and Appointment 
Committee’s aim is to submit a clear and understandable pro-
posal to the Board of Directors for the remuneration, make a 
proposal concerning the remuneration of the individual Exec-
utive Directors and monitor the adequacy of the remunera -
tion policy and its application and prepare the remuneration 
report, taking into account the requirements of the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code and matters required by law.
The above committees are responsible for opinion issuing 
and for overseeing the management of the organisation’s 
impacts on economy, environment, and people.
The Board remains collectively responsible for the opinion 
issued by the committees. Each committee may exercise 
only those powers explicitly granted by the Board while it 
may never exercise powers beyond those exercisable by the 
Board as a whole.
For further information on the composition, appointment 
and selection of the committees, please refer to the ‘Corpo-
rate Governance’ section of the Campari Group consolidat-
ed financial statements at 31 December 2023.
SUPERVISORY BODY
In addition to the Non-Executive Directors charged with the 
supervision of the Executive Directors, the Company also 
has a supervisory body (Organismo di Vigilanza) appointed 
according to the ‘Organisation, Management and Control 
Model’ (the ‘Model’) pursuant to the Italian Legislative Decree 
231 of 8 June 2001.
The Organismo di Vigilanza is composed of Enrico Colombo 
(chairman), Fabio Facchini and Lisa Vascellari Dal Fiol.
INTERNAL AUDIT SYSTEM
As Chief Financial and Operating Officer, Paolo Marchesini 
is responsible for overseeing the functionality of the internal 
control and risk management system.
The Board of Directors appoints the Head of Internal Audit 
upon the proposal of the Chief Financial and Operating 
Officer and along with the opinion of the Control and Risks 
Committee.
7170 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 37:
The IA Department is an independent function in charge of 
assuring that the company’s internal control, risk manage-
ment and governance processes operate effectively. IA re-
ports its findings, conclusions and recommendations to the 
Board of Directors and the Control and Risks Committee.
Internal auditors operate in conformity with applicable laws 
and regulations and the activities of the IA Department are 
conducted in accordance with the Institute of Internal Audi-
tors’ International Standards for the Professional Practice of 
Internal Auditing (IIA Standards) as well as the organisation’s 
Code of Ethics. In addition, the IA Department has adopted 
data analytics, continuous monitoring and process mining 
methodologies to improve operational efficiency for compli-
ance and audit purposes.
Pursuant to Law 179 of 29 December 2017, concerning ‘Provi-
sions for the protection of those who report crimes or irreg-
ularities of which they have become aware in the context of a 
public or private employment relationship’, Camparistas may 
report any breaches, even if only suspected, of the Group’s 
Code of Ethics or Legislative Decree 231 of 8 June 2001, using 
the following means:
•  Ordinary mail addressed to the company, to the atten-
tion of the Supervisory Body or the Head of the Internal 
Audit function;
• E-mail to: organismo231@camparigroup.com;
• Through the ‘Campari Safe Line’ service, described below.
‘Campari Safe Line’ is the whistleblowing service set up by 
the Company which may be used not only by Camparistas, 
but also by suppliers, customers and anyone who deals with 
Campari Group and becomes aware of illegal activities car-
ried out within the Company.
Reports to the ‘Campari Safe Line’ may be submitted, in 
various languages, by telephone, e-mail, post, fax or online. 
Each report must be fully documented and addressed to the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Head of the IA 
function in strict confidence. In fact, whistleblowers are guar-
anteed maximum protection, ensuring in advance that they 
are protected against any act of retaliation or discrimination, 
direct or indirect, due to whistleblowing.
STATUTORY AUDIT OF THE ACCOUNTS
The Company has an external auditor, i.e., EY N.V., in charge 
of examining the annual report approved by the Board of 
Directors and of consequently releasing its opinion. EY S.p.A. 
verifies that the Sustainability Report complies with the GRI 
Standards, the global standards for sustainability reporting.
7372 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 38:
DAVIDE CAMPARI-MILANO N.V.
100%
Campari America Llc
98.81%
Campari Argentina S.a.
1.19%Campari Do Brasil Ltda.
100%
Forty Creek Distillery Ltd.
100%
Campari Do Brasil Ltda.
0.0001% Campari Schweiz A.g
100%
CT Spirits Japan Ltd.
100%
Campari Singapore Pte Ltd.
99.99%
Campari India Private Ltd.
0.01% Campari Australia Pty Ltd.
100%
Campari Australia Pty Ltd.
100%
Campari (Beijing) Trading Co. Ltd.
100%
Glen Grant Ltd.
61.01%
Campari Benelux S.a.
38.99% Glen Grant Ltd.
100%
Campari Deutschland Gmbh
100%
Campari Schweiz A.g.
100%
Campari Austria Gmbh
100%
Campari Rus Llc
99%
Campari Ukraine Llc
1.00% Campari Rus Llc
50%
Dioniso S.r.l.
25%
Catalyst Spirits Limited
100%
Campari Hellas Single Member Société Anonyme
100%
Société Des Produits Marnier
Lapostolle S.a.
100%
Camparino S.r.l.
100%
Campari International S.r.l.
100%
Terrazza Aperol S.r.l.
100%
Campari España S.l.u.
99%
Campari Mexico S.a. De C.v.
1% Campari America Llc
51%
Licorera Ancho Reyes Y Cia, S.a.p.i. De C.v.
51%
Casa Montelobos, S.a.p.i. De C.v.
99.92%
Campari Peru Sac
0.08% Campari Do Brasil Ltda.
100%
J. Wray & Nephew Limited
15%
Monkey Spirit Llc
70%
Wilderness Trail Distillery, LLC
100%
Campari New Zealand Ltd.
10%
Thirsty Camel Limited
51%
Trans Beverages Company Ltd.
40%
Spiritus Co Ltd.
100%
Campari South Africa Pty Ltd.
100%
Campari France S.a.s.
100%
Tannico & Wineplatform S.r.l.
96.53%
Bellonnie Et Bourdillon Successeurs S.a.s.
100%
Champagne Lallier S.a.s.
100%
Scev Des Gloriettes
95%
Scea Eric Luc
100%
Wilderness Trace Distillery, LLC
99.99%
Campari Mexico Destiladora S.a. De C.v. 
0.01% Campari America Llc
68.5%
Ventealapropriete.com S.A.S.
100%
Sci Athena
100%
Distilleries Agricoles De Sainte Luce S.a.s.
75%
Scea Trois Rivières
25.00% Bellonnie Et Bourdillon Successeurs S.a.s.
Semea Americas Ncee Apac
For more information on the Group structure, please refer to 
the Campari Group consolidated financial statements at 31 
December 2023.
The Campari Group’s chart at 31 December 
2023 is shown here below.
7574 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 39:
GLOBAL 
SUSTAINABILITY 
STRATEGY
7776 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 40:
INDEX >
In 2020 Campari Group formalised and disclosed its sus -
tainability commitments into a roadmap, an agreed frame-
work to focus investment and drive performance towards 
specific priorities within each area and that reflect the 
company’s values and culture. During 2023, the company 
continued to implement the initiatives aimed at achieving 
its global targets.
As its business grows, Campari Group constantly comes 
across new opportunities to generate positive economic, so-
cial and environmental impacts. A culture of ethics permeates 
the entire company, ensuring that every business is always 
managed with probity and integrity.
Campari Group’s approach to sustainability identifies the fol-
lowing four areas through which the Group’s commitment to 
creating value in each business area is structured:
In 2020 the Group reconsidered its sustainability priorities, 
defining a short-to-medium-term roadmap to which all major 
global functions contributed, and this was validated at the 
end of the year by the top management. The roadmap led to 
key actions being defined in the three areas of sustainability 
considered to be the most relevant at this time for a compa-
ny of the spirits sector: our people, responsible drinking and 
the environment. In the area of people, particular attention 
was paid to the themes of diversity, equity and inclusion, an 
ethical and moral imperative for a multinational company in 
which positive and productive interaction, cooperation and 
synergy between people, cultures and experiences drives 
business growth, value creation and organisational perfor-
mance. Based on these considerations, the Group drew up 
its Diversity, Equity&Inclusion strategy, which determines the 
approach and provides a framework for everyone within the 
company to be empowered and encouraged to contribute 
to the company journey and support a culture of inclusion. 
Regarding the responsible drinking area, a global strategy 
with internal and external short and medium-term initiatives 
has been established, with the aim of raising awareness and 
educating the company’s key stakeholders, starting with 
Camparistas, bartenders and consumers, about correct and 
responsible consumption and communication of the Cam-
pari Group’s products and alcoholic beverages in general. In 
the environment area, particular importance has been given 
to energy, water and waste, for which reduction and efficien-
cy targets have been set for 2025 and 2030, which will be 
made possible through the implementation of specific global 
projects, with an ambition to reach net zero emissions by 
2050 or sooner. Finally, the Group is committed to promot -
ing community projects especially in the areas of education, 
culture, and work.
OUR PEOPLE  - RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES  - ENVIRONMENT - COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
9 Scope 1 and 2.
10 Scope 1, 2 and 3.
11 Water withdrawal/litres produced. 
12 Former target of -40% (L/L) in 2025 and -42.5% (L/L) in 2030 revised in 2023 following very positive performance results in 2022.
OUR PEOPLE
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION, LEARNING 
AND DEVELOPMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY
•  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (‘DEI’): consistent and in-
tentional strategy on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion that 
will sustain and enable continuous workplace improve-
ment and business results. Specific targets on female 
representation have been defined for Executive and 
Non-Executive Directors and for the Management.
•  Development Culture: establishing integrated proces-
ses across the organisation to support the develop-
ment of Camparistas at individual and company level.
•  Sustainable improvement in the health and safety 
management system through the realisation of initia-
tives in specific fundamental areas.
ENVIRONMENT
ENERGY AND GHG EMISSIONS
•  Achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 or, hopefully, sooner.
•  Reduce greenhouse gas (‘GHG’) emissions intensity (kg 
CO2 /L) from direct operations9 by 55% by 2025, by 70% 
by 2030 and by 30% from the total Supply Chain 10 by 
2030, with 2019 as a baseline.
•  90% renewable electricity in all Group’s production 
sites by 2025.
Water:
•  Reduce water usage intensity  (L/L) 11 by 60% by 2025 
and by 62% by 2030, with 2019 as a baseline 12.
•  Continue to ensure the safe return of wastewater from 
direct operations to the environment.
Waste:
• Zero waste to landfill from direct operations by 2025.
RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES
EDUCATION AND INVOLVEMENT WITH REGARD 
TO RESPONSIBLE DRINKING
•  The Campari Group’s Global Strategy on Responsi -
ble Drinking was formalised in 2020, identifying inter-
nal and external initiatives to be implemented in the 
following years.
•  Ad hoc and continuous training for the global mar -
keting community , going into digital communica -
tion in great depth.
•  Educational sessions on responsible drinking for 100% 
of Camparistas.
•  Responsible serving project for bartenders further re-
inforced at global level.
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
EXPORTING BEST PRACTICES ACROSS KEY MARKETS
•  Strong commitment to work, education and culture will 
continue to be key for Campari Group.
•  Best local practices will be exported to other geogra-
phies around the world.
•  Continuous involvement in the art world through spon-
soring major events, collaborating with renowned art-
ists and further developing iconic brand houses and the 
Campari Gallery.
•  Strong support to business partners through activations 
and events, being committed to playing a major role in 
the comeback of the on-premise channel.
•  Through its Foundations around the world, the Group 
promotes assistance, training, education and charity in 
favour of Camparistas and local communities.
THE CAMPARI GROUP’S SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENTS ARE DISCLOSED BELOW.
7978
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 41:
INDEX >
As a consequence of its relevance in Campari Group’s stra-
tegic planning, sustainability has also gained a central con-
sideration in the establishment of the Group’s financial plans. 
Therefore, in order to further advance the sustainability 
strategy and commitments the Group has started leveraging 
some innovative sustainable finance instruments, which make 
it possible to direct financial resources in support of sustain-
able initiatives while also reflecting targets and achievements 
in the Group’s financial structure.
In 2021 Campari Group launched its first ESG share buyback 
program, whose success led to a second one launched in 
2022. The outperformance amounts deriving from the reward 
mechanism were allocated to the installation of photovoltaic 
panels in the Italian plants of Novi Ligure and Canale d’Alba 
and at the Jamaican production site.
In October 2022, the Group entered into a 3-year bilateral 
loan linked to the achievement of KPIs related to GHG emis-
sion intensity reduction and water usage intensity reduction.
The latest initiative in 2023 was a sustainability-linked facility 
for a total amount of €800 million. The agreement consists of 
a term facility of €400 million and a revolving facility of the 
same amount, with the participation of a pool of nine banks. 
The facility provides for a variable component of the interest 
rate applicable to the Loan depending on the achievement 
of certain ESG targets identified by Campari Group and re-
lated to environmental and social sustainability, in particular 
emission reductions, responsible use of water and gender 
equality. Specifically, the Group commits to reduce GHG 
emissions intensity (kgCO2/L) from the total value chain 
(Scope 1, 2 and 3) by 30% by 2030, to lower water usage in-
tensity (L/L) by 60% by 2025 and by 62% by 2030, and to el-
evate female leadership increasing the proportion of women 
in management roles to 40% by the end of 2027. Depending 
on the annual achievement of each target, the Base Margin 
of both facilities will be adjusted upwards or downwards. The 
transaction is in line with Campari Group’s goal of fully inte-
grating sustainability strategy into its business activity, includ-
ing financing, aimed at contributing to the attainment of the 
Sustainable Development Goals (‘SDGs’) established under 
the UN 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda.
The Sustainability strategy and its implementation are under 
the responsibility of the following bodies and functions.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
•  Approves and monitors progress on the Global Sustai-
nability Strategy;
•  Approves the Sustainability Disclosure in the Annual Re-
port and the Sustainability Report.
THE CONTROL AND RISKS COMMITTEE
•  Monitors progress of the Global Sustainability Strategy.
THE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
•  Eight members: Group Head of Public Affairs, Corpora-
te Communications and Sustainability, Group Head of 
Human Resources, Group Head of Supply Chain, Head 
of Global Quality, R&D and Environmental Sustainability, 
Group Head of Marketing, Group Financial Planning and 
Analysis, IFRS Consolidated Financial Reporting, Investor 
Relations and Corporate Finance Senior Director, Group 
Internal Audit Senior Director and Corporate Communi-
cations Director;
•  Meets periodically to: evaluate and propose cross-fun-
ctional sustainability projects and activities and validate 
the materiality analysis.
THE SUSTAINABILITY TEAM
•  Ensures the sustainability strategy is embedded into pro-
cesses and practices;
•  Drives the implementation of the Global Sustainability 
Strategy in cooperation with the main corporate functions; 
•  Reports progress to the Chairman and to the Leader-
ship Team;
•  Supports the Sustainability Committee and coordinates 
its activities;
•  Supports Investor Relations and Corporate Communica-
tion in sharing and communicating sustainability updates 
to external stakeholders.
As it continues to split up its business structure into divisions 
and expand its geographical and market reach, Campari 
Group has had to formalise its key principles in documents that 
constitute the pillars of its sustainable way of doing business.
The values and lines of conduct that inspire the activities 
of each Camparista and the entire Group are set out in the 
Group’s main policies and codes of conduct, detailed in the 
table below.
Name Year Description
Code of Ethics Latest version 
approved on 27 
October 2020
The Code of Ethics reaffirms the principles of fairness, loyalty and professional integrity that 
form the basis of the work and behaviour of those operating in the Group, both in terms of 
internal relations and in terms of relations with third parties (the Code of Ethics is available 
at https:/ /www.camparigroup.com/CodeOfEthics ) and to improve internal awareness and 
compliance an e-learning training course is available to all Camparistas; for production 
operators, in-person training courses were held.
To ensure compliance with the Code of Ethics and its correct interpretation pursuant to 
Legislative Decree 231/2001, a Supervisory Body was established, appointed by the Board of 
Directors, with autonomous operational and control powers. Any violations or conduct not 
consistent with the Code may be reported anonymously to the Supervisory Body through 
Campari Safe Line, the whistleblowing channel available to Camparistas and external 
stakeholders, accessible through different channels (telephone, e-mail, mail, fax or online 
platform) and available in several languages.
In addition to the Code of Ethics, the Business Conduct Guidelines also aim to ensure the 
utmost integrity in professional life.
Sustainability 
governance  
and policies
8180
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 42:
INDEX >
Anti-corruption, anti-
bribery and antitrust 
policies
2023 Specifically with regard to anti-corruption and bribery, anti-trust, data privacy and conflicts 
of interest the Group has established a multi-year process to strengthen its compliance 
management system. In this context, to further enhance Group’s awareness, new global policies 
dedicated to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, as well as antitrust have been published in 2023 
and dedicated training sessions are scheduled for 2024.
In Italy, pursuant to Legislative Decree 231 of 2001, the 231 Model, which governs specific 
control systems, is aimed at preventing the crimes covered by the aforementioned decree and 
in particular those against the public administration, corporate and financial crimes and crimes 
committed in violation of workplace health and safety regulations. The Company has appointed 
a single supervisory body to verify the effectiveness of the Model and to update it.
The main tools for mitigating corruption risk are the Code of Ethics, the Business Conduct 
Guidelines and ongoing training of Camparistas on the Group’s policies. In particular, relations 
with public and private entities are regulated in the Code of Ethics as follows:
•  It is absolutely forbidden to promise or offer public officials, employees or other 
representatives of the public administration payments or other benefits in order to 
promote or favour the Group’s interests; 
•  It is absolutely forbidden to promise or offer employees or other representatives of 
institutions, political parties, trade unions and associations payments or other benefits in 
order to promote or favour the Group’s interests; 
•  In all cases, it is forbidden to accept gifts or favours, the value of which, taking into 
account the circumstances under which they were offered, could have even a slight impact 
on the selection of supplier or counterparty, or on the terms and conditions of a contract.
The Model is approved by the Board of Directors, published on the corporate website and 
communicated to all new employees and to the Group’s business partners through the Code 
of Ethics and the Supplier Code. Specific training activities aimed at raising awareness of 
the regulations contained in the decree are tailored to the different roles of employees and 
the level of risk in the area in which they work, also taking into account whether they act as 
representatives of the Company. Violations of the Code of Ethics may result in termination 
of the relationship of trust between the Group and the recipients, with the consequences 
for the employment/collaboration relationship specified in current legislation and collective 
agreements. In 2023, we received reportings which could indicate bribery and corruption which 
we have follow-up adequately and concluded that no bribery and corruption occurred.
Policy on the 
Use of Electronic 
Communications and 
Information Systems
Latest version 
released in April 
2022
This policy has been issued to promote the correct use of IT and electronic communication 
systems in order to protect its IT assets and all its stakeholders; the Privacy Policy applying to 
the processing of employees’ personal data was also updated.
Privacy Policy Latest version 
released in 
December 2021
The Global Privacy Notice explains how personal information is collected, used, disclosed, and 
otherwise processed by Campari Group in connection with its services.
Internal Policy on 
Alcohol Consumption
2021 The policy is aimed at all Camparistas and those who work with Campari Group to promote its 
brands (i.e., agents and brand ambassadors) to ensure that every employee always promotes 
responsible and measured consumption of alcoholic beverages, both in and out of the 
workplace, by encouraging and practicing responsible behaviours and lifestyles. Proper training 
is currently being implemented in the Group’s geographies.
Code on Commercial 
Communication
2010 and further 
revised in 2021
The Code on Commercial Communication is a reference document to guide and inspire 
advertising and marketing initiatives, according to the Group core values and meeting the 
highest standards of legality, decency, honesty and fair business practices, and encouraging 
responsible drinking worldwide, in a traditional convivial way. The Code, adopted on a voluntary 
basis, applies across all markets and guides every aspect of commercial communication 
activities, confirming the Group’s strong commitment towards the responsible marketing of 
alcoholic beverages across all media. A global e-learning program on the Code’s principles, 
dedicated to the functions involved in commercial communication, has been developed. 
For more information on the Campari Group Code on Commercial Communications, please 
download the full document available at Campari Group | Code on Communication.
Diversity Policy 2020 In accordance with best practice provision 2.1.5 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
the Board of Directors prepared and adopted a diversity policy, establishing the Company’s 
commitment, setting objectives, and putting in place monitoring and reporting procedures 
in order to guarantee that the differences in skills and backgrounds of the Board’s members 
reflect the diverse nature of the environment in which the Group and its stakeholders operate, 
thus improving the Group’s effectiveness through diversity of approach and thought.
Employees and 
Human Rights Policy
2017 The Group adopted a policy on human rights and personnel management, which has been 
signed by the Group Officers, defining the Group’s position with respect to issues related 
to human rights, working conditions, training and employees’ well-being and formalising its 
commitment to playing an active role in the protection of human rights within its sphere of 
influence. The Employees and Human Rights Policy, which applies to all Group members, 
was communicated to all Camparistas, in multiple languages, using the main internal 
communication tools and made public in the Governance and Sustainability sections of the 
Group’s website13 . Campari Group checks for the compliance of all its operating units with 
its human rights commitments through its grievance mechanisms, continuously ensuring 
the effectiveness of its whistleblowing procedures for reporting any illegal behaviour and/
or irregularities through the Campari Safe Line. In 2023, there were no reports of human 
rights violations. The principles and provisions of the Code of Ethics and the Employees 
and Human Rights Policy also apply to the Group’s suppliers. Campari Group also supports 
the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour 
Organisation’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. The Group ensures 
legal compliance with national legislation on human rights in the countries in which it operates. 
In the event of any divergence between the content of the Group’s policies and national 
regulations, the Group always applies the most stringent requirements. The risk of failure to 
comply with laws and regulations, including internal policies, is continuously monitored for all 
Group’s legal entities and organisational activities in all its geographical regions.
Supplier Code 2013 with subsequent 
revisions
The Supplier Code summarises the principles and founding values that underlie every business 
relationship. By signing this document, each supplier assures that its operations comply with the 
ethical requirements of Campari Group, helping to establish transparent, lasting and profitable 
relationships. The Group will continue to extend the range of suppliers to which the Supplier Code 
applies, including non-product-related suppliers. Moreover, the Global Procurement Policy sets the 
guiding principles and rules to be followed in the procurement process. The document reinforces 
compliance and the principles laid down in the Campari Group Code of Ethics. Campari Group 
also adopted a Global Procurement Policy, which sets the guiding principles and rules that all 
Camparistas shall follow when participating in the procurement process. The document reinforces 
compliance and the principles laid down in the Campari Group Code of Ethics.
Quality, Health, 
Safety and 
Environment Policy
2013 The Group Quality, Health, Safety and Environment (‘QHSE’) policy governs and protects the 
environment, health and safety of its employees and consumers as well as the quality and food 
safety of products. This policy, which is regularly reviewed to keep it in line with the nature and 
size of the Group and its corporate objectives, applies to all company locations and divisions. 
These are responsible for amending the policy to align with the specific characteristics of 
quality, health, safety, environment and sustainability of the location concerned. The policy is 
also shared with all suppliers, funders and employees.
13  www.camparigroup.com/en/governance www.camparigroup.com/en/sustainability
8382
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 43:
INDEX >
The risk management and internal control system is an in-
tegral part of Campari Group’s operations and culture and 
supports the efficiency and effectiveness of business pro-
cesses, the reliability of financial and sustainability informa-
tion and compliance with laws and regulations.
Campari Group has a risk management system in place aimed at 
identifying, assessing, managing and monitoring potential events 
or situations that could potentially impact the Group’s activities 
and the achievement of its objectives. The tool implemented to 
identify, assess and monitor corporate risk is based on the logic 
of Self-Risk-Assessment (‘SRA’), which provides for self-assess-
ment and direct participation by operational management and/
or other operators responsible for risk assessment.
The SRA involves individuals globally at local, business unit and 
Group level and its objectives can be summarised as follows:
•  H elp the business to promptly identify risks and conse-
quently make strategic and operational decisions;
•  Strengthen the understanding of the Group’s risk profile 
to allow decision makers to analyse risks and monitor 
how they evolve over time;
•  E nsure the traceability of risk assessment activities that 
provide the foundation for the financial and sustainabil-
ity information communicated to stakeholders. 
To assess the effectiveness of this framework and identify 
opportunities for improvement, the internal control system is 
subject to annual verification and updating to ensure that it 
is always a suitable instrument of control over the business’s 
principal areas of risk. Campari Group operates at three lev-
els of internal control:
•  F irst level: structures responsible for individual risks, for 
their identification, measurement and management, as 
well as for performing the necessary checks;
•  Second level: departments responsible for supporting 
management with setting policies and procedures and de-
veloping process and controls to manage risks and issues;
•  Third level: this provides independent and objective 
assurance of the adequacy and effective operation of 
the first and second levels of control and, in general, of 
the overall way of managing risks. This activity is carried 
out by the Internal Audit function which operates inde-
pendently; assessment of the controls may require the 
definition of compensating controls and plans for reme-
diation and improvement. The results of the monitoring 
activity are subject to periodic review by management.
In accordance with international best practices, controls put 
in place by Campari Group can be preventive (i.e., designed 
to prevent errors or fraud) or detective (i.e., designed to re-
veal errors or fraud that have already occurred). An assess-
ment of the design and operating effectiveness of key con-
trols is carried out by the Internal Audit function.
The Control and Risks Committee, External Auditors and 
Board of Directors monitor the effectiveness of Campari 
Group’s internal control and risk management system.
In 2023, Campari Group’s risk management and internal control 
system, implemented by the Internal Audit function, operated 
as designed, as no significant failings were identified in both 
financial and sustainability disclosures. For continuous improve-
ment purposes, the Group undertook initiatives to reinforce 
its internal control system. Examples related to 2023 include 
the implementation of new compliance controls through data 
analytics, a global stock count program and data analytics and 
process mining initiatives connected to the implementation of 
SAP S/4HANA (i.e., the integrated enterprise resource planning 
suite developed by SAP). It should also be noted that the In-
ternal Audit function carries out specific audits in the area of 
sustainability with the aim of verifying the process of collecting, 
calculating and transmitting information relevant to the prepa-
ration of the Sustainability Report. In particular, in 2023, the 
Sustainability Internal Audit activities concerned the following 
countries: China, Scotland and Jamaica.
RISK APPETITE
Campari Group sets its risk appetite within risk-taking and 
risk acceptance parameters driven by the applicable laws, the 
Code of Ethics, core values and corporate policies. Campari 
Group operates within a relatively low overall risk range, in-
herent to its activities and strategy. The Group’s risk appetite 
differs by risk category, as set out below:
Risk management  
and internal  
control system
It is important to highlight that within the current macro-
economic landscape, production activities, the entire value 
chain, and the execution of Campari Group’s strategies are 
susceptible to the impacts of climate change. These impacts 
encompass both acute and extreme unpredictable events, 
as well as chronic factors such as rising temperatures and 
drought, presenting physical risks. These risks have the 
potential to disrupt local supply chains, modify industrial 
processes, impact sales seasonality, and cause damage to 
products, consequently disrupting production at certain facil-
ities. In addition to the ongoing development of emergency 
plans, business continuity assessments, and backup scenari-
os, alongside the establishment of global insurance policies, 
the Group is actively working on a series of initiatives aimed 
at decarbonising both its production activities and the overall 
value chain, as outlined in its Net Zero journey. This includes 
managing water demand during peak production periods to 
ensure business continuity and adopting a circular approach 
within its production sites.
The Group systematically assesses risks of various natures that 
could influence sustainable business operations. These risks 
are categorised according to their overall exposure, assigning 
them a designated priority. This classification enables a fo-
cused approach towards addressing the most pertinent risks. 
The expectation is that these risks will be mitigated through 
meticulously planned initiatives, aiming to restrict them to a lev-
el aligning with the predetermined risk appetite. This approach 
is consistently maintained with the foresight that risk manage-
ment will be an integral part of regular business proceedings.
The main risks to which the Group is exposed are noted 
in the next paragraph, while financial risks disclosures are 
detailed in the Campari Group consolidated financial state-
ments at 31 December 2023.
Regarding overall performance, the Group also proved re-
silient in 2023 and continued focusing on sustainable long-
term growth and brand building, amidst a challenging polit-
ical and economic landscape.
MAIN RISKS FOR CAMPARI GROUP
The main risks to which the Group is exposed are shown 
below: the list is a comprehensive view of the risk exposure 
from both the financial and sustainability perspective. The 
risks described in this paragraph are fairly consistent with 
those disclosed in 2022.
The representation does not include all risks associated with 
Campari Group’s business, and the order of presentation 
does not imply a list of priorities. Additional risks not known 
or currently deemed to be less significant could have a neg-
ative effect on the Group’s performance.
Risk Category Category Description Risk Appetite
Strategic Risks related to Campari Group’s business strategy that 
could affect its long-term positioning and performance.
Campari Group is prepared to take risks in a responsible 
way that takes stakeholders’ interests into account 
and is consistent with the Group’s growth strategy by 
maintaining a very disciplined financial approach.
Operational Risks impacting internal processes, people, systems and/
or external resources that affect the Group’s ability to 
pursue its strategy.
Campari Group looks to mitigate operational risks to the 
maximum extent based on cost/benefit considerations.
Financial Risks relating to uncertainty of return and financial loss 
due to financial performance.
Campari Group has a cautious approach with respect to 
financial risks. Through debt capital market transactions, cash 
balances and bank credit line agreements, Campari Group 
seeks to maintain a debt/capital structure profile that achieves 
investment in long-term goals and rewards stakeholders.
Compliance Risks of non-compliance with laws, regulations, local 
standards, Code of Ethics, internal policies, and 
procedures.
Campari Group holds itself and its employees responsible 
for acting with honesty, integrity, and respect and strives to 
comply with the Group’s Code of Ethics, applicable laws, 
and regulations at all times everywhere the Group operates.
8584
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 44:
INDEX >
Risk Area Risk 
category Sub-risks and definitions Remediation actions and mitigation plans
Risks relating 
to Campari 
Group’s 
dependence 
on consumer 
preferences 
and habits 
and 
propensity to 
spend
Strategic 
risks
A critical success factor in the beverage industry is the 
ability to interpret consumer preferences and tastes 
and to continually adapt sales strategies to anticipate 
market trends and developments. Preferences and tastes 
can change in unpredictable ways due to a variety of 
factors, such as changes in demographics, consumer 
health and wellness, concerns about obesity or alcohol 
consumption, product attributes and ingredients, and 
negative publicity resulting from regulatory action or 
litigation against Campari Group. If the Group’s ability 
to understand and anticipate consumer tastes and 
expectations and to manage its own brands were to 
cease or decline significantly, this could have a major 
impact on its activities and operating results. Moreover, 
the unfavorable economic situation in certain markets, 
the heightened macroeconomic volatility, inflation, a 
downturn in economic conditions, or a rise in prices that 
may reduce disposable income, may dampen consumer 
confidence, making consumers less likely to buy drinks 
and reduce their demand for products in the spirits 
and wine categories in general. Unfavourable economic 
conditions could also cause governments to increase 
taxes on beverage alcohol to attempt to raise revenue, 
reducing consumers’ willingness to buy products.
Trends in the spirits sector have accelerated sharply 
during the pandemic and are now gradually 
normalising with consolidation of the key trends 
that have underpinned the industry, such as 
premiumisation and the rise of the at-home occasion.
Campari Group leverages a diversified portfolio of 
brands to ensure coverage of consumer occasions, 
trends and prices and constantly monitors consumer 
trends at market and brand level. Campari Group is 
continuing to monitor the macroeconomic scenario 
and the markets in which it operates, the behavioural 
patterns of its consumer base, the Group’s financial 
position and the results of its operations.
Risks 
relating to 
dependency 
on the sale of 
key products 
and the 
seasonality 
of certain 
Campari 
Group 
products 
Strategic 
risks
A significant proportion of Campari Group’s sales 
are focused on certain key brands, such as Campari 
Group Global Priorities. Accordingly, any factor 
adversely affecting the sale of these key products 
could adversely affect Campari Group’s results from 
operations and cash flows. In addition, sales of certain 
Campari Group products are affected by seasonal 
factors due to different consumption patterns or 
consumer habits. In particular, aperitif consumption 
tends to be concentrated in the hottest months 
of the year (May to September), whereas sales of 
other products, such as sparkling wines and spirits, 
are concentrated in the last quarter (September to 
December). Seasonal consumption cycles in the 
markets in which Campari Group operates may have 
an impact on its financial results and operations. 
Although Campari Group has a global presence, 
most of its revenue is in the northern hemisphere 
and unseasonably cool or wet weather in the summer 
months can affect sales volumes.
Mitigation actions include investments in products’ 
success and growth to increase brands value and 
the Group’s diversified portfolio of products and 
brands. In order not to be excessively exposed to 
seasonal peaks, the Group is developing initiatives 
to de-seasonalise the consumption moments of 
the main brands, with particular attention to the 
aperitif segment, guaranteeing constant consumption 
throughout the year. The initiatives were carried 
out through the development and strengthening 
of Group communication via a multiple-channel 
approach and focusing particularly on digital 
channels, used by consumers to inform themselves 
about brands and products and the related 
consumption experiences.
Risks relating 
to a decline 
in the social 
acceptability 
of Campari 
Group’s 
products or 
governmental 
policies 
against 
alcoholic 
beverages -
Responsible 
Practices
Strategic 
risks
Campari Group’s ability to market and sell its alcoholic 
beverage products depends heavily on both society’s 
attitudes towards drinking and government policies 
that flow from those attitudes. Also, the Group’s 
reputation may be impacted by consumers’ misuse 
of alcoholic beverages. In recent years, increased 
social and political attention has been directed at 
the alcoholic beverage industry. This attention has 
focused largely on public health concerns related 
to alcohol abuse, including drinking and driving, 
underage drinking, and health consequences from 
the misuse of alcoholic beverages. Although Campari 
Group has a global presence, alcohol critics in Europe 
and the United States increasingly seek government 
measures to make alcoholic beverages more 
expensive including through tax increases for certain 
product categories, restricting their availability, and 
making it more difficult to advertise and promote. If 
the social acceptability of alcoholic beverages were to 
decline significantly, sales of Campari Group products 
could materially decrease. Campari Group’s sales 
would also suffer if governments banned or restricted 
advertising or promotional activities, limited hours 
or places of sale, or took other actions designed to 
discourage alcohol consumption.
The Group constantly monitors regulatory changes 
and consumer trends at market level, promotes 
responsible drinking initiatives and continues to 
promote a culture of quality and responsibility, 
including via communication and awareness-raising 
activities and actions, also carried out in collaboration 
with the main trade associations, positioning itself as 
a responsible global player in the beverage industry. 
In 2010, the Group adopted a Code on Commercial 
Communications on a voluntary basis, which has 
been recently updated. Mandatory training on the 
Code’s principles is provided for all Camparistas 
involved in communicating and marketing the Group’s 
products, as well as for all the new hires. Furthermore, 
the Responsible Serving Guidelines aim at defining 
the essential guidelines for the responsible serving 
of alcoholic beverages, while the Internal Policy 
on Responsible Alcohol Consumption seeks to 
encourage employees to always adopt responsible 
consumption patterns. Proper training is currently 
being implemented in the Group’s geographies. 
A ‘Global Strategy on Responsible Drinking’ 
was adopted in 2020, setting short-to-mid-term 
commitments and the related internal and external 
global initiatives to be undertaken in this area.
Risks relating 
to adverse 
macro-
economic 
and business 
conditions 
and 
instability in 
the countries 
in which 
the Group 
operates
Strategic 
risks
Global economic conditions and conditions specific 
to the markets in which Campari Group operates 
could substantially affect its profitability and cash 
flows. Operating in emerging markets makes 
the Group vulnerable to various risks inherent in 
international business, including exposure to an often 
unstable local political and economic environment 
which may impact the ability of the Group to trade 
locally and the ability of the Group’s counterparts 
to meet their financial obligations, exchange-rate 
fluctuations (and related hedging issues), export and 
import quotas and limits or curbs on investment, 
advertising or repatriation of dividends. 
In fact, despite the global economy proving more 
resilient than expected in the first part of 2023, 
the growth outlook remains weak, with growth 
expected to slow down to 2.7% in 2024, according 
to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (‘OECD’) forecast. The largest 
contribution to global growth is expected to come 
from Asia, despite the weaker-than-expected recovery 
in China. In Europe the economy is likely to remain 
sluggish in the near future.
It is difficult to determine the breadth and duration 
of the economic and financial market problems and 
their potential effects on consumers of the Group’s 
products and on its suppliers, customers and business 
in general. Continuation or a further worsening of 
these difficult financial and macroeconomic conditions 
could materially and adversely affect Campari Group’s 
sales, profitability and results from its operations.
The ongoing and persistent geopolitical uncertainty, 
primarily stemming from the conflicts in Russia-
Ukraine and in Israel-Palestine, remains a risk factor in 
the global economic landscape.
In addition, upcoming election cycles in the US and 
Europe are likely to lead to increased volatility.
The Group constantly monitors developments in the 
global geopolitical environment that could require a 
review of the current corporate strategies and/or the 
introduction of measures to safeguard its competitive 
positioning and performance. In addition, the Group 
constantly monitors and assesses the markets in which 
it operates, as well as customers’ behavioural patterns.
8786
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 45:
INDEX >
Risks 
relating to 
acquisitions
Strategic 
risks
Campari Group expects that the ongoing 
consolidation within the spirits business will continue. 
It will therefore continue to evaluate potential 
acquisitions, incurring additional indebtedness 
to finance them. If the pursuit of an opportunity 
is successful, the subsequent integration of the 
businesses acquired poses significant challenges in 
terms of effort and costs that may have an adverse 
effect on Campari Group’s financial performance and 
cash flows from its operations. This is the case if the 
Group is unable to implement its acquisition strategy 
and/or realise the full intended benefits of synergies, 
namely in case of acquisitions in markets outside of 
those in which the Group currently operates due to 
unfamiliar regulatory and competitive environment.
Campari Group performs in-depth preliminary 
analyses supported by actual and prospective 
economic data to select acquisitions that are optimally 
compatible with the Group’s long-term objectives. 
After the acquisition the Group constantly monitors 
the contribution of new businesses acquired to the 
overall Group’s performance and the cash flow 
generation through the synthetic net debt/EBITDA 
index. Dedicated procedures and internal resources 
have been established and allocated to oversee 
and coordinate the integration of newly acquired 
businesses, aiming to make the integration process as 
smooth and efficient as possible.
Risks relating 
to market 
competition 
and the 
consolidation 
of 
participants 
in the 
beverages 
industry
Strategic 
risks
The Group is part of the alcoholic and non-alcoholic 
beverage sector, where there is high competition and 
a vast number of operators. The main competitors 
are large international groups operating aggressive 
strategies at a global level and benefiting from 
significant financial resources and from a very 
diversified portfolio of brands and geographical 
areas, which could imply a reduction in the number of 
distribution outlets available to the Group or involve 
higher distribution costs. The Group’s competitive 
position vis-à-vis these major global players makes its 
exposure to market competition particularly significant. 
The second layer of competitors are independent 
wholesalers and retailers which offer other products, 
sometimes including their own brands, which directly 
compete with Campari Group’s products by limiting 
available shelf space in retail stores. If independent 
wholesalers and retailers give higher priority to 
other brands, purchase less of or devote inadequate 
promotional support to Campari Group brands, it 
could materially and adversely affect the Group’s sales 
and reduce the Group’s competitiveness.
The Group constantly monitors the industry dynamics 
of mergers and acquisitions and the initiatives taken 
by competitors, regularly invests in advertising and 
promotion initiatives to reinforce its brand equity 
in order to ensure the success and growth of its 
product, as well as to expand its customer base. 
E-commerce is also increasingly becoming an 
alternative to traditional distribution channels, and 
which is monitored as an opportunity for the Group 
to gain greater flexibility.
Risk of 
reputation 
and branding 
Strategic 
risks
Brands represent a key asset and might be exposed to 
several threats, including unauthorised reproduction/
imitation of products and negative social media 
coverage. In particular, inadequate brand protection 
or poor intervention to address counterfeiting of 
the Group’s products increases the threats posed 
by illicit products, including harm to consumers and 
damage to the Group’s and brands’ reputation. In 
addition, the constant increase in the number and 
importance of social media exposes the Group to 
the risk of harmful media messages as it might be a 
victim of a malicious attack or as a consequence of 
a communication incident. As a result, the Group’s 
products and reputation might be negatively or not 
correctly perceived by the public, impacting on the 
brands’ performance and cash flows.
The Group constantly monitors the markets in which it 
operates as well as customers’ behavioural patterns. In 
addition, social media guidelines were implemented 
and an internal awareness initiative on social media 
security was launched.
Risks relating 
to the 
disruptions or 
termination 
of Campari 
Group’s 
arrangements 
with the 
Group’s 
third-party 
manufacturers 
or distributors 
Strategic 
risks
The production and distribution of the Campari 
portfolio is carried out, for the vast majority, directly 
by Campari Group. However, Campari Group relies 
upon third parties (including key customers in specific 
geographies) to distribute, and in some cases also 
produce or copack, its own brands in a number of 
markets under licensing arrangements. The use of or 
reliance on third parties for these functions entails 
risks, including the risk of termination of licences 
and of delays or disruptions in production and 
distribution. Disruption or termination of Campari 
Group’s present arrangements with these third parties 
without having suitable alternative arrangements in 
place could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, resulting from its operations and/or 
financial condition.
The Group put into practice the signing of licensing 
agreements with various trusted third parties to avoid 
concentration on a few counterparties.
Exchange-
rate and 
other 
financial risks
Strategic 
and 
Financial 
risks
While Campari Group reports its financial results 
in Euros, the Group’s portfolio of brands generates 
sales and costs throughout the world in a variety of 
currencies. With the Group’s international operations 
outside the Euro area growing, significant fluctuation 
in exchange rates could have a negative impact 
on the Group’s activities and operating results. In 
general, economic volatility or failure to react quickly 
enough to changing monetary policies and economic 
conditions (including currency instability), could 
impact the Group’s financial performance.
The Group closely monitors its performance and key 
business drivers by Region, to be able to quickly adapt 
to changing market conditions. Furthermore, permanent 
Group operations in countries such as the United 
States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Jamaica, Brazil, 
Canada, Russia and Argentina, allow this risk to be 
partially hedged, given that both costs and revenues 
are broadly denominated in the same currency.
For a more comprehensive analysis of the Group’s 
financial risks, please refer to note 7 ii.-‘Nature and 
extent of the risks arising from financial instruments’ 
of Campari Group consolidated financial statements 
at 31 December 2023.
Risk of 
inflation 
Strategic 
and 
Financial 
risks
According to the OECD, the global economy 
continues to confront the challenges of elevated 
inflation, low growth and comparatively weak trade. 
Although headline inflation has been declining 
(it is projected to continue receding gradually in 
G20 countries from 6.0% in 2023 to 4.8% in 2024), 
it remains above central banks’ targets in many 
countries. Interest rates are expected to remain high 
with the aim to tackle inflation.
If inflation continues to prove more persistent than 
projected, consumer behaviour could be negatively 
affected, as consumers may have reduced disposable 
income and be less likely to buy drinks, therefore 
reducing their demand.
Campari Group constantly monitors consumer trends 
at market and brand level. In addition, Campari 
Group is continuing to monitor the macroeconomic 
scenario and the markets in which it operates as well 
as the behavioural patterns of its consumer base.
Risk relating 
to inability 
to attract 
and retain 
qualified 
personnel-
Our people
Operational 
risks
Campari Group’s success depends on the efforts 
and abilities of its senior management team and 
key employees. The loss or retirement of senior 
management or other key personnel, or an inability to 
identify, attract and retain qualified personnel in the 
future, may make it difficult for the Group to manage 
its business and could adversely affect its operations 
and financial results with the risk of not being 
responsive in seizing new opportunities and adapting 
to change. A high turnover rate and difficulty in filling 
key positions could also have a demotivating impact 
on existing teams with the potential of slowing down 
the implementation of key projects for the Group.
The Code of Ethics reaffirms the Group’s principles 
and commitment with respect to the themes relating 
to human resources and the work environment. 
The Policy on Employees and Human Rights defines 
the Group’s position with respect to issues related to 
working conditions, training and employees well-
being. Training and professional development is a 
key area of focus for Campari Group, and the Group 
will continue to expand its learning offer mainly 
leveraging on online tools. 
Specific activities to improve Camparistas’ well-being 
and work-life balance are constantly promoted in all 
Group locations. The Group also established talent 
reviews programs, succession plans, and retention 
plans for key resources, as well as monitoring 
employee satisfaction and talent recruiting programs.
To ensure that the remuneration system for all 
Camparistas is based on the criteria of fairness and 
transparency, Campari Group uses the internationally 
recognised IPE (International Position Evaluation) 
methodology. Two major Reward and Recognition 
initiatives have also been implemented: Employee 
Stock Ownership Plan (‘ESOP’) and Restricted Stock 
Units (‘RSU’) Mid-Term Incentive Plan.
A global framework to foster diversity, equity, and 
inclusion in the workplace was adopted in 2020 to 
nurture a corporate culture in which people feel 
welcome, empowered and encouraged to bring 
their whole self to work. The Compensation and 
Benefits policies were revised in 2023, resulting in the 
development of key equity programs: Gender Fair Pay 
and Parental Leave policy.
In 2023, the Leadership and Management 
Development solutions available to Camparistas were 
expanded including a program targeted specifically at 
plant supervisors in Supply Chain.
Employees’ 
satisfaction, 
diversity, 
equity and 
inclusion-Our 
people
Operational 
risks
Being a multinational organisation, Campari Group 
faces the challenge of managing a diverse workforce 
and could fail to respond to the needs of its 
employees, not being able to create a healthy and 
positive work environment which is an indispensable 
condition for ensuring the Company’s success and 
growth. On the other hand, Campari’s ability to create 
a positive work environment that fosters employees’ 
satisfaction, diversity, equity, and inclusion could 
play a key role in attracting and retaining qualified 
personnel, with positive impacts on the Group’s long-
term value creation.
8988
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 46:
INDEX >
Risk 
relating to 
unavailability 
and cost of 
materials
Operational 
risks
The Group’s ability to produce and sell products 
depends upon the availability of key materials and 
services.
The current geopolitical and macroeconomic 
landscape continues to affect international trade, in 
terms of disruptions/bottlenecks in transport and 
high cost of components/raw materials. The risk is 
that the Group could face unpredictable events in 
terms of supply challenges that could have a negative 
impact on the Group’s results and cash flow.
In addition, changes in exchange rates, and inflation 
on prices for raw materials or commodities (alcohol, 
aromatic herbs, sugar, agave and cereals) may not 
be offset by higher prices applied on the sale of the 
Group’s products. The price of raw materials depends 
on a vast multiplicity of unpredictable factors out of the 
Group’s control. The risk is that the Group could face 
negative effects on its financial results and cash flows.
To mitigate those risks, safety stocks are kept available 
in key locations; capital investments are made to 
increase the Group’s production capability and, 
whenever possible, contracts with multiple suppliers 
are in place.
In addition, the Group has implemented actions 
to reduce fluctuations in raw material prices, 
including signing co-investment agreements with 
local agricultural producers to ensure an adequate 
supply of high-quality agave. The benefits of these 
investments will probably only be observable in the 
medium term, given the long natural growing process 
of plants such as agave. Moreover, to mitigate these 
risks of energy price increases resulting in higher 
transportation, freight and other operating costs for 
the Group with an indirect impact on the purchase 
of key packaging and ancillary materials, such as 
glass, the Group is constantly reviewing procurement 
policies to maximise efficiency and the collaboration 
with key suppliers.
Risk related 
to climate 
change 
and natural 
disasters-
Environment
Operational 
risks
Production activities and implementing the Group’s 
strategies are subject to the effects of natural events. 
Climate and environmental changes, some of which 
could have a significant impact, could interfere with 
local supply chains and harm some customers. These 
events are generally unpredictable and may affect 
the seasonality of sales, just as natural disasters (such 
as hurricanes) may damage products and disrupt 
production at some plants.
The Group monitors climate changes and consequent 
environmental risks, has emergency plans in place and 
continuously develops plans to deal with such crises. 
The Group counts compliance with regulations and with 
local and international standards among its priorities, 
together with business continuity assessment, back-up 
scenarios and global insurance policies.
Campari Group recognises the importance of 
focusing on the overall climate change risk and 
promotes responsible use of resources and a 
reduction of the environmental impact in its value 
chain and throughout its global supply chain, 
acknowledging the need to limit global temperature 
rises to no more than 1.5°C, in accordance with the 
Paris Agreement. In this context, Campari Group 
has adopted an environmental policy that applies 
to all company locations and divisions and has set 
up a structure to control environmental pollution, 
waste, and water disposal. The Group closely 
monitors energy consumption and carbon dioxide 
emissions and undertakes initiatives to reduce them 
by increasing the use of lower-emission energy 
sources. The Group has also set specific targets in line 
with the UN Sustainable Development Goals aimed 
at reducing Green House Gas (GHG) emissions 
deriving from the Group’s direct operations and 
the overall supply chain, and at increasing the use 
of renewable electricity in its production sites. The 
effects of climate change vary from geography to 
geography; in Martinique for example the Group is 
facing more and more droughts and it thus started 
to implement a new major irrigation project on its 
owned land, which will be fully operational in 2026, 
aimed at reusing water to irrigate the land. Also in 
the Jalisco area (Mexico), where water scarcity can 
affect both production continuity and the ability to 
supply agricultural materials, the Group is developing 
specific activities aimed at reducing its environmental 
impact while managing the demand for water during 
peaks in production activity and ensuring business 
continuity, including the installation of a dedicated 
water tank and a distillery sludge treatment plant to 
treat wastewater.
Environmental 
impact of 
operations-
Environment
Operational 
risks
The Group is aware of the environmental impact 
generated by its operation and activities (in terms 
of CO2 emissions, energy management, water 
management, and waste management) and how 
its inability to manage it could negatively affect 
its reputation, revenues and profits. In addition to 
external stakeholders paying greater attention to the 
Company’s non-financial performance:
•  High industrial energy consumption leads to an 
increase in GHG emissions (thus contributing to 
climate change and global warming) and to a 
rise in energy prices and volatility;
•  The most water-intensive activities may impact 
water availability especially in geographic 
locations where water-related challenges are 
more pronounced;
•  Hazardous and/or improper waste storage or 
disposal may contaminate surrounding water and 
lands.
The QHSE policy was adopted in 2013 and applies to 
all Company locations and divisions.
The Group’s environmental performance is certified through 
international standards (ISO14001/EMAS/ISO50001).
Campari Group has set up a structure to control 
environmental pollution, waste, and water disposal 
and defined and disclosed specific environmental 
targets aligned with the UN SDGs to be reached by 
2025 and 2030.
In 2023 the Group defined its first high-level Net 
Zero roadmap including actions to deliver the 2025 
and 2030 commitments, as well as direction activities 
reaching beyond the 2030 target. The initiatives 
are aimed at reducing the environmental impacts 
from manufacturing, materials and services used, 
introducing sustainable practices across the value 
chain. Regarding waste the Group aims to achieve 
zero waste to landfill across its production sites 
by 2025 and is thus adopting a circular approach, 
through different local initiatives aimed at optimising 
the use and disposal of materials, improving 
efficiency, increasing recycling, recovery and reuse 
processes. With regard to water management, the 
Group is implementing local interventions and making 
investments in its plants according to the Group water 
reduction program with the goal to reduce the use of 
water by 60% by 2025 and by 62% by 2030.
Risk 
relating to 
disruption in 
information 
technology 
systems
Operational 
risks
The Group depends on its information technology 
and data processing systems to operate its business. 
Campari Group introduced smart working in 2018 
and is engaged in major projects that leverage 
digitalisation and expand on smart working in the 
Group’s offices. More flexible working methods are 
being promoted as they can bring benefits for both 
Camparistas and the Group, encouraging a better 
work-life balance, attracting and retaining personnel 
and increasing employees’ responsibilities in pursuing 
the Group’s objectives and results. The digitalisation 
that the Group has undertaken, has entailed a 
greater exposure to risks deriving from cyberattacks, 
in addition to those related to significant system 
malfunctions or disruptions, problems connected 
to migrations affecting key IT systems, to ineffective 
security measures and power outages. All of the 
aforementioned events could adversely affect the 
Group’s business continuity and its ability to compete. 
Additionally, stringent personal data protection 
regulations are increasing the risks associated with 
regulatory non-compliance.
Mitigation actions put in place by Campari Group 
include the definition of a Cyber Security roadmap 
and the constant execution of additional controls 
and security audits which are regularly performed 
to assess whether the level of security is adequate 
and to ensure business continuity in case of key 
system migration. With respect to employees, multiple 
awareness campaigns were implemented to heighten 
employee awareness of cyber risks. New protocols, 
training programs, work practices and safety measures 
have been introduced and strengthened to enable a 
safe environment in a hybrid workplace. The Group 
has implemented awareness campaigns to heighten 
employee awareness of cyber risks (C-level fraud, 
phishing, social engineering). New employees take 
part in security training during on-boarding. Starting 
in 2019, and with a greater focus in the following 
years, the Security Awareness program has evolved 
into a ‘Cyber Security Culture’ concept including:
•  Bi-weekly and monthly simulated phishing campaigns 
to all employees to test their skills and competences in 
recognising the main threats via email;
•   Training sessions available for all employees;
•  Annual communication plan defined thanks 
to the collaboration with the Corporate 
Communications department with monthly 
communications for all employees on selected 
topics made available through the intranet portal;
•  Bi-monthly internal workshops executed within 
the IT department on selected cyber security;
•   Quarterly meetings with Business Unit Directors 
and Country Managers to enforce cyber security 
messages and champion advocacy on cyber 
security at local level;
•  Reposting of such communication on the 
corporate social network which provides push 
notifications of the news to all employees
•  Production of engaging media on cyber security 
displayed on the corporate social network channel 
and on digital signage screens available at sites;
•   Dedicated email for reporting phishing/spam emails;
•   Dedicated news posts published on the 
company’s internal communications platforms 
to keep users up to date on new and increasing 
cyber threats, as well as new cybersecurity-
related functionalities.
9190
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 47:
INDEX >
Risk 
relating to 
responsible 
supply 
chain and 
disruption in 
supply chain-
Responsible 
Supply Chain
Operational 
risks
Responsible and transparent sourcing from 
commercial partners that share Campari Group’s 
values regarding social and environmental matters is 
a necessary condition for ensuring high-quality and 
safe products and a better company reputation. 
Any failure from the suppliers to guarantee 
responsible commercial practices could have a 
negative impact on the Group’s reputation and affect 
sales volumes.
Since 2012, Campari Group’s suppliers have been 
requested to sign the Supplier Code, a document 
setting out the ethical values and principles that 
underly the Group’s activities and ensure their 
compliance throughout their respective supply chains. 
The Group is also member of Sedex (the largest 
shared platform in the world through which users 
report and share their commercial practices in the 
areas of labour law; health and safety; environment; 
business ethics). Campari Group’s Employees’ and 
Human Rights Policy also applies to suppliers. Specific 
projects with key suppliers are developed to foster 
virtuous business practices (i.e., co-investment model 
to grow agave with local partners in Mexico, long-
term agreements with packaging suppliers committed 
to circular principles). In line with the Group’s 
ambition of reducing its environmental impact, an 
acceleration in the Scope 3 decarbonisation efforts 
also involving suppliers took place starting from 2022.
In 2023, the Group has enhanced its engagement 
process with the most relevant suppliers for 
packaging and raw materials (i.e., glass, aluminium 
cans, sugar, alcohol, etc.) and logistics and has 
defined specific decarbonisation roadmaps that 
include energy efficiency and renewable sourcing 
programs, packaging material optimisation and 
sustainable redesign.
With regard to supply chain disruption, the Group 
continues to improve its levels of resilience across its 
supply chain through diversification of services and 
increased collaboration with strategic suppliers.
Risks of 
barriers to 
entry into new 
markets or 
development 
in already-
guarded 
markets-
Community 
involvement
Operational 
risks
The difficulty of integration into the local social 
fabric or lack of collaboration and dialogue with 
local communities can limit the Company’s ability to 
enter new markets and/or consolidate its presence in 
markets in which it already operates.
The Group manages relations with local communities 
and territories where it operates in full respect of 
customs and traditions, while strictly observing local 
regulations.
The Group contributes to the economic development 
of the territories directly through its own activity, thus 
contributing to local economic development, and 
through the development of specific social inclusion 
projects, also promoted through its Foundations.
Human 
rights-Our 
people
Compliance 
risks
The risk of failure to comply with laws and regulations 
relating to respect for human rights in all of its 
geographies and all along its supply chain could 
cause reputational damage and financial loss.
Among the measures implemented to mitigate this 
risk, specific policies have been formalised (i.e., 
Employees’ and Human Rights Policy, Code of Ethics, 
Business Conduct Lines, Supplier Code).
Campari Group also supports the United Nations 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the 
International Labour Organisation’s Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.
The Group assures legal compliance with national 
legislations relating to human rights in those countries 
where it operates. If there are any differences 
between the content of the Group’s policies and 
national regulations, the Group always applies the 
most stringent requirements.
Business 
ethics and 
integrity risk 
(including 
fraud& 
corruption)
Compliance 
risks
Campari Group may face the risk of unethical 
business practices. Lack of an embedded business 
integrity culture and/or a breach of Campari 
Group’s policies and relevant laws or regulations 
due to fraudulent/corruption practices could result in 
significant penalties, financial loss and reputational 
damage for the Group.
The main tools for mitigating those risks are the 
Code of Ethics, the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
Policy, the Business Conduct Guidelines and ongoing 
training of employees to keep them periodically 
updated on the Group’s policies. In Italy, in particular, 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 231 of 2001, the 
231 Model, approved by the Board of Directors, 
represents a formalisation of existing management 
structures, procedures and controls.
Internal assurance activities are continuously 
monitored and assessed with local management to 
improve the internal control system.
Any violations or conduct inconsistent with 
regulations and/or internal policies may be reported 
anonymously to the Supervisory Body through a 
whistleblowing channel available to Camparistas and 
external stakeholders.
Tax risks 
and changes 
in fiscal 
regulations
Compliance 
risks
Distilled spirits and wines are subject to import duties 
or excise taxes in many countries where the Group 
operates. An increase in import duties or excise taxes 
could adversely affect profit margins or sales revenue 
by reducing overall consumption or encouraging 
consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of 
alcoholic beverages. Furthermore, significant changes 
to the international tax environment or tax-related 
changes in any of the markets in which the Group 
operates could alter the Group’s results, leading to an 
increase in the effective tax rates and/or unexpected 
tax exposures and uncertainty that could increase the 
Group’s overall business costs.
The Group has a tax policy focused on compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations and proactive 
and efficient taxation. The Group has always adopted 
a transparent attitude towards the tax authorities 
and applies a transfer pricing policy between Group 
companies based on the principle of at arm’s length 
transaction to ensure that profits are taxed in a 
manner consistent with commercial activities and 
economic substance. The Group regularly reviews its 
business strategy and tax policy in light of legislative 
and regulatory changes and assesses the likelihood 
of any negative results of potential tax inspections to 
determine the adequacy of its tax provisions.
Risk of failure 
to comply 
with laws and 
regulations 
Compliance 
risks
As the Group is exposed and subject to numerous 
different regulations, there is a risk that failure to 
comply with laws and regulations, and with Group 
policies, could harm its reputation and/or result in 
potentially substantial fines. In addition, there are 
increased regulatory expectations with new legal 
regimes being imposed, and a heightened enforcement 
stance being adopted across different markets.
The Group has drawn up a Code of Ethics, an 
Antitrust and Competition Policy, an Anti-Bribery 
and Anti-Corruption Policy and Business Conduct 
Guidelines and provides its employees with regular 
training on its global policies.
Internal assurance activities are continuously monitored 
and assessed with local management to improve the 
internal control system. Present in many regions across 
the world, the Group has also adopted a specific 
policy on human rights intended to mitigate any 
legislative shortcomings existing locally in that regard.
Data privacy 
and cyber 
security
Compliance 
risks
The strong interconnectedness within the Group and 
the ever-increasing pervasiveness of technology in 
the performance of company activities, may cause 
reputational damage due to possible breaches/theft 
of sensitive data, the malfunctioning or disruption of 
IT systems, the unavailability of online services due 
to a cyber-attack and the increased cost of resolving 
these problems.
The Group has introduced project initiatives to make 
every employee aware of cyber issues and risks 
(C-level fraud, phishing, social engineering). Each 
employee is made aware of cyber security threats 
and of key actions to undertake thanks to continuous 
communications campaigns to improve their 
knowledge of the main cyber threats.
Relevant legal developments are also monitored 
to identify new potential requirements that might 
be applicable to the Group. Even if not directly 
applicable, such legal requirements are referred to 
as best practices for the development of the internal 
Cyber Security strategy and roadmap.
Through the Legal&Compliance department and the 
Group Privacy and Data Protection Officer, Campari 
Group is aligned with the European regulations on 
personal data protection (‘GDPR’), and with other 
applicable local laws on data protection. In this effort 
for continuous improvement, the organisational model 
allocating the responsibilities for data protection 
matters and the internal policies on data protection 
are continuously updated and training and awareness 
activities are regularly carried out. In 2020 a new 
Privacy Policy on Processing of Employees’ Personal 
Data was released together with a Policy on the 
Use of Electronic Communications and Information 
Systems, and training and awareness activities are 
regularly promoted as proof of the Company’s 
commitment to promoting the correct use of IT and 
electronic communication systems to protect its IT 
assets and, in general, all of its stakeholders.
Risks relating 
to legislation 
on the 
beverage 
industry 
and the 
application of 
import duties 
Compliance 
risks
Activities relating to the alcoholic beverages and 
soft drinks industry, production, distribution, export, 
import, sales and marketing are governed by complex 
national and international legislation, often drafted 
with somewhat restrictive aims. The requirement 
to make the legislation governing the health of 
consumers, particularly young people, ever more 
stringent could, in the future, lead to the adoption of 
new laws and regulations aimed at discouraging or 
reducing the consumption of alcoholic drinks. Such 
measures could include restrictions on advertising or 
tax increases for certain product categories, leading 
to a fall in demand for the Group’s products.
Campari Group is committed to constantly publicising 
messages and models of behaviour associated with 
responsible consumption and serving of alcoholic 
drinks through its communication channels and 
continuously monitors any changes in the legislation 
applicable to the beverage industry.
9392
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 48:
INDEX >
Risk related 
to non-
compliance 
with 
environmental 
regulations 
and policy-
Environment
Compliance 
risks
Due to Campari Group’s global presence, its 
operations are subject to numerous regulations 
imposed by national, state and local agencies covering 
environment, production and health and safety. In 
addition, the regulatory climate in the markets in which 
Campari Group operates is becoming stricter, with a 
greater emphasis on enforcement. These regulations 
can result in increased costs or liability, including fines 
and/or remediation obligations, which could adversely 
affect Campari Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition and/or results.
Campari Group has adopted an environmental policy 
aimed at reducing the environmental impacts that 
may be caused by the Group’s activities. This policy, 
which is regularly reviewed to keep it in line with 
the nature and size of the Group and its corporate 
objectives, applies to all company locations and 
divisions and is also shared with suppliers, funders 
and employees. For example, the responsible use of 
resources and reduction of the environmental impact 
of the Group’s production activities are, of course, 
practices that guide the Group’s activities with the aim 
of pursuing sustainable development.
The Group’s industrial management has also set up 
a structure dedicated to safety, and quality controls 
on environmental pollution, waste and water disposal. 
The objective of this structure is to continuously 
monitor and update the Group’s business activities 
based on the legislation in force in the individual 
countries in which it operates. To further mitigate this 
risk the Group has in place a global environmental 
insurance policy.
While Campari Group has implemented those 
initiatives, there can be no assurance that it will not 
incur substantial environmental liability and/or costs or 
that applicable environmental laws and regulations will 
not change or become more stringent in the future.
Risk 
related to 
employees-
Our people
Compliance 
risks
The risks that the Group faces in relation to the 
management of employees are related, on the 
one hand, to the administrative management of 
personnel, with particular reference to events of an 
extraordinary nature, and on the other, to the health 
and safety of employees, with particular reference to 
working conditions and accident management. Failure 
to ensure employees’ health and safety or manage 
personnel could harm the Group’s reputation and/or 
result in potentially substantial fines.
In the various countries where the Group has 
subsidiaries, its dealings with employees are regulated 
and protected by collective labour agreements 
and local laws. Any reorganisation or restructuring 
was undertaken, where this becomes essential for 
strategic reasons, is defined based on plans agreed 
with employee representatives. Risk awareness and 
mitigation along with training, engagement and 
empowerment of Camparistas are critical elements 
to the Group health and safety (‘HS’) management 
program. The Group in fact has put in place specific 
procedures to monitor safety in the workplace, 
both in the offices and in plants, and continuous 
attention is paid to training and raising awareness 
among employees on health and safety issues and 
to ensuring safe working conditions. In 2013, the 
Group adopted a QHSE (Quality, Health, Safety & 
Environment) Policy and monitors its performance 
through international health and occupational safety 
standards (BS OHSAS 18001/ISO45001).
The Group periodically conducts corruption risk analyses. 
The objective of these analyses is to map the regulations 
applicable at local level and to further examine the com-
panies’ internal control systems for processes potentially at 
risk of corruption, including: management of relations with 
third parties (public and private), management of gifts and 
entertainment expenses, lobbying activities and human re-
sources management. Following these analyses, certain spe-
cific areas for intervention are identified. The Group has in 
place a multi-year process to strengthen its compliance man-
agement system, particularly in the areas of anti-corruption, 
anti-trust, data privacy and conflicts of interest. This process 
includes the review and improvement of the communication 
and usability of the Code of Ethics, also through a dedicated 
training program, the clarification of the Group Compliance 
Management function and the implementation of specific 
compliance programs in some pilot countries. As already 
mentioned, in Italy the 231 Model is aimed at preventing the 
crimes provided for in the Legislative Decree 231 of 2001 and 
in particular to prevent crimes against the public administra-
tion, corporate and financial crimes and crimes committed in 
violation of workplace health and safety regulations.
The main tools for mitigating corruption risk are the Code of 
Ethics, the Business Conduct Guidelines and ongoing train-
ing of Camparistas to keep them periodically updated on 
the Group’s policies. In particular, relations with public and 
private entities are regulated in the Code of Ethics as follows:
•  I t is absolutely forbidden to promise or offer public of-
ficials, employees or other representatives of the public 
administration payments or other gains in order to pro-
mote or favour the Group’s interests; 
•  It is absolutely forbidden to promise or offer employees 
Risks relating 
to product 
compliance 
and safety-
Responsible 
Practices
Compliance 
risks
Campari Group may be subject to product recalls or 
other liabilities if any of Campari Group’s products 
are defective or found to contain contaminants. 
Those events could lead to business interruptions and 
product recalls costs which could adverserly affect 
on Campari Group’s business, reputation, financial 
condition and/or results from its operations.
Campari takes precautions to ensure that its 
beverages are free from contaminants and that its 
packaging materials are free of defects by conducting 
extensive quality controls and having a worldwide 
quality team.
Control procedures to ensure that products 
manufactured in Group plants are compliant and 
safe in terms of quality and hygiene, in accordance 
with applicable laws and voluntary certification 
standards, have been put in place. Specifically, in 2013, 
Campari Group adopted a QHSE (Quality, Health, 
Safety&Environment) policy and tracks its performance 
through the International Food Safety Certification 
scheme (BRC/IFS/FSSC22000). Brand consistency 
is assured through standardisation and rigorous 
inspection controls. A series of proactive and preventive 
programs are in place to mitigate risks across end-to-
end operational activities, from raw ingredients and 
packaging material supply to finished products.
In addition, the Group has defined guidelines to be 
implemented if quality is accidentally compromised, 
such as withdrawing and recalling products from 
the market or the CPM Index (i.e., the number of 
complaints received per million bottles produced).
Although Campari has drawn up guidelines to be 
implemented, if quality is accidentally compromised, 
such as in the event of any withdrawal or recall of 
products from the market, insurance policies against 
certain product liability claims are activated. However, 
it could happen that any sums that Campari recovers 
may not be sufficient to compensate for any damages 
it may suffer. For this reason, insurance policies are 
systematically reviewed to always be adapted to 
changing business needs and requested from co-
packers and raw material suppliers for their liabilities.
or other representatives of institutions, political parties, 
trade unions and associations payments or other gains 
in order to promote or favour the Group’s interests; 
•  In all cases, it is forbidden to accept gifts or favours, 
the value of which, taking into account the circumstances 
under which they were offered, could have even a slight 
impact on the selection of supplier or counterparty, or 
on the terms and conditions of the contract
The adoption of Model 231 as well as subsequent additions 
or amendments are communicated to all resources present 
in the company, including members of the Board of Direc -
tors, with the link clearly displayed on the Company’s website 
www.camparigroup.com where the text of Model 231 can be 
downloaded. An information set is made available to new 
employees, including, among other documents, the Code 
of Ethics, Model 231 and the and the Italian national collec -
tive labour agreements (contratti collettivi nazionali di lav -
oro-CCNL). The Model is also communicated to the Group’s 
business partners through the Code of Ethics and the Sup-
plier Code. This information set is intended to provide the 
knowledge that is deemed to be of primary importance for 
the Company. The content and delivery of training activities 
aimed at raising awareness of the regulations contained in 
the Decree are tailored to the different roles of employees 
and the level of risk in the area in which they work, and also 
take into account whether or not they act as representatives 
of the Company. It should be noted that all members of the 
Board of Directors have received specific training.
Violations of the Code of Ethics may result in the termination of 
the relationship of trust between the Group and the Recipients, 
with the consequences for the employment/collaboration rela-
tionship specified in current legislation and collective agreements.
9594
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Page 49:
01.
OUR 
PEOPLE
9796 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 50:
INDEX >
OUR  
EMPLOYER  
VALUE  
PROPOSITION:  
OUR 
SIGNATURE 
MIX
1.1 A global community  
of Camparistas
The global community of Camparistas is the Group’s unique 
asset, its greatest ambassador, and a crucial ingredient in 
its business success. The Group is constantly dedicated to 
fostering a corporate culture and environment where people 
feel not only welcomed but also trusted and encouraged to 
bring their authentic selves to work, creating a genuine sense 
of belonging. It is firmly believed that individual growth is a 
catalyst for organisational growth. Empowering and recog-
nising team performance and development is thus a corner-
stone of the Group’s competitive advantage.
Campari Group’s Employer Value Proposition, known as 
‘Our Signature Mix’, embodies these beliefs and reflects the 
Group’s DNA. This commitment is well received internally: ac-
cording to the 2022/2023 Great Place To Work Survey, 88% 
of Camparistas take great pride in working in Campari Group 
and have confidence in its future success.
Being committed to deliver on its people promise, the Group 
aims at building the most memorable experience for Cam-
paristas by creating a superior eco-system throughout the 
employee lifecycle to attract, grow and retain great talent 
while developing critical capabilities that will enable Campari 
Group future success.
At 31 December 2023, the total workforce consisted of 5,288 
people, of whom 4,933 were Campari Group employees 
(Camparistas of whom 4,808 had a permanent contract), 101 
interns14, 46 casual workers 15 and 208 agency workers 16, 17.
Camparistas by region, gender and professional category:
RECRUIT
DEVELOP
ATTRACT
ENGAGE
2021 2022 2023
Region and gender Permanent Temporary
Total
Permanent Temporary
Total
Permanent Temporary
TotalFull-
time
Part- 
time
Full-
time
Part- 
time
Full-
time
Part- 
time
Full-
time
Part- 
time
Full-
time
Part- 
time
Full-
time
Part- 
time
Asia-Pacific 271 7 11 2 291 315 7 13 7 342 482 3 12 3 500
Women 99 7 5 - 111 114 5 8 3 130 163 3 6 2 174
Men 172 - 6 2 180 201 2 5 4 212 300 -  6 1 307
Not disclosed - - - - - - - - - - 19 -  -  - 19 
Europe, Middle East 
and Africa 1,783 69 87 4 1,943 1,978 66 77 2 2,123 2,246 53 94 1 2,394
Women 717 50 39 2 808 808 49 33 - 890 921 43 19 -  983
Men 1,066 19 48 2 1,135 1,170 17 44 2  1,233 1,325 10 75 1 1,411
North America 1,376 - 16 - 1,392 1,519 3 27 - 1,549 1,660 3 14 - 1,677
Women 521 - 9 - 530 566 2 15 - 583 615 2 8 -  625
Men 855 - 7 - 862 953 1 12 - 966 1,044 1 6 -  1,051
Not disclosed - - - - - - - - - - 1 -  -  -  1 
South America 325 - 1 1 327 334 - 2 - 336 361 - 1 - 362
Women 122 - 1 1 124 126 - 2 - 128 138 -  1 -  139
Men 203 - - - 203 208 - - - 208 223 -  -  -  223
Total 3,755 76 115 7 3,953 4,146 76 119 9 4,350 4,749 59 121 4 4,933
14  Intern: student or recent graduate undergoing a supervised work experience for a limited period of time with a specific, non-regular, employement contract with 
Campari Group. 
15  Casual worker: worker working for Campari Group on an ongoing contract with no end date and with no guarranteed working hours (as usually irregular), having a 
specific, non-regular, employement contract with Campari Group.
16 Agency worker: worker supplied to Campari Group by an employment (staffing/workforce resourcing) agency, with which they have an employment contract.
17  The total workforce in 2022 comprised: 78 interns, 13 casual workers and 918 agency workers. The numbers of agency workers are way lower than last year due to a 
miscounted employee category in 2022.
9998
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 51:
INDEX >
1.2 the camparista 
experience
Campari Group’s 
transformation journey, 
which began in 
2022, is an ongoing 
effort to evolve into 
a true development 
powerhouse. The 
HR ecosystem has 
been enhanced to 
attract, nurture, and 
empower Camparistas, 
enabling them to find 
fulfilment and passion 
in co-creating Campari 
Group’s future success, 
all while sharing 
meaningful moments 
together. In 2023, 
great emphasis was 
placed on the targeted 
advancement of the 
Camparistas’ experience 
during their journey in 
the Group.
ATTRACT
Becoming the employer of choice for the talent who align 
with the role, Campari Group’s culture, and its future direc -
tion is the goal at the heart of the talent acquisition strategy. 
The Group aims at bringing new capabilities and diversify its 
global workforce while providing an exceptional candidate 
experience, particularly for the more than 900 new Campar-
istas joining the Group in 2023.
The newly launched Campari Group career site serves as the 
initial point of contact through which authentically communi-
cate the Group value proposition, inviting visitors to immerse 
themselves in the Campari Group culture, and inspiring them 
to become part of this journey.
A culture-centric interview process has been developed to 
provide candidates with a fair and comprehensive assess -
ment of their skills, capabilities, and values. This process in-
volves the use of newly established tools, such as Hogan 
Assessments, in addition to in-house tools, as the new lead-
ership model.
Moreover, hiring managers are trained to enhance their in-
terview skills. These efforts have yielded positive results, with 
an impressive 90% offer acceptance rate, highly favourable 
candidate feedback rated at 4.63/5, and an overall positive 
sentiment reported by 89% of new joiners during the Great 
Place To Work Survey for the 2022/2023 cycle. The Group 
upcoming goal for 2024 is to enhance the inclusivity of its 
recruitment process by minimising bias and actively striving 
to attract and hire a more diverse pool of candidates.
ONBOARD
Onboarding new Camparistas is a crucial step in building 
trust, competence and a strong sense of community and 
dedication to the job. A new on-boarding experience was 
therefore launched in 2023.
New Camparistas are guided through a self-led journey from 
preboarding until their first 90 days in Campari Group through 
which they can learn about the Group history, brands, values 
and behaviours. A digital process streamlines administrative 
procedures, saving time for social and work connection.
TAKING EVERYTHING INTO ACCOUNT, I WOULD SAY 
THIS IS A GREAT PLACE TO WORK
ENGAGE
Campari Group is strongly committed to ensuring that every 
Camparista feels they belong to the Group, acting as an 
ambassador for the company and sharing and celebrating 
the corporate culture.
A new global culture activity, The Signature Mix, has been 
designed as a creative way to explore, navigate and toast 
the Campari Group culture. It is an innovative gamified solu-
tion through which new joiners can explore values and the 
Group’s ways of working, while managers and leaders can 
amplify their role in shaping and disseminating the Group 
culture. From January 2024 onwards, all Camparistas world-
wide will be asked to participate in this activity, encouraging 
them to learn, discuss, and reflect on their working experi-
ences in Campari Group.
The organisation’s ability to listen to Camparistas’ needs and act 
on their feedback is a cornerstone of positive employee expe-
rience and engagement. A relevant listening process enables 
meaningful connection and trust between people and organisa-
tions, ultimately boosting engagement and sense of belonging.
At Campari Group we are committed to understanding the 
employees’ needs, offering listening platforms and solutions 
and providing managers with the tools to understand and act 
on employee insights. Since 2008 Campari Group has thus 
been conducting global biannual internal surveys. In 2022 
the 4th edition of the Global Camparista Survey was rolled 
out in partnership with the Great Place To Work® Institute, a 
global authority on workplace culture for more than 30 years. 
The Great Place To Work® Trust Index© Survey is based on a 
proven methodology, which identifies the element of ‘Trust’ as 
the core of every successful workplace culture. It measures a wide 
variety of aspects across all demographic groups within the com-
pany, providing actionable insights, external benchmarks and en-
abling the Group to be an even greater place to work.
In 2022, 91% of Camparistas across the globe shared their 
feedback along with their positive comments and sugges -
tions on improvements. Though the ratings may vary across 
markets, functions, and locations, overall, employees remain 
highly engaged, committed and confident in Campari Group, 
which has led to the Group being certified by the Great Place 
To Work® Institute as a Great Place To Work in 24 markets.
In 2023 leaders and Camparistas learned from the survey in-
sights and worked together on detailed analysis and action 
plans for improvement. Task forces and groups formed by vol-
unteers from different functions, seniority levels and locations 
acted on the local relevant topics from different perspectives.
At global level, improvements around work-life balance, flex-
ibility for office-based employees, recognition, prioritisation 
and development opportunities, with specific investment to 
improve the working environment in the plants, are among 
the main priorities.
Almost 40% of Camparistas work in Supply Chain and keep-
ing them engaged has been a strategic global objective as 
it leads to longer retention, higher performance, better pro-
TRUST INDEX©: 72% (-2PTS VS. 2020)
Campari Group’s 2022 results against benchmarks:
TRUST INDEX© AVERAGE
72
74
71
68
79
83
80
79
Campari Group 2022 Campari Group 2018Campari Group 2020 Campari Group 2016
101100
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 52:
INDEX >
ductivity and quality, and ultimately to the long-term busi-
ness success. Employees feedback in the Great Place To 
Work survey and in-depth analysis and discussion resulted 
in a dedicated Supply Chain action plan that has become a 
global priority for Campari Group. The plan focuses on front-
line leadership and capabilities development, investments 
and productivity for a sustainable growth, and organisational 
development and production operators’ engagement.
Another key area of focus for Campari Group is flexibility 
and work-life balance. Together is one of the Group values 
as we strongly believe in the power of collaboration and the 
inspiration we receive from each other. This is reflected in 
the Group’s workplaces and way of working, which is based 
on balancing the need for connection and work in presence 
with the flexibility needed for employees’ well-being. ABC is 
the Group smart working approach, defining policies, proce-
dures, facilities, technology, activities and communication to 
establish new ways of working in the post-pandemic reality.
•  Achieve more together, leveraging on facilities and technol-
ogy to boost collaboration and creativity: while the new of-
fice layouts facilitate more spontaneous interaction between 
Camparistas, ‘Modern Workplace’ is a project that helps 
Camparistas to connect more easily using new technology;
•  Balance between office and remote work in line with the 
global flexible working policy according to both business 
needs and individual preferences;
•  Celebrate achievements by ‘toasting life together’ in the 
office and outside.
DEVELOP
On its path to becoming a true development company, 
Campari Group continues to integrate processes and efforts 
that enable, support and guide the development of Campar-
istas at individual and organisational levels.
In 2023, the first development programs designed by the 
new Campari University were launched, the HQs hosted the 
first Campari Group Career Week, and the range of Lead-
ership and Management Development solutions was signif-
icantly expanded.
As next steps the Group will focus on:
•  The Train the Trainer approach to better leverage 
internal resources;
•  The design and release of two new learning expe-
riences, Value Generation and Brand Building Aca -
demy, to accelerate organisational capacity in these 
critical growth drivers;
•  The development of a new action learning solution 
for the high potential Camparistas.
For more information on learning and professional devel-
opment in the workplace, please refer to the paragraph 1.4 
‘Capability Building and People Development’ of this report.
REWARD AND RECOGNITION
Campari Group recognises the importance of transparency 
in its remuneration practices and is committed to intention-
ally include this value in all initiatives it takes in the compen-
sation domain.
As a key first step in the compensation transparency journey, 
the Group focused this year on the two below initiatives.
•  To portrait in a clear and impactful way each Camparis-
ta’s total compensation package a new page in the inter-
nal intranet has been launched. Camparistas are able to 
access at any time their compensation details including 
Annual Base Gross Salary, Recurring Allowances and dif-
ferent Variable Pay schemes to have an overview of their 
total cash compensation package. This is also the go-to 
hub to access in a much easier way all relevant policies, 
documents and information detailing the Group com-
pensation plans.
•  A communication campaign made of multiple releas-
es during the year has been launched to increase the 
understanding of the Group Short Term Incentive plan 
aimed at educating eligible Camparistas around the 
changes implemented in 2023, the financial KPIs includ-
ed in the plan, as well as providing an indication of the 
Group’s targets achievement over the year.
For more information on remuneration, please refer to the 
paragraph 1.5 ‘Remuneration system’ of this report.
OTHER TOOLS FOR DIALOGUE AND 
ENGAGEMENT-CHANNELS AND INITIATIVES 
In an ever-changing global scenario, organisations are evolv-
ing, boosted by digital transformation in their business mod-
els, and following the experience of remote working brought 
by the Covid-19 pandemic. Campari Group is also evolving, 
embracing a hybrid working model that, mixing in-presence 
and remote working, calls for new ways to promote dialogue 
and sustain engagement. For this reason Campari Group is 
actively engaged in the definition and constant improvement 
of new ways of working, while creating opportunities for net-
working and socialization, reinforcing the sense of belonging 
and searching for new ways to stay connected in a flexible 
way and through virtual connections. Campari Group’s new 
ways of working have been deployed through the ‘Better 
Together’ multi-year communication plan, which included 
engagement activities and office restyling with posters and 
illustrated wall signs leveraging the ‘Together’ value.
2023 saw the continuation of conviviality initiatives over dif-
ferent times of the day and the year, to encourage sociali-
sation and networking in the offices, plants and distilleries 
around the world. These activities go hand in hand with the 
redesign of physical workspaces to meet the evolving needs 
of more flexible working environment, favouring knowledge 
sharing, creativity, co-creation, and socialisation.
Within the framework of an integrated internal communica-
tion ecosystem, meant to promote the culture of sharing by 
improving communication among functions and geograph-
ic areas, a multi-channel communications strategy has been 
developed, aimed at promoting the dialogue with the com-
pany and among Camparistas.
Among the main channels, ‘MyCampari’ is the main access 
point for Camparistas’ daily experience at work, in line with 
the digital workplace philosophy, and aiming at offering a 
‘consumer-like’ experience’. The intranet is, in fact, an engag-
ing and easy to use tool, through which employees can ac-
cess relevant and targeted contents based on their individual 
information needs.
Video and audio communication are also key to the compa-
ny’s ongoing effort to inform and engage Camparistas on 
the key corporate announcements, brand news, and ongoing 
initiatives. The main internal communications and engage-
ment tools are described below.
Campari TV is the internal TV channel, aimed at spreading 
the company’s culture, and supporting change management 
within the company’s transformational projects.
‘The Shaker’ is the internal podcast, intended to promote 
an informal dialogue with internal speakers and key opinion 
leaders, offering undiscovered points of view, decoding the 
company reality, the broader scenario in which the business 
operates, and intercepting global trends and phenomena.
Both podcast and videos are integrated synergically into the 
wider ecosystem of internal communications channels and are 
incorporated into an editorial plan conveyed through the cor-
porate social network, Viva Engage. This has proved to be a 
valuable channel for internal communications and engagement 
among Camparistas, driving engagement around the compa-
ny’s key milestones and achievements, building communities 
around certain topics (such as Diversity, Equity and Inclusion) 
and sharing knowledge, best practices and ideas from peers.
A monthly newsletter collects the top global news, delivered 
to each employee’s inbox, including news from Campari 
Group, as well as trends from the bartending world, and the 
Group’s brands. In the spirit of an open dialogue among em-
ployees, the newsletter also includes a call to action to share 
local news, activations or initiatives.
Finally, in person events, organised from time to time on a 
local basis, are key to sustain engagement and promote net-
working occasions, in the offices as well as in the plants and 
distilleries, thus reinforcing the sense of belonging and serv-
ing as opportunities for teamwork and knowledge exchange, 
nurturing trust within the organisation.
103102
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 53:
INDEX >
1.3 Diversity, Equity  
and Inclusion
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion is seen as one of the key ena-
blers for engagement and culture. The Group’s goal remains 
to continue to nurture a Group corporate culture in which our 
people, bonded by the Group’s values, feel welcome, trusted 
and encouraged to bring their whole self to work so they can 
truly feel that they belong. This is even more important in the 
context of ongoing internal and external changes and the 
Group’s ability to continuously adapt and properly integrate 
new mixes of capabilities, people and acquired business 
along with the Group’s business strategy.
The Campari Group Diversity, Equity and Inclusion strategy sets 
out the approach and provides a framework for ensuring that 
everyone within the Company working with Camparistas, busi-
ness partners and communities is empowered and encouraged 
to contribute to this journey and support a culture of inclusion.
The Group’s mission, Toasting Life Together, is to celebrate 
life in its entirety, in every moment of life that matters to 
Camparistas, partners and communities:
•  F or Camparistas: to promote a fair and equal employ -
ment lifecycle where everyone has opportunities to 
progress and experiences a sense of belonging.
•  For business partners: to leverage our diversity to fos -
ter creativity and innovation to better interpret con -
sumer needs and boost business potential.
•  For communities: to embrace and support equity by 
promoting education, culture and social inclusion.
When envisioning the Camparista Experience and its un -
derlying touchpoints on a day-to-day basis in every single 
employee life-cycle, the aim is to monitor and identify the 
barriers to success and define concrete initiatives to break 
them down or to promote a more inclusive, equitable and 
diverse workplace.
The below model helps us to describe the Group beliefs 
and the way in which they guide the Group action plans 
and efforts.
•  Consistent and intentional 
strategy on Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion that will sustain 
and enable continuous work -
place improvement and busi-
ness results.
•  Quantitative gender tar -
gets for Executive Directors, 
Non-Executive Directors, and 
Management.
TARGETS
•  Compensation and Benefits 
policies revised, resulting in 
the development of key equity 
programs: Gender Fair Pay and 
Parental Leave policy.
•  Growing Employee Resource 
Groups.
•  Global priorities guide the im-
plementation of local actions.
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
•  Learning journey to raise fur -
ther awareness and behaviour 
change through targeted train-
ing solutions at different levels 
(HR, leaders, people manag-
ers, employees).
•  Regular open conversations 
with experts, leaders, managers 
and employees on DEI topics.
•  Continue to revise people pol-
icies, focusing on Talent Acqui-
sition and Talent Management.
NEXT STEPS
2023 APPROACH TO ACTION
GOVERNANCE
The Global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (‘DEI’) Committee 
and the Global Advisory Board (made up of Camparistas 
from different markets, functions and seniority levels) have 
been guiding the Group actions, bringing together the per-
spectives and efforts in rolling out action plans, both globally 
and locally. As of 2023, a newly created global centre of ex-
cellence will bring more professional expertise to the organi-
sation, driving the DEI agenda across the globe.
GLOBAL PRIORITIES AND ACTIONS
Within the described strategy and positioning, while the Group 
will lead the following global priorities in the upcoming years, 
each local organisation and functions within the Group have 
the freedom to identify, design and introduce local strategies 
to improve DEI based on their context, needs and priorities.
EQUITY
Equity being a founding value of the Group, global efforts 
have been focused on addressing gender inequality in a 
changing society, closing the pay gap and supporting em-
ployees who become parents.
•  Gender Fair Pay: in 2023 one of the industry’s top work-
place equity analysis platforms was implemented to ad -
dress pay fairness and equal opportunities. This innovative 
platform, along with its underlying methodology, makes it 
possible to conduct more comprehensive, frequent, and 
efficient analyses of pay equity, and to monitor both un-
adjusted and adjusted pay gaps. More information about 
the Gender Fair Pay project deliverables can be found in 
the 1.5 ‘Remuneration system’ paragraph of this report.
•  Parental Leave Policy: as families are becoming more 
diverse, more women are reconciling family and career, 
and more men are taking on caring roles, the concept 
of caregiving has also changed for Campari Group’s 
employees, especially since the pandemic. Achieving 
work-life balance is not only a benefit, but a real need 
for work sustainability and job satisfaction. The Group 
has therefore been working on a powerful platform to 
meet expectations and needs, while addressing gender 
inequality and fighting parenting bias. As of 2024, the 
Camparista experience will be enhanced by focusing 
on caregiving as a benefit to create a more equitable 
and inclusive workplace. The new comprehensive Paren-
tal Leave policy will introduce a minimum parental leave 
standard for primary and secondary caregivers that in-
cludes all types of families going through the same life 
stage, including those with two mothers or two fathers, 
gender non-conforming parents, adoptive families, etc. 
In this way, all families will have the opportunity to choose 
what suits them best, while promoting professional suc-
cess. This will also help attract and retain high-quality 
talent in all our markets on a global scale.
Diversity is the outcome of Equity and Inclusion 
where society is represented. The Group understands 
diversity in a broad sense, not just visible diversity.
Equity
Inclusion is the Group focus. We want to 
create an environment where everybody feel 
welcome, free to be themselves and can thrive.
Inclusion
Equity is the Group foundational value. We 
believe all Camparistas need to be treated with 
equity and fairness, while driving meritocracy.
Diversity
105104
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 54:
INDEX >
INCLUSION
Establishing an inclusive ecosystem where everyone feels 
welcome and has a fair opportunity to succeed remains the 
Group’s focus. The Group is thus working with markets on 
several learning initiatives to support Camparistas, people 
managers and the entire organisation to develop and sus-
tain an inclusive mindset leading to the creation of an envi-
ronment where practices and policies are aimed at a more 
equitable workplace. This ranges from unconscious bias to 
inclusive leadership programs, which are in line with the 
learning and development framework described further in 
the following chapters. In 2024, more Camparistas will par -
ticipate in this learning journey to increase awareness and 
behavioural change through targeted training solutions at 
different levels (HR, leaders, people managers, employees), 
and regular open conversations with experts on various Di-
versity, Equity and Inclusion topics: Gender Equality, Neuro-
diversity and Autism, Cultural Diversity, LGBTQIA+, Mental 
Health and Disability.
To promote more inclusive advertising and communication, the 
Group continues to leverage on its key partner Unstereotype 
Alliance which offers Camparistas an interactive e-learning 
program guiding them through real world case studies to iden-
tify best practices in communicating in an unstereotyped way. 
The course is a useful tool to deeply embed unstereotyped 
marketing and advertising principles within the organisation.
DIVERSITY
The Group aims at improving female gender representation 
at all management levels and increasing it from 36% to 40% 
over the next five years. However, diversity is considered to 
be a natural result of the Group’s efforts to create a fair and 
inclusive working environment.
In the Campari Group internal classification management lev-
els comprises four layers: Senior Executive, Executive, Senior 
Management and Management, and includes all positions 
from top management to all positions reporting to General 
Managers and Global and Regional Heads of Functions in 
all Group’s markets.
Female representation in all categories of management 
roles has increased by 5.5% since 2019, growing faster than 
non-managerial categories (+1.6%). The Group achieved 
gender parity at regional level, while the positive trend at 
global level (46.5% of employees are women, +6.3% vs 2019) 
creates a cross-sectional impact. Growth in representation 
stems largely from internal promotions and development, 
with women recording +1.9% in promotions and +5% in 
moves compared to men, and an almost equal promotion 
ratio between genders.
Through the belief that ‘We can improve only what we meas-
ure’ data analytics tools will be continued to be reviewed and 
developed together with new strategies for an ever more 
data-driven approach to workforce management from a 
DEI perspective. The Group has created a central Workforce 
and Diversity dashboard that integrates with HR master data 
systems in real-time. This tool allows local business and HR 
teams to access and analyse historical trends and insights re-
lated to the composition of the Group’s workforce across var-
ious dimensions, including overall gender distribution, rep-
resentation at management levels, gender pay gap analysis, 
nationality, tenure, new hires, and departures, as well as age 
ranges. While the Group has traditionally monitored work-
force metrics, this tool empowers local teams to implement 
informed strategies. It also enables the Group to respond 
promptly and consistently across different organisational di-
mensions and conduct historical comparisons dating back 
to 2019, aligning with the GRI Standard-based indicators dis -
closed in this report. The Campari Group DEI Index is also 
part of the Camparista Survey. This integration offers actiona-
ble insights at both the Group and Country levels, facilitating 
precise measurement to prioritize interventions and initiatives 
across all levels while monitoring their impact over time.
Employees who are passionate about celebrating diversity 
are also encouraged to establish and lead Employee Re-
source Groups (‘ERGs’), peer groups whose members and 
allies have common interests and goals, which are aligned 
with Campari Group’s overall business strategy and its DEI 
goals and objectives. The intent of these groups is to pro-
mote a culture of inclusion through employee engagement, 
peer mentoring and other strategic actions in alignment with 
Campari the Mission, Vision and Values.
With the aim to learn more as an organisation and as Cam-
paristas, but also to contribute to a more diverse society, 
since 2022 the Group has been a Gold Corporate Partner of 
Leading Executives Advancing Diversity (‘LEAD’), a Europe-
an network of people and organisations from the consumer 
goods and retail industry that acts to advance diversity in 
the workplace. Although it is focused on Europe, LEAD has 
around 16,000 members from all over the world, exchang-
ing experiences and learning platforms around DEI. Apart 
from being members, the Gold Partnership means Campari 
Group helps sustain the network and its purpose togeth-
er with 65 other organisations, therefore having access to 
learning programs and best practices from others in the in-
dustry. 15 Camparistas have been enrolled in their Inclusive 
Leadership and Mentorship programs, which is an area that 
the Group wants to learn and expand internally. This is a way 
for the Group to enlarge its perspective, access innovative 
strategies for diversity, equity and inclusion, and offer devel-
opment opportunities to our people at the same time.
In 2022, also, Davide Campari Milano N.V. was included by 
Refinitiv in the World Top 100 for D&I Diversity&Inclusion, and 
therefore part of the Diversity and Inclusion Refinitiv Index. 
Refinitiv, a London Stock Exchange Group (‘LSEG’) business, 
is one of the world’s largest providers of financial markets 
data and infrastructure. Diversity and Inclusion (‘D&I’) ratings 
powered by Refinitiv ESG data are designed to transparently 
and objectively measure the relative performance of compa-
nies against factors that define diverse and inclusive work-
places. The D&I Refinitiv Index ranks over 12,000 companies 
globally and identifies the top 100 publicly traded companies 
through their public related and audited data, measured by 
24 separate metrics across 4 key pillars: Diversity, Inclusion, 
People Development, News&Controversies. This achievement 
made us very proud, but we remain committed to the ongo-
ing journey of improving our workplace for all.
LOCAL INITIATIVES ON DEI
•  DEI Roadmap in the Americas Region: at Regional lev-
el, a collective journey to identify the local DEI priori-
ties in each country has been launched in November 
2023. The role of the Region will be to act as a liaison 
between the Global DEI team, who defines the corpo-
rate DEI framework, and each country where the local 
strategy is established along with the action plans and 
agenda. The regional approach will focus on ensuring 
alignment, promoting cross-fertilisation of best practic-
es among countries, meeting the global corporate DEI 
standards, providing guidance and support to the mar-
kets, and offering a range of external resources bene-
ficial for local markets. At the same time, it will be the 
responsibility of each local entity to define a strategy 
that aligns with the global framework since DEI actions 
depend on each country’s context and circumstances. 
Regionally, we are in the process of developing a Best 
Practices Library to understand what the leading com-
panies are implementing and exploring educational 
options to ensure everyone is aligned. The only action 
that can be proposed regionally, in fact, is related to 
education, a program, or resource that ensures that 
both HR and People Managers are aligned and on the 
same page when it comes to discussing DEI.
•  United States: in 2023, Campari Group America contin-
ued to make meaningful progress in its commitment to 
fostering greater belonging and inclusion across its US 
workforce. Campari Group America’s Employee Resource 
Groups (‘ERGs’) collaborate to promote an authentic 
awareness that respects intersectionality, and with close 
to 250 employees participating in ERGs, they aim to pro-
mote cultural awareness, inclusivity, psychological safety, 
dialogue, and connection through courageous conver-
sations and empowerment within the organisation. Cur-
rently the following six ERGs help to advocate, support 
and drive empowerment and belonging engaging in 
2023 more than 600 Camparistas over fifty education-
al, cultural and/or team-building activations, i.e., DEI 
Speaker Panel with industry leaders and external part-
ners; educational messaging and celebrations to honour 
Black History, International Women’s Day, Asian Heritage, 
LGBTQ+ Pride, Hispanic Heritage and more; family-in-
clusive events such as Bring Your Child to Work Day, 
Family Ice Skating Night, and Family Day at our Kentucky 
production facility; etc.
107106
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 55:
INDEX >
ERG Mission Members
The Black Collective 
(African American) 
To promote, develop, advocate and drive the success of Black, African American and 
African Ancestry employees across Campari Group America by facilitating opportunities for 
professional enrichment, sharing diverse perspectives, maintaining a safe space, increasing 
representation of Black employees at all levels of leadership and actively contributing to the 
greater Black community inside and outside of the organisation.
27
Campari Asian 
American Network 
(CAAN)
The Campari Asian American Network (CAAN) will build culture and awareness, create trust, 
promote inclusivity, psychological safety, and facilitate courageous conversation in relation to 
Pan-Asian space.
26
Mezclados
(Hispanic / Latinx)
Organisation focused on empowering Hispanic/LatinX professionals; celebrating our diversity; 
and connecting over our cultural heritage
37
Women To promote, develop, advocate and drive the success of women across Campari Group 
America by facilitating opportunities for professional enrichment, increasing representation of 
women at all levels of leadership
64
Working Parents This group invites and brings together parents in all stages of life. We realize that caring for 
children/aging parents is not a ‘one size fits all’ approach, and by having this group, we create 
an open platform to which we provide resources and recommendations to help find solutions 
so that parents can better support their families.
41
Many Spirits
(LGBTQIA+)
The mission of the Many Spirits is to serve, empower, protect, and celebrate the vibrant 
community of LGBTQIA+ employees at Campari. Many Spirits is committed to cultivating and 
maintaining an inclusive, safe, and supportive work environment for LGBTQIA+ members, allies 
and advocates through education and communication.
32
Our external partnerships with Women of the Vine&Spirits 
(‘WOTVS’) and Pronghorn also advanced in their second year. 
128 Camparistas are now active members of WOTVS, aiming 
at pushing the wine, beer and spirits industry toward a more 
diverse, equitable and inclusive era that supports business 
development and innovation, and benefitting from their edu-
cational and advocacy resources. Pronghorn is a stand-alone 
business dedicated to cultivating the next generation of di-
verse founders, executive leaders and entrepreneurs to apply 
industry-leading expertise while investing financial, individual 
and network capital to effectively support, grow and sustain 
Black-owned businesses in the spirits industry. In 2023, we 
had our first interns from Pronghorn and Cornell University 
to further our commitment to advancing representation and 
wealth for Black Americans and underrepresented groups 
and provide real-world experience in the spirits industry. The 
internship program targets motivated students attending HB-
CUs and other universities that are 21+ years of age and 
provides them with the tools and resources needed to suc -
cessfully learn the spirits industry and position interns to be 
considered for internships and full-time employment with-
in the industry. In 2023, Campari Group America also sup-
ported the first DEI Day promoted for the industry’s DISCUS 
Conference, by actively conducting sessions with other DEI 
leaders in the industry and providing a strong presence from 
our US leadership team and ERG leaders.
Assessment of progress and priority area identification oc -
curs on an annual basis through two reputable survey com-
panies. Additionally, a thorough analysis occurs internally and 
a formal review by US leadership are highly prioritized. 2023 
results demonstrate marginal improvement across 8 of 9 di-
mensions, with the highest scores and improvement in ‘Pur-
pose in Work’, ‘Engagement’, and ‘Belonging’.
Finally, building on already established collaborations, Cam-
pari Group America continued to support the Museum of 
Contemporary African Diasporan Arts (‘MoCADA’), The USC 
PAM, The Museum of Jewish Heritage, and LatinX&Self Help 
Graphics. These cultural partners each received a USD50,000 
donation, in addition to support with specific events.
CANADA
A new edition of the Belonging In The Workplace survey 
was launched among employees, scoring five indicators of 
Belonging and providing an overall score of Belonging in 
the workplace. This validated instrument provides scores that 
account for marginalised voices and became the baseline for 
training and development and actioning initiatives.
The local DEI committee continued to meet creating champi-
ons for belonging behaviours, and Subcommittees were then 
formed to create sustainability and efficiency in actions. After 
having received training in the validated belonging indica-
tors, allyship, the cycles of socialisation that impact the work-
place, intersectionality and adverse impact, the DEI Com-
mittee then worked on a new communication language that 
supports the creation of belonging work environments. The 
Belonging Calendar has been launched to develop a journey 
of learning and understanding of DEI topics and to celebrate 
important DEI calendar dates. As a part of designing the DEI 
Calendar, Camparistas were given the opportunity to identify 
and select what diversity, equity and inclusion events and in-
itiatives they wanted to build more awareness around within 
the year 2023. The four initiatives selected by our Camparis-
tas and how we built awareness around them were:
•  Pride Month, a multi-month, multi-city celebration with 
the LGBTQIA+ community in June, promoting inclusivity 
and equality. For its first commemorative event, Campari 
Canada hosted a panel of industrial and organisational 
psychologists who are part of the LGBTQIA+ community 
to open discussion on perspectives of LGBTQIA+ em-
ployees and their experiences in the workplace;
•  Mental Health Day where Camparistas were encouraged 
to take a picture of how they supported their mental 
health to normalize the necessity for doing things that 
support mental health and our overall wellbeing;
•  Canada Day, a national holiday on July 1st that commem-
orates the confederation of Canada in 1867. The day was 
celebrated also by Campari Canada with recreational 
and informative initiatives for employees;
•  Orange Shirt Day, on September 30th, it’s a day dedicat-
ed to acknowledging the historical and current impact 
of residential schools on Indigenous peoples in Canada. 
This year Campari Canada recognised the significance 
of truth, reconciliation, and understanding, with a video 
shared across all offices. Orange shirts were purchased 
from Orange Shirt Society and a donation was given to 
the society. The event helped to foster an environment of 
empathy, learning, and respect for diverse perspectives.
BRAZIL
Campari Group Brazil started to organise in 2023 a series of 
workshops ‘Campari Para Todos’ (Campari For All) on inter-
national days, giving all employees the opportunity to par -
ticipate, listen and discuss issues related to diversity, equity 
and inclusion. The first workshop held in 2023 was on uncon-
scious bias and the agenda for 2024 is being planned. Re-
garding the cultural programme, from 2021 Campari Group 
Brazil started to work on the ‘DNA Camparista’ program to 
gain a better understanding of the current culture and its 
adherence to corporate strategy and then design courses of 
action with the aim of transforming our reality into expecta-
tions. To do this, after understanding the baseline through 
meetings with the country’s leadership team, interviews with 
Camparistas, focus groups and a survey for all employees, 
registrations were opened to take part in the culture com-
mittee with the aim of proposing projects to work on in 2023 
to strengthen our Camparista culture. Over the course of 
the year, the team implemented several projects, i.e., a new 
onboarding program for new employees, a recognition pro-
gram, a new methodology to foster agile work, The Campar-
ista Voice aimed at empowering all Camparistas through call 
for ideas, thus enhancing communication and involvement.
 AUSTRALIA
The Inclusive Leadership Program developed though an in-
dustry network in Australia is a leadership and mentoring 
program to enhance a culture of inclusion across the drinks 
sector. It aims to support diversity on a wide scale with talent-
ed, current and aspiring leaders (mentees) partnering with 
experienced leadership mentors from different drink indus-
try organisations. In 2023, the program was delivered in a 
hybrid format where ten organisations, representing a range 
of beer, wine and spirit suppliers participated. This six-month 
109108
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 56:
INDEX >
experience saw four Camparistas participating and combines 
informal and formal sessions between mentees and men-
tors with a structured and interactive program of events and 
workshops. In addition to the workshops, mentees and men-
tors meet one-on-one for their mentoring sessions approx-
imately six to eight times over the course of the program. 
Importantly, the structured framework supports mentees and 
mentors with strategies and tools for positively enhancing a 
culture of inclusive leadership.
In addition, an internal Mentoring Program was launched in 
2023, opening opportunities for Camparistas to submit an 
application as a mentee on the program in line with their de-
velopment plans. Likewise, mentors applied and partnerships 
were carefully matched to Camparista mentees requirements. 
The program is designed with suggestions and recommen-
dations to make the most of the mentorship, however there 
is a great deal of freedom for the participants to evolve their 
partnerships in a way that works for them.
An outcome of the 2022 Camparista GPtW Survey was the 
launch of five strategic action teams, comprised of diverse 
Camparistas representing all functions and various levels of 
the organisation, to create greater connection with business 
goals and tasks through scorecards and measurement. The 
purpose is to drive and monitor progress towards strategic 
goals and empower Camparistas to lead and drive progress.
Campari Group Australia continues with representative 
groups: the CAmparista Representative (‘CARe’) Council 
representing Camparistas based outside the Plant and the 
CamParty Committee representing Camparista’s at the Plant. 
The CARe Council has 1-2 Supply Chain Camparista/s with 
a link to the CamParty Committee (Plant) and, together with 
HR and Leadership, looks for opportunities to link initiatives 
between both the office and the plant. The two Groups com-
mit to enhance and evolve the culture and business practices 
of Campari Group Australia with Campari Values and Be-
haviours at the forefront in areas of leadership, diversity and 
inclusion, Camparista engagement, well-being and welfare, 
community, social responsibility and sustainability, represent-
ing an inclusive, equitable, culturally competent and support-
ive environment for all Camparistas to experience a sense of 
purpose, belonging and happiness during their working life; 
embed DEI into the business practices of Campari Group 
Australia; and educate, action and respond to initiatives that 
enrich Camparista experiences.
Regarding parental leave, in addition to the Government 
Paid Parental Leave scheme, Campari Group Australia has 
advanced the development of its parental leave policy by 
creating one offering for part-time and full-time permanent 
Camparistas with at least 12 months-continuous service to be 
eligible to apply for 20 weeks paid parental leave within the 
first year following the birth or adoption of a child, regard-
less of gender.
18  The number for the Group’s nationalities does not include the US and Canada, for which figures cannot be traced due to local regulations. 
19 The categories undeclared and unknown present in the Hiring Report have been reclassified in the category not disclosed in all the tables of this report.
Campari Group nationalities18:
Over the past year, the count of nationalities has risen from 65 to 74, reflecting the ongoing international 
expansion of the company. This growth was driven by the establishment of new in-market companies 
(i.e., in New Zealand) and the strengthening of the Japanese market. With its expanding global presence, 
the Group is increasingly attracting and actively pursuing talent from diverse countries around the world.
Permanent Camparistas by region and gender19 (2023):
2021 2022 2023
Nationalities 59 65 74
With the exception of the corporate population working in the Product Supply Chain area (which in-
cludes production facilities), female Camparistas represented 46% of the total workforce.
Percentage of permanent female Camparistas-trend:
Region Men Women Not disclosed Total Women
Asia-Pacific 300 166 19 485 34%
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 1,335 964 - 2,299 42%
North America 1,045 617 1 1,663 37%
South America 223 138 -  361 38%
Total 2,903 1,885 20 4,808 39%
The number of women in the overall workforce remained stable compared with previous years.
2021 2022 2023
Female Camparistas
39+6140+6040+60
40% 40% 39%
111110
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 57:
INDEX >
Men 59% 
Women 38% 
Not disclosed 3%
Permanent Camparistas by professional position and gender (2023):
Professional grade Men Women Not disclosed Total Women
Senior management  
and above 226 95 - 321 30%
Management 284 202 1 487 41%
Senior professional 490 465 1 956 49%
Professional 716 562 4 1,282 44%
Specialist/generic staff 326 342 13 681 50%
Production operators 861 219 1 1,081 20%
Total 2,903 1,885 20 4,808 39%
Region Men Women Not disclosed Total Women
Asia-Pacific 99 63 26 188 34%
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 203 175 -  378 46%
North America 208 102 1 311 32%
South America 55 31 -  86 36%
Total 565 371 27 963 38%
New permanent Camparistas hired, by region and gender (2023):
New permanent Camparistas hired, as percentage of the total workforce, by region and gender20  (2023):
Region Men Women Not disclosed Total Women
Asia-Pacific 50 30 7 87 34%
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 113 96 - 209 46%
North America 147 61 - 208 29%
South America 42 22 - 64 34%
Total 352 209 7 568 37%
Turnover of permanent Camparistas by region and gender (2023):
Percentage of new permanent Camparistas hired by gender-trend:
42+5842+5838+59
Men 58% 
Women 42%
Men 58% 
Women 42%
Men 59% 
Women 38% 
Not disclosed 3%
Region Men Women Not disclosed Total
Asia-Pacific 33% 38% 137% 39%
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 15% 18% -  16%
North America 20% 17% 100% 19%
South America 25% 22% -  24%
Total 20% 20% 135% 20%
20   The percentage is given by the ratio between new permanent employees hired during 2023 for each gender and region, and the total number of employees in the 
same category on 31 December 2023.
2021 2022 2023
113112
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 58:
INDEX >
Turnover rate of permanent Camparistas by region and gender (2023):
Region Men Women Not disclosed Total
Asia-Pacific 17% 18% 37% 18%
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 8% 10% -  9%
North America 14% 10% -  13%
South America 19% 16% -  18%
Total 12% 11% 35% 12%
Region < 30 30-50 > 50 Total
Asia-Pacific 30 130 28 188
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 88 273 17 378
North America 95 190 26 311
South America 18 67 1 86
Total 231 660 72 963
2021 2022 2023
Voluntary turnover 6.7% 9.2% 7.4%
Voluntary turnover21 of permanent Camparistas-trend:
In 2023, the voluntary turnover rate showed a slight decrease compared to the previous year. This is in 
line with global trends which have seen a slowdown of the so-called ‘Great Resignation’ phenomenon, 
but it is also due to the effective people strategies put in place by the Group as part of the ongoing 
HR Transformation strategy and in response to employee-listening initiatives (e.g., engagement surveys).
New permanent Camparistas hired by region and age bracket:
21  Voluntary turnover means leaving the company through voluntary resignation.
22  The percentage is given by the ratio between new permanent employees hired during 2023 for each age bracket and region, and the total number of employees 
in the same category on 31 December 2023.
Turnover of permanent Camparistas by region and age bracket (2023):
Region < 30 30-50 > 50 Total
Asia-Pacific 9 60 18 87
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 36 137 36 209
North America 49 138 21 208
South America 8 47 9 64
Total 102 382 84 568
Turnover rate of permanent Camparistas by region and age bracket (2023):
Region < 30 30-50 > 50 Total
Asia-Pacific 20% 16% 27% 18%
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 11% 9% 8% 9%
North America 19% 12% 7% 13%
South America 16% 17% 22% 18%
Total 15% 12% 9% 12%
New permanent Camparistas hired, as percentage of the total permanent workforce, by region and 
age bracket22:
Region < 30 30-50 > 50 Total
Asia-Pacific 65% 35% 42% 39%
Europe, Middle East  
and Africa 26% 18% 4% 16%
North America 37% 17% 9% 19%
South America 37% 25% 2% 24%
Total 34% 20% 8% 20%
115114
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 59:
INDEX >
2021 2022 2023
Turnover 12% 13% 12%
Turnover rate of permanent Camparistas-trend:
Permanent Camparistas by professional position and age bracket:
2021 2022 2023
Professional 
grade < 30 30-50 > 50 Total < 30 30-50 > 50 Total < 30 30-50 > 50 Total
Senior 
management 
and above
- 175 84 259 - 186 92 278 - 203 118 321
Management 1 317 67 385 2 358 73 433 - 402 85 487
Senior 
professional 31 568 86 685 54 628 95 777 67 775 114 956
Professional 139 639 132 910 165 705 141 1,011 214 898 170 1,282
Specialist/
generic staff 138 465 134 737 154 456 133 743 147 397 137 681
Production 
operators 157 462 236 855 225 507 248 980 259 559 263 1,081
Total 466 2,626 739 3,831 600 2,840 782 4,222 687 3,234 887 4,808
Although not Group policy, the Company tends to favour the hiring of managers who live in the countries in which it operates.
23   To comply with local regulations, data for Canada and the United States refer to managers’ citizenship and not to their nationality.
24   Martinique is not included since the positions and roles have not been aligned yet to the Group’s internal standards.
2021 2022 2023
Countries23 Senior 
Managers
Senior Managers who 
are part of the local 
community 
Senior 
Managers
Senior Managers who 
are part of the local 
community
Senior
Managers
Senior Managers who 
are part of the local 
community
Argentina 5 5 100% 8 8 100% 8 7 88%
Australia 5 4 80% 6 5 83% 8 6 75%
Austria 3 3 100% 4 3 75% 4 2 50%
Belgium 1 0 0% 1 0 0% 2 1 50%
Brazil 6 4 67% 7 6 86% 7 7 100%
Canada 8 4 50% 7 6 86% 5 4 80%
China 3 2 67% 2 1 50% 4 3 75%
France24 16 15 94% 16 14 88% 18 16 89%
Germany 8 7 88% 8 8 100% 7 6 86%
Greece 1 1 100% 1 1 100% 3 3 100%
Italy 116 84 72% 121 88 73% 137 101 74%
Jamaica 14 8 57% 12 10 83% 13 9 69%
Japan - - - - - - 3 3 100%
Korea (the 
Republic of) 1 1 100% 1 1 100% 1 1 100%
Mexico 4 3 75% 8 7 88% 10 7 70%
New Zealand - - - 1 1 100% 1 0 0%
Russian 
Federation 5 2 40% 5 5 100% 5 4 80%
Singapore 9 1 11% 8 0 0% 9 1 11%
South Africa 1 1 100% 1 1 100% 1 1 100%
Spain 1 0 0% 1 0 0% 2 0 0%
Switzerland 3 1 33% 2 2 100% 1 0 0%
Ukraine 1 1 100% 1 1 100% 1 1 100%
UK 10 3 30% 18 13 72% 25 13 52%
US 38 27 71% 38 36 95% 44 33 75%
Total 259 177 68% 277 217 78% 319 229 72%
Senior permanent and temporary Camparistas managers who are part of the local communities in the main countries:
117116
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 60:
INDEX >
•  Development culture: estab-
lishing integrated process-
es across the organisation to 
support the development of 
Camparistas at individual and 
company level.
TARGETS
•  Launched the first development 
solutions designed by the newly 
established Campari University.
•  Launched the first Campari 
Group Career Week.
•  Expanded the range of Lead-
ership and Management De-
velopment solutions available 
to Camparistas including a 
program targeted specifically 
at plant supervisors in Supply 
Chain.
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
•  Refine and embed Train the 
Trainer approach to better lev-
erage internal resources.
•  Design and release two new 
signature learning experienc-
es-Value Generation and Brand 
Building Academies to acceler-
ate organisational capability in 
these critical growth drivers.
•  Promote a new action learning 
development solution for high 
potential Camparistas.
NEXT STEPS
Campari Group believes that focused capability building 
across all levels of the organisation is a critical component for 
its long-term success. Indeed, Campari Group’s commitment 
to development is evident in its continued progress against 
the milestones of a multi-year HR Strategy. This strategy out-
lines a program of functional transformation designed to 
increase HR functional expertise and the effectiveness of 
the organisation’s people processes to drive development 
in three ways:
•  Developing Great Camparistas who have the skills and 
opportunities they need for professional growth;
•  Building critical capabilities to help Campari Group con-
tinue its successful growth agenda;
•  Growing the next generation of leaders who know how 
to engage and develop employees.
The following paragaphs will therefore describe the main ac-
tivities undertaken throughout 2023 in these areas and also 
highlight some of the longer-term actions planned for 2024 
and beyond.
DEVELOPING GREAT CAMPARISTAS
Campari Group recognises the importance of self-awareness 
as a foundational element in effective personal and profes-
sional development. The Group believes that development 
efforts must consider the unique requirements of individuals 
within the framework of their current and prospective roles. 
This is done through assessment, which is why the Group 
is investing in providing the right tools and ecosystem for 
Camparistas to do so.
Starting from 2023 the Group takes it one step further by lev-
eraging a talent assessment and talent management platform 
that allows to map, store and analyse all talent assessments. 
Through the aggregation and customization of assessments 
the Group is well positioned for getting holistic and mean-
ingful insights regarding Camparistas and their development 
in the organisation.
The journey began by bringing the Campari Group 360 
Feedback onto the platform, recently expanded into compe-
tency assessment for Marketing, Channel&Customer Market -
ing, and Sales teams, and the Group is looking for ways to 
integrate all existing assessments (Hogan, Insights Discovery).
360 FEEDBACK
The Group continues its investment in identifying the best 
opportunities for a leader’s growth and change through the 
Campari Group 360 Feedback based on the Leadership 
Model. The questionnaire and the end-to-end experience 
were revised to ensure the best development outcomes for 
both the Camparistas and the organisation.
HOGAN ASSESSMENT
For selected populations (managers and above), the Group 
continues to rely on Hogan assessment both as part of Group 
Talent Acquisition and the Talent Development portfolio, with 
1.4 Capability 
Building and People 
Development
23 internal certified assessors. Hogan provides a library of 
complementary personality assessments with the key goal of 
facilitating strategic self-awareness in leaders so that they 
understand how to better manage their own behaviour to 
increase their workplace success and effectiveness.
INSIGHTS DISCOVERY
Starting from 2023, the Group enriched its assessment tools 
portfolio with Insights Discovery, a psychometric tool suita-
ble for all levels and chosen as a powerful way to give par-
ticipants the foundation of self-awareness they need to be 
successful for developing themselves, working as part of an 
effective team, or leading others.
CAREER WEEK
In 2023, a full week was dedicated to career and develop-
ment talks, sessions and workshops focused on ‘People and 
Personal Brands’. Through 22 sessions run by 35 internal 
speakers on topics like self-awareness, personal branding, 
overcoming traditional learning, networking, coaching and 
mentoring, career conversations and triumphs in failure, more 
than 700 Camparistas participating were guided in defining 
their aspirations, clarifying concepts, sharing their goals and 
building their action plan.
The first Campari Group Career Week was held in Milan, 
while in November new sessions in Argentina, Brazil, and 
Peru were promoted, aimed not only at providing Camparis-
tas with practical tools for their everyday work and develop-
ment, but also featuring speakers sharing their personal and 
valuable experiences. The journey will continue worldwide in 
2024, starting from Canada, US and other European countries.
CAMPUS, THE CAMPARI GROUP UNIVERSITY
CAMPUS, the Campari Group University, became fully op-
erational in 2023, and is a clear sign of the Group’s com-
mitment to people development. The aim is to increase the 
level of organisation alignment behind capability building 
programs and initiatives, to continuously improve the overall 
quality of development solutions offered, and to implement 
a development system flexible enough to be adapted to the 
continuous growth of the Group.
To date, CAMPUS has delivered 645 different learning ses -
sions for a total amount of 3155 learning hours and 259 Cam-
paristas have been involved. To help Camparistas gain easier 
access to all relevant learning materials offered by Campus, 
an internal Campus SharePoint website was launched in 
March 2023.
LEARNING CULTURE
As CAMPUS expands its mission of strengthening the learn-
ing culture across Campari Group, more initiatives are being 
launched to clarify, enrich, and promote the learning offer 
available for all Camparistas across the globe. Among other 
notable initiatives for learning culture, in July 2023 the first 
edition of a brand new Book club open to all Camparistas 
was launched and a regular series of new Bookclub appoint-
ments is planned for 2024.
Campari Group’s ‘Learning Distillery’, which is the learning 
management system delivering online learning experiences 
to all office-based Camparistas, continues to be an important 
driver of our commitment to a development culture. Cam-
paristas have access to bespoke learning activities (such as 
cultural induction interactive courses, DEI e-workouts, or Fi-
nance for non-Finance intro course), as well as to the vast 
catalogue of courses offered by LinkedIn Learning.
As of 31 st December the Group has had:
•  857 Camparistas taking courses in the Learning Distillery 
at least one time, LinkedIn Learning included;
•  3,179 learning activities completed, LinkedIn Learning 
included;
•  An estimated total of 2,416 hours spent completing 3,170 
different online learning activities.
This data does not include any activity started, but not yet com-
pleted by Camparistas and do not include the Campus data.
119118
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 61:
INDEX >
BUILDING CRITICAL CAPABILITIES
A TRAIN THE TRAINER (‘TTT’) APPROACH 
TO CAMPARISTA’S DEVELOPMENT
The Group believes that a flexible and evolving TTT model, 
aimed at developing learning solutions in house rather than 
outsourcing them, offers a level of capability building that is 
more efficient and more suitable to Campari Group’s size and 
scale and ultimately more effective for a long-term growth. 
Several development solutions launched in 2023 have includ-
ed a TTT process to support local deployment and to date 
61 Camparistas (745 hours) were trained in the highly trans-
ferable skills of facilitation and training. The standard TTT 
process used at Campari Group typically follows a 3-stage 
learning journey which includes content walk through, live, 
face to face practice sessions and peer and expert feedback 
followed by co-delivery of the learning solutions to the rele-
vant target audience. The TTT model will continue to evolve 
in 2024 and will be applied in a targeted manner that reflects 
either the specific needs of local markets or the best way to 
accelerate growth in specific skills.
COMMERCIAL CAPABILITIES, PRODUCT
KNOWLEDGE&RARE
In 2023 Campari Group’s Commercial Academy was reno-
vated in the areas of communication, project planning and 
tracking in order to cultivate a more in-depth relationship 
with markets, regular collaborative planning and tracking 
sessions and foster the development of a self-sustaining 
Commercial Excellence community.
Cross-functional alignment and feedback mechanisms have 
been enhanced together with the commercial Learning Man-
agement System, Campari Catalyst, aimed at supplying mar-
kets with the resources and training tailored to their specific 
setup needs. Campari Group’s Commercial Academy’s com-
mitment to continuous improvement and strategic changes 
has fortified its sustainability, ensuring it remains at the fore-
front of Commercial Excellence.
FUNCTIONAL ACADEMIES
The Academies, dedicated to the Functional Development, 
aim to grow the functional knowledge and expertise required 
to support business strategy through learning activities that 
increase business awareness, technical skills and knowledge. 
Following a ‘theory to practice’ approach, the Academies de-
velop and promote business partnerships, cross-functional 
collaboration and real business cases to work on. To date, five 
Functional Academies have been established and an outline 
of each Academy’s goals is provided in the table below.
The Brand Building Academy provides a dynamic learning environment for Cam-
paristas to refine and elevate their skills, playing a crucial role in building iconic and 
profitable brands. The academy is dedicated to attracting and retaining the best 
talent from the brand building community, with a strong emphasis on ongoing 
growth and development.
MARKETING ACADEMY
Created to generate functional awareness and promote the business partnership 
model designed by Campari Group, The Finance Academy operates with the spir-
it of ‘Achieving Together’ encouraging finance participants to engage and interact 
with other company departments, offering financial acumen content, data-driven and 
structured real business case and moments for strategic networking and dialogue.
FINANCE ACADEMY
Campari Group’s Commercial Academy, rooted in a dynamic Capability Growth 
model, offers functional teams bespoke and personalized learning aligned with 
global best practices, thus contibuting to attract and retain exceptional talent. 
Through this model, the Academy underscores its commitment to fostering a cul-
ture of continuous growth and industry leadership.
COMMERCIAL ACADEMY
Campari Group is actively enhancing HR capabilities on a global scale through a 
series of Train the Trainer sessions (i.e., facilitation and coaching skills which are 
fundamental for business partnering) and to support the people agenda coher -
ently with business objectives.
HR FUNCTIONAL INITIATIVES
The Supply Chain Academy empowers Camparistas to build technical skills and 
knowledge essential for embracing a customer centric approach in the Group’s 
production and logistics processes. By providing insights into the entire supply 
chain journey, this initiative also seeks to equip Supply Chain professionals to 
serve as strategic business partners within the organisation. In 2023, starting from 
the extensive work done on management skills for front line leaders in plants, 
the foundations for a brand-new version of the Supply Chain Academy were laid. 
Increased focus will be given to front-line workers, equipping them with important 
skills in health and safety, maintenance, quality and continuous improvement. Con-
tent finetuning, design and pilot delivery will take place in 2024.
SUPPLY CHAIN ACADEMY
121120
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 62:
INDEX >
A number of these Academies began a process of redesign 
started in 2022 which has continued in 2023.
Also, the Finance For Non-Finance program empowers all 
Camparistas to understand the basics of financial language 
and tools, the mechanics of finance and value creation and 
how this is embedded across the organisation. This learning 
solution aim to convey a set of key measures and key fi-
nancial indicators to let our Camparistas understand financial 
performance compared to functions and business strategy.
CODE ON COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATION
As part of Campari Group’s commitment to promote safe con-
sumption of Group products, a bespoke mandatory e-learn-
ing experience is offered with the goal of raising awareness of 
how commercial communications can affect Group custom-
ers’ perception towards consumption of alcoholic beverages. 
The course ‘Code on Commercial Communication’ (targeted 
at all Camparistas in the Marketing, Communication and PR, 
Legal and ‘Public Affairs and Sustainability’ departments, as 
well as to new hires) sensitises Camparistas through a learn-
ing-by-doing approach about their role in promoting and en-
couraging responsible drinking worldwide, evaluating the ap-
propriateness of Group brands’ commercial communications.
GROWING THE NEXT GENERATION OF LEADERS
HIRING SKILLS FOR MANAGERS
In 2023 the Group’s approach to how to train managers for 
hiring skills has been redesigned. From defining needs with 
accuracy to conducting fair and evidence-based interviews, 
to providing equitable and objective feedback to power 
smart decisions, an approach to a ‘Campari way of hiring’ has 
been defined to make teams more resilient and effective in 
tackling all upcoming challenges. A pilot for the new Hiring 
Skills for Managers program debuted for a small population 
of managers in 2023, with a massive rollout starting in the last 
quarter of the year and continuing in 2024.
SPIRIT OF MANAGEMENT
2023 saw the rollout of a redesigned people management 
training program, the ‘Spirit of Management’, continuing the 
success of the 2022 pilot and scaling to hundreds more Cam-
paristas. A ‘New Managers’ program was launched in the EMEA 
and Americas region. Furthermore, more than 150 participating 
managers were offered the chance to engage in peer-led con-
tinuous development through practice sessions that connected 
all managers across different functions and regions, for a truly 
global Campari Group approach to core management skills 
such as coaching, feedback, handling difficult conversations, 
taking care of team development, prioritization and delega-
tion. CAMPUS is also working to increase the pool of internal 
management facilitators who can train managers at all levels 
focusing on teaching critical skills (in particular, coaching and 
feedback) through dedicated train-the-trainer sessions.
FRONT LINE SUPERVISORS MANAGEMENT
TRAINING
The improvement of career satisfaction, safety and wellbeing, 
employee retention, and work effectiveness of Camparistas 
working on the Supply Chain front line will be a key part of the 
Group’s success in the years to come. For this reason, in 2023, 
CAMPUS completed the co-design phase of the new Spirit 
of Management for Front-Line Leaders training program, ac-
tively involving and giving voice to a heterogeneous group of 
employees from all plants worldwide to uncover their specific 
needs and inform the shape of new training program. Using 
the same Train-the-Trainer approach, the Group started de-
ploying facilitation upskilling workshops for key leaders in the 
plants in Lawrenceburg (Kentucky), Arandas (Mexico), Novi 
Ligure and Canale (Italy), Kingston (Jamaica), and Derrimut 
(Australia). Selected managers in each of these plants then 
started training their own population of Front-Line Leaders, 
helping them build invaluable skills such as coaching, feed-
back, communication, decision making, delegation, recogni-
tion, and trust building through highly interactive, dynamic, 
and experiential training sessions designed with a flexible, 
iterative, and modular approach in mind. Three more iterative 
cycles of training are planned for design and delivery over 
the next 3 years in order to keep consolidating these impor-
tant management skills and meet the development needs of 
the front line in a progressive and continuous way.
NEW LEADERSHIP MODEL
The Group views leadership capability as a way to create 
competitive advantage and aims to develop a balanced form 
of leadership (both at the organisational and individual levels) 
that is closely aligned with the Group’s Values and Mission.
Campari Group’s new leadership model identifies five lead-
ership styles:
•  Purposeful Leaders;
•  Inspiring Leaders;
•  Authentic Leaders;
•  Agile Leadership;
•  Inclusive Leaders.
The new 360 Feedback Assessment has been built based on the 
five Leadership styles and a series of workshops designed to in-
troduce Leadership Teams to the main concepts behind the mod-
el have been rolled out and will continue across all organisation.
VALUE GENERATION
A bespoke 18 month learning experience was launched: 
Value Generation Signature Experience for Country Man -
aging Directors.
Designed as a continuous learning cycle, participants are en-
couraged to challenge their current leadership perspectives, 
uncover new opportunities to ignite innovation and foster 
valuable connections with peers and experts. The learning 
framework provides a dynamic experience of thought lead-
ership, field expeditions, business challenges and case stud-
ies, equipping leaders with the skills to further refine the 
future of Campari Group.
CAMPARI LEADERS  
DEVELOP  
OUR BUSINESS  
AND CULTURE
O U R  MISSIO
N
TO G E T HERNESS
I N T EGRITY
PA S SION
P R A G MATISM
IN
S
P I R I N G
A
G I L E
P
U
R
P
O S E F U
L
IN
C
L U S I V E
A
U
T
H E N T I C
123122
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 63:
INDEX >
25   The tables on training hours, including the average training hours per employee, have been calculated considering a population of 
4,913 Camparistas which refers to permanent and temporary employees but does not include those employees (20 in total) that do not 
declare their gender for personal reasons or according to specific local regulations.
26   In continuity with the tables on training hours, the training costs per employee have been calculated considering a population of 4,913 
Camparistas which refers to permanent and temporary employees but does not include those employees (20 in total) that do not 
declare their gender for personal reasons or according to specific local regulations.
Training hours by region, gender and professional category25  (2023):
Asia-Pacific Europe, Middle 
East and Africa North America South America Total
Men (hours) 1,286.8 29,461.3 16,047.2 2,952.7 49,747.9
Women (hours) 906.4 15,054.1 8,217.0 3,806.6 27,984.1
Management (hours) 594.8 7,717.6 1,466.4 1,212.5 10,991.2
Men (hours) 338.5 5,139.7 938.1 529.6 6,945.9
Women (hours) 256.3 2,577.9 528.3 682.9 4,045.3 
Non-management (hours) 1,598.4 36,797.8 22,797.8 5,546.8 66,740.8
Men (hours) 948.3 24,321.6 15,109.1 2,423.1 42,802.1
Women (hours) 650.1 12,476.2 7,688.7 3,123.7 23,938.7
Total (hours) 2,193.2 44,515.4 24,264.2 6,759.3 77,732
Average hours of annual training per employee (2023):
Asia-Pacific Europe, Middle 
East and Africa North America South America Total
Average hours of annual training 
per employee (man hours) 4.6 18.6 14.5 18.7 15.8
Men (hours) 4.2 20.9 15.3 13.2 16.6
Women (hours) 5.2 15.3 13.2 27.4 14.6
Management (hours) 7.7 15.2 8.4 24.7 13.6
Non-management (hours) 4 19.5 15.2 17.7 16.3
Average hours of annual training per employee-trend:
2021 2022 2023
Average hours of annual training 
per employee (man hours) 16.9 18.2 15.8
Men (hours) 19.1 19.3 16.6
Women (hours) 13.6 16.5 14.6
Management (hours) 19.6 16.8 13.6
Non-Management (hours) 16.4 19.2 16.3
€ million 2021 2022 2023
Trainings 3.5 5.2 5.6
Training costs per employee € 1,139.8 26
The data above does not include the Modern Workplace training hours, for which a precise count could 
not be tracked. The program was delivered in 2023 in Australia, Singapore, France and Martinique, New 
Zealand and United States (Wilderness Trail).
Investments in training:
125124
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 64:
INDEX >
1.5 Remuneration 
system
Campari Group Total Rewards strategy is aligned with the 
business strategy and the overall HR Strategy and is aimed 
at sustaining engagement and retention, contributing to the 
development of Camparistas, as well as ensuring productiv-
ity and business performance. The ultimate goal of Campari 
Group Rewards systems and programs is to enhance the 
Camparista experience and support the development of a 
great organisational culture to work for.
Four elements are considered in the remuneration of Cam-
paristas: their performance in recent years, their potential for 
further development, critical capabilities owned by the indi-
vidual, and strategic importance of the role covered.
Coherently with this overall philosophy, the remuneration 
policy for Executives, Directors and other Managers with 
strategic responsibilities is aimed at being competitive and 
encouraging top management’s retention, using four differ-
ent rewards tools:
•  A fixed salary;
•  An annual variable performance-based bonus;
•  A medium-term incentive;
•   A long-term incentive to ensure alignment with long-
term results.
In order to continue fostering the sense of ownership and 
entrepreneurship of Camparistas in line with our values, the 
ESOP and MTI plans remain in place:
•  Employee Stock Ownership Plan (‘ESOP’) recognises to 
Camparistas their active role in making a difference and 
investing in the company’s long-term success, enabling 
all permanent Camparistas (except Board members) with 
minimum seniority of six months at Campari, to par -
ticipate in the plan through a 1%, 3%, or 5% monthly 
payroll deduction. The Plan has been showing consist -
ent and increasing participation rates since its launch in 
2021, whereby the participation rate has increased from 
an already outstanding 51.6% in its first year, to 52.6% 
in 2022 and 53% in 2023. The strong response of Cam-
pari Group’s employees, deliberately contributing part of 
their salaries to ESOP, confirms their trust and long-term 
commitment to the Group’s future growth;
•  Restricted Stock Units (‘RSU’) Mid-Term Incentive Plan: to 
complement the equity compensation offer, the Group con-
tinues to employ its RSU Plan for all its management and 
above permanent Camparistas with a three-year vesting pe-
riod. A new grant has been issued during 2023 for newly 
hired or newly promoted Camparistas who became eligible.
REMUNERATION FAIRNESS AND EQUITY
Fairness and equity of reward practices have always been 
at the centre of Campari Group remuneration system. Fair 
and equitable compensation and opportunities are funda-
mental to employees’ well-being, integrity and engagement 
and each Camparista deserves equal pay for equal work and 
equal access to opportunities, irrespective of their gender 
or other personal characteristics. An objective and struc -
tured job evaluation system is in place: the internationally 
recognised International Position Evaluation (‘IPE’) method-
ology. Through the employment of this methodology, jobs 
are evaluated according to their responsibilities and can be 
compared both internally across functions and geographies 
to analyse internal equity, as well as externally, to determine 
competitiveness towards competitors.
EXTERNAL COMPARISON
This analysis has once again shown that Campari Group 
tends to pay a higher salary than the local minimum wage in 
the countries where it operates, as shown in the table below 
for the key countries for the Group in terms of number of 
employees.
Ratio between the standard salary (Annual Base Gross Sal-
ary) of newly hired employees and the local minimum wage 
broken down by country and gender:
GENDER FAIR PAY
At Campari Group, we recognise that achieving pay equi-
ty and closing the pay gap are crucial components of our 
commitment to sustainability and are an integral part of our 
system of values.
To honour this commitment, this year, Campari Group began 
to employ one of the industry’s leading workplace equity 
analytics platforms to address pay and opportunity equity. 
Campari Group is now able to run multivariate regression 
analyses, taking into account the Group’s pay policies and 
pay practices, to identify systematic differences in pay within 
employee groupings in accordance with skill, effort, respon-
sibility and working condition.
This new platform and the underlying methodology make 
it possible to conduct more comprehensive, frequent, and 
efficient pay equity analyses to monitor both unadjusted and 
adjusted pay gaps. Unadjusted gaps are the pay differences 
between men’s and women’s average or median pay, regard-
less of the type of role, level of responsibility, or experience. 
Adjusted gaps control for these factors and other pay poli-
cies with the goal of comparing employees doing substan-
tially similar work with similar characteristics.
The platform provides the results of a linear regression, 
which estimates a predicted compensation based on the pay 
policies included. This allows to identify statistically significant 
gaps and dig into the root causes for differences in pay. Ad-
ditionally, the tool includes a remediation approach in order 
to tackle any inequity the models identify.
The reporting of unadjusted and adjusted pay gaps includ-
ed in this 2023 Sustainability report are the first deliverable 
of this project. Additionally, by Spring 2024 the biggest op-
portunity gaps by country and function will be identified 
and a new process of remediation will start to resolve any 
systematic inequities that remain after all non-economic fac-
tors have been addressed.
2021 2022 2023
Countries Men Women Men Women Men Women
Argentina 320.0% 374.5% 307.5% 369.6% 337.4% 400.4%
Australia 125.7% 125.7% 123.1% 123.1% 114.7% 114.7%
Brazil 148.7% 271.9% 135.4% 228.5% 181.0% 181.0%
Canada 103.4% 103.4% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
France 106.2% 106.2% 109.6% 109.6% 108.8% 108.8%
Germany 178.1% 178.1% 179.4% 179.4% 179.4% 179.4%
Italy 110.1% 110.1% 105.7% 105.7% 100.0% 100.0%
Jamaica 196.0% 196.0% 121.3% 121.3% 110.7% 110.7%
Mexico 223.5% 223.5% 196.7% 196.7% 177.0% 177.0%
Russia 415.3% 449.5% 385.3% 456.1% 336.9% 366.8%
Singapore27 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Spain 125.3% 125.3% 125.3% 125.3% 116.1% 147.8%
United Kingdom 146.5% 110.5% 102.1% 102.1% 117.5% 113.3%
United States 132.8% 149.4% 134.9% 134.9% 144.7% 144.7%
27  Singapore has no minimum wage laws or regulations.
127126
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 65:
INDEX >
To sustain the Group’s commitment to pay equity, ongo -
ing monitoring and reporting will be carried out. Regular 
reviews of compensation practices will be conducted, and 
any necessary adjustments will be recorded and made. The 
progress will continue to be tracked and reported annu-
ally through the Group Sustainability reports, ensuring all 
stakeholders to be constantly informed of the Group’s ef-
forts and results.
According to ESRS disclosure standards, the male-female pay 
gap is defined as the difference between average gross hourly 
earnings of male paid employees and of female paid employ-
ees expressed as a percentage of average gross hourly earnings 
of male paid employees. Campari Group discloses this informa-
tion in the table below, for the key countries in terms of num-
ber of employees, also reporting the adjusted pay gap which 
accounts for other factors (i.e., level of experience, job content 
and responsibility, performance and geography) affecting pay.
According to the GRI standard, the percentage ratio between the average remuneration of female 
Camparistas with a permanent contract28 as compared to men (unadjusted gender pay gap), with a 
breakdown by country and professional classification, is given below.
Countries Unadjusted Pay Gap Adjusted Pay Gap
Argentina 117.4% 97.6%
Australia 115.8% 97.8%
Brazil 110.5% 97.3%
Canada 95.0% 103.0%
France 86.0% 96.0%
Germany 96.0% 98.0%
Italy 96.0% 100.0%
Jamaica 117.0% 94.0%
Mexico 86.7% 96.2%
Russia 95.2% 99.2%
Singapore 87.0% 100.1%
Spain 94.0% 97.0%
United Kingdom 89.9% 99.2%
United States 122.0% 101.0%
28   Remuneration: ABGS (Annual Base Gross Salary) + bonus (i.e: short-term incentives, sales incentives, local bonuses). 
Annual Base Gross Salary (‘ABGS’): fixed minimum amount paid to an employee for the performance of their duties, excluding any additional compensation
Percentage ratio between the average total remuneration of female employees and the average 
total remuneration of male employees, by country and professional classification (2023):
Countries
Senior 
Management 
and above
Management Senior 
Professional Professional Specialist/
General Staff
Prod. 
Operator
Argentina 67.5% 103.6% 98.2% 89.0% 93.2% -
Australia 87.2% 97.7% 86.8% 89.7% 98.2% 92.5%
Brazil 140.7% 99.7% 88.9% 102.4% 107.3% 67.5%
Canada - 97.9% 102.7% 106.9% 92.1% 85.5%
France 79.5% 87.4% 89.4% 98.6% 108.7% 87.9%
Germany 88.0% 86.6% 93.7% 99.5% 125.6% -
Italy 89.1% 96.1% 96.2% 89.2% 107.8% 97.4%
Jamaica 67.3% 99.8% 104.8% 99.0% 105.6% 116.9%
Mexico 73.6% 71.9% 88.8% 95.9% 97.2% 90.1%
Russia 89.4% 89.6% 101.3% 103.3% 93.6% -
Singapore 124.9% 95.7% 119.0% 97.5% 116.7% -
Spain 73.9% 93.1% 101.8% 97.0% 105.7% -
United Kingdom 101.2% 96.9% 91.5% 99.8% - 56.7%
United States 111.0% 104.7% 101.6% 110.6% 119.7% 99.2%
129128
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 66:
INDEX >
Percentage ratio between the base salary (Annual Base Gross Salary) of female employees and the base 
salary of male employees, by country and professional position (2023):
Countries
Senior 
Management 
and above
Management Senior 
Professional Professional Specialist/
General Staff Prod. Operator
Argentina 68.6% 103.6% 98.2% 94.3% 96.1% -
Australia 89.6% 98.3% 86.5% 91.6% 97.1% 92.5%
Brazil 139.1% 99.1% 90.1% 103.8% 105.3% 73.4%
Canada - 98.9% 102.3% 107.0% 92.0% 85.5%
France 79.5% 88.8% 90.1% 99.8% 109.0% 87.9%
Germany 89.4% 87.4% 94.1% 99.5% 125.6% -
Italy 90.1% 96.4% 96.8% 93.6% 107.8% 97.4%
Jamaica 69.2% 99.9% 104.9% 98.8% 105.4% 117.1%
Mexico 73.6% 73.2% 88.6% 97.3% 97.2% 90.1%
Russia 89.4% 90.2% 101.9% 109.2% 96.9% -
Singapore 122.9% 96.3% 117.4% 97.0% 116.7% -
Spain 80.0% 94.2% 101.1% 99.3% 104.0% -
United Kingdom 100.7% 97.4% 91.7% 102.0% - 56.7%
United States 110.1% 105.4% 102.4% 110.9% 118.9% 99.2%
Any differences in the average figure may result from a greater number of men or women at a particular 
site or from the recruitment of new Camparistas during the reference year for the analysis.
INTERNAL DISTRIBUTION
According to the GRI Standards Disclosure 2-21, the Annual 
total compensation ratio is calculated as the ratio of the an-
nual total compensation for the organisation’s highest-paid 
individual to the median annual total compensation for all 
employees at end of the year (excluding the highest-paid 
individual).
29  The Group’s employees median remuneration is calculated taking into account the base salary and the short-term incentives. The other components of the 
remuneration (mid-term incentives and long-term incentives) are excluded from the calculation due to the impossibility of retrieving the information.
30  The Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration is calculated taking into account the base salary and the short-term incentives. The other components of the 
remuneration (mid-term incentives and long-term incentives) are excluded from the calculation due to the impossibility of retrieving the information for all 
employees at end of the year.
Median remuneration of all employees29:
2022 2023
Median remuneration of employees (€) 48,545 50,715
The CEO internal pay ratio, calculated in line with Article 2:135b subsection 3 of the Dutch Civil Code and 
Best Practice Provision 3.4.1 DCGC at 31 December 2023 and equivalent to 40.8 times, is disclosed in the 
Governance section of the Annual report to which reference is made.
Annual compensation ratio Chief Executive Officer30:
2022 2023
Robert Kunze-Concewitz
Chief Executive Officer  
and Executive Director
56.5 62.8
131130
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 67:
INDEX >
1.6 Camparistas’ involvement 
with the environment, well-
being and social activities
Campari Group’s activities to improve Camparistas’ well-being 
and their work-life balance continue. Programs are continually 
introduced at the Group’s offices and facilities to encourage 
a healthier lifestyle, including the provision of fitness areas, 
the distribution of educational material on good eating hab-
its, workshops on nutrition, immune system and well-being, 
and a better work-life balance by offering essential support to 
working women and new parents such as day care services in 
partnership with local structures and organisations and child 
care subsidies. In this regard, the company has implemented 
a smart working policy that, based on the policies adopted at 
local level, allows the majority of Camparistas to work remotely, 
wherever permitted by labour, environmental and security con-
ditions. More flexible working methods are promoted, to bring 
benefits for both Camparistas and the company, encouraging 
a better work-life balance, helping employees in managing 
daily routines, especially those that are parents of young or 
disabled children and carers of adults, and increasing employ-
ees’ responsibilities in pursuing company objectives and results. 
Smart working is thus a more effective working solution, based 
on trust and responsibility, collaboration and flexibility.
MAIN PROJECTS DEVELOPED
CAMPARI GROUP ITALY
With the objective of increasingly reconciling private life 
with work, every Camparista at the Global HQs and the pro-
duction sites in Italy, under the scheme of ‘Welfare Family’ 
through a dedicated online portal and an app, can find all 
information on existing services and new proposals on offer.
For example, the Company offers flu vaccination services, 
enrolment in supplementary pension funds, management of 
health funds and insurance policies, and a network of specif-
ic agreements, all managed from a dedicated portal. 
The Company Service Desk is among the most successful 
services offered, aimed at facilitating the handling of person-
al and daily needs, such as the ‘Company butler’, post office, 
laundry and Pick Up Point.
As part of the Welfare Family program, after having carried 
out in the past years the ‘Discover Your Talent(s)’ initiative, 
a day dedicated to Camparistas’ children to support them 
in their transition from the world of studies to the world of 
work, also a special ‘orientation’ initiative has been offered to 
all parents who are supporting their children in their choice 
of high school. In 2023 a special digital ‘Open Week’ was 
created and dedicated to the ‘Future of Work’.
In 2023, for the first time, a Summer Camp was created and 
dedicated to the children of Camparistas aged between four 
and twelve, with the aim of better reconciling the needs 
of children on holiday with the needs of working parents. 
Among the programs aimed at promoting health and well-
ness, a series of live seminars on the importance of nutrition 
are offered and held by nutritionists, together with some re-
lated video pills always available on the Welfare Portal.
The successful partnership with ISSIM (Istituto Servizio So-
ciale nell’Impresa-Corporate Social Service Institute) is going 
on, through which Welfare Family makes a Specialist Coun-
seling Service provided by psychologists available for free to 
Camparistas. A psychologist is available to give professional 
support in order to reactivate personal resources and skills to 
achieve full autonomy in managing the time of changes and 
personal, family and work discomfort. The service offered to 
Camparistas and provided in Italian or English is based on a 
non-judgmental and helpful listening relationship, in a neu-
tral space in which professional confidentiality by ISSIM and 
compliance with privacy regulations are guaranteed. 
Alongside its mission of being an active ‘corporate citizen’ 
by taking care of the people and places in which Campari 
Group is present, the partnership with the FAI has been re-
newed as Corporate Golden Donor. FAI ‘Fondo Ambiente 
Italiano’ (The National Trust for Italy) is a non-profit founda-
tion established in 1975 with the aim of protecting and en-
hancing Italy’s historical, artistic and landscape heritage. For 
Camparistas who wish to join the FAI, as corporate member, 
a series of facilitations are provided, for example free or dis-
counted admission to all FAI Properties in Italy.
For the first time this year a seminar was held for senior 
managers, together with the Fasi (Supplementary Health 
Care Fund for managers of companies producing goods and 
services), to better learn how to use all the services provided.
Finally, a partnership with Lega Italiana per la Lotta contro i Tu-
mori-the Italian anti-cancer league (‘LILT’) has been reactivated for 
all HQs employees offering free preventive medical examinations.
In addition, through Welfare Family, eligible Camparistas can 
convert part of each employee’s Performance Bonus into a 
Welfare Credit to be spent on an additional range of services 
designed for Camparistas and their families.
CAMPARI GROUP FRANCE
In France, several activities for the well-being of employees 
continued to be organised also in 2023. Among these, the 
new collective project Qualquoo was developed in all sites 
and it’s aimed at improving the quality of the working life 
through the implementation of specific optimisation and 
continuous improvement actions per department, all de-
signed an led by the employees themselves. A specific focus 
has been put on the DEI space with training and focus group 
to support a culture of inclusion. Also, a new internal commu-
nication strategy and editorial plan has been implemented, 
covering all aspects of the employee’s working life (i.e., to 
share information on products, projects, training schemes, 
and to sensitize on the importance of the quality of life in the 
workplace, ergonomics, etc.).
CAMPARI GROUP UK
In the UK, the Campari Council, an employee group with 
representation across the business that participates in organ-
ising activities promoting employee engagement, was imple-
mented. Most of the activities are driven by the results of the 
Great Place To Work® survey to enhance employee well-be-
ing and community&social connection. Some of the activ -
ities developed include lunch&learn sessions with experts 
on nutrition, sleep, and mindfulness; organised happy hour; 
cultural activities such as visiting a museum; online cooking 
classes; etc. In January 2023 Campari UK run its first ‘Orange 
Tuesday’, a wellbeing day with session focused on health and 
wellness (i.e., yoga, meditation and sound bath classes to-
gether with healthy food were provided for employees).
Camparistas in UK continued to participate in the Cycle to 
Work Scheme, a government scheme that encourages sus -
tainable commuting by using a bike instead of a car. Employ-
ees are able to select a bike of their choice (up to £2,000) for 
commuting. The company will pay for the bike upfront and 
deduct it on a monthly basis from the employee’s salary (with 
a selected payment period of up to 18 months). The addi -
tional benefit is that deductions to salary are before tax, and 
therefore both employees and employer can make savings 
on national insurance contributions (social security payments).
CAMPARI GROUP GERMANY
In Germany, Camparistas can benefit from an Employee Assis-
tance Program (‘EAP’), a confidential support service that helps 
employees to solve a wide range of problems and challenges 
in their private and work lives at no cost. The company es -
tablished a partnership with JobRad through which employees 
can lease a bike or a e-bike for 36-months; Campari Group 
Deutschland gives a bonus of €10.00 per bike per month and 
employees pay the rest of the leasing fee through salary con-
version. Through that conversion Camparistas benefit from tax 
and social security savings. By leasing through JobRad, Cam-
paristas in Germany save money, keep fit and travel sustainably.
CAMPARI GROUP CANADA
An Health and Wellness Committee has been established in 
Canada, made up of seven Camparistas and dedicated to 
promoting a healthy working environment within the organ-
isation and to support Camparistas through multiple internal 
initiatives. Some of the initiatives that the committee champi-
oned for the year 2023 are: the Healthy Smoothie Day, during 
which everyone in the office was invited to enjoy and learn 
about health smoothies; the Mental Health Day, a day off 
for all Camparistas in Canada; National Beach Clean Up, the 
committee organised for each team across Canada to have 
a beach clean team building event; H20, water bottles were 
provided as a part of this initiative to ensure our Camparistas 
stay always hydrated.
In addition, the Personal Wellness Allowance is granted to all 
full time Camparistas from the date of employment. This is an 
annual taxable benefit, limited to CAD350, that the Campar-
istas can spend on fitness services, fitness equipment, health 
products and services, work-life balance support, education 
and personal development, green living support, safety initi-
atives, professional services and insurance premiums.
CAMPARI GROUP UNITED STATES
Among the initiatives aimed at improving the well-being of 
employees, Campari US has implemented the EAP for men-
tal and financial well-being and the Sequoia partnership for 
financial advocacy and planning. The EAP EmployeeConnect 
offers professional, confidential services to help Camparistas 
and their family to improve the quality of their life, accessible 
anytime online, on the mobile app or with a toll-free call. 
Services provided include information and referrals on family 
matters, such as child and elder care, pet care, vacation plan-
ning, moving, car buying, college planning and more; legal 
information and referrals for family law, estate planning, con-
133132
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 68:
INDEX >
sumer and civil law; financial guidance on household budg-
eting and short- and long-term planning. On top of articles, 
tutorials, videos, and interactive tools, including financial cal-
culators and budgeting worksheets, experienced profession-
als provide counselling, work-life advice and referrals. Also, a 
Wellness Fund was established, which provides USD50 gross 
per month for employees to use towards wellness activities. 
On-site and virtual mindfulness activities have been hosted 
and employees had access to Calm, a multifaceted medita-
tion, sleep and relaxation app.
CAMPARI GROUP AUSTRALIA
AND NEW ZEALAND
Many internal awareness-raising services and welfare programs 
are offered by the company in Australia and New Zealand. 
Through the Employee Assistance Program MyCoach, Cam -
pari Group Australia provides employees with consultancy 
services relating to personal, financial, health or work-related 
issues. Participation in this program remains strictly confidential: 
employees can participate by calling a direct number to get 
in touch with the external coach without having to share the 
request with either their manager or the respective HR depart-
ment. The company offers Camparistas the opportunity to be 
qualified in first aid and mental health first aid, and partnered 
with Healthy Minds Program during October Mental Health 
Awareness month to deliver weekly mental health seminars for 
all Camparistas. Since July 2023, the Asia Pacific Region has also 
facilitated internal wellness sessions on a monthly basis, aiming 
to increase awareness of a range of wellbeing topics, including 
stress management, sleep, adaption to change.
All Camparistas also benefit from fitness allowance support, 
flu immunizations voucher for the winter season, and ‘summer 
hours’ enabling them to spend more time outdoors. Among 
the various activities, the ‘R U OK Day’ continued, a day estab-
lished to raise employee awareness, promoted in partnership 
with R U OK (a non-profit organisation focused on suicide pre-
vention), which seeks to remind everyone of the importance of 
taking an interest in their colleagues’ lives, talking and connect-
ing with them, as well as providing Camparistas with the neces-
sary tools and resources-including a voucher to purchase apps, 
books or podcasts beneficial to people’s wellbeing. To actively 
support their professional development, Camparistas are able 
to attend an external course and Campari Group Australia will 
reimburse 80% of the fee upon successful completion.
CAMPARI GROUP BRAZIL
Two central welfare and well-being programs for Camparistas 
and their families continue to be promoted by Campari do 
Brasil: ‘Um brinde a sua saúde’ (A Toast To Your Life), which 
aims to assist, prevent and raise awareness about health is-
sues, and ‘Conte Comigo’ (Count on Me) which offers legal, 
financial and psychological assistance.
Other initiatives continued to be implemented during 2023: 
work flexibility policies to achieve a work-life balance (i.e., 
flexible working schedule and work-free birthday days); a 
‘Gympass benefit’ to encourage employees to exercise by 
facilitating access to different gyms at discounted prices; an-
nual medical check-ups for all employees; dental, medical 
and life insurance; office massage service (once per week); 
vaccination programs; shuttle service for employees who live 
in the state of Sorocaba (where the Group’s plant is located); 
public transportation tickets for all employees; start of school 
year voucher ‘Educa Campari’; quarterly townhalls to keep 
all Camparistas informed about the business and to foster 
relationships among them.
CAMPARI GROUP ARGENTINA
Campari Group Argentina continues the implementation of the 
‘Contá Conmigo’ (Count on me) program, which offers legal, 
nutritional, financial and psychological assistance to Campar-
istas and their families. Also, new economic benefits continue 
to be granted, such as refunds for Wi-Fi service for employees 
who work from home or offering Camparistas the possibility 
to buy essential products at special prices thanks to a partner-
ship with Unilever. Other benefits include: health and sports 
club memberships through online and onsite training, home 
office equipment for every Camparista to allow them to work 
more comfortably, additional holidays, a reduced working hour 
schedule on Fridays, a reduced working schedule for mothers 
who have just ended their parental leave, annual medical check-
ups, vaccination programs, annual Family Day, end of year party, 
invitations to events sponsored by the company brands.
CAMPARI GROUP JAMAICA
In Jamaica, Campari Group has always been particularly 
attentive to Camparistas’ health, raising their awareness re-
garding the importance of prevention. In 2023 J. Wray&Neph-
ew continued to grant the Campari Support Hotline, where 
Camparistas are able to receive direct support from trained 
psychologists for their mental health and well-being, and has 
been promoting health awareness initiatives, such as the Hy-
dration Wednesdays Campaign for Supply Chain employees 
and the Heat Awareness Education campaign to sensitize 
Camparistas during the hottest times of the year on how to 
prevent heat stress, how to treat it, and the warning signs 
and symptoms to look out for. Camparistas in Jamaica also 
continued to participate to the Sagicor Sigma Corporate Run, 
a road-running event designed to inspire fun, fitness and 
camaraderie among Jamaica’s business and fitness communi-
ties. Since the start of the charity road race in 1999, over 500 
million dollars has been donated to numerous beneficiaries.
CAMPARI GROUP PERU
In Campari Group Peru the Employee Assistance Program 
providing legal, nutritional, financial and psychological assis-
tance to Camparistas and their families continued. Similarly, a 
well-being program for employees continued in 2023, offering 
a variety of activities that support the health and well-being 
of people, such as: psychologists, nutritionists, online classes 
of different disciplines to exercise the body; challenges and 
experiences in groups; annual medical check-ups; etc. In ad-
dition, for cinema and travel enthusiasts, Campari Group Peru 
has initiated collaborations with external partners, enabling 
employees to purchase cinema tickets and exclusive stays at 
special prices. A new project, ‘Camparista en Campo’ (Cam -
parista on the Field), was developed involving all Camparistas 
in the market with the purpose to obtain key information from 
the stores by visiting off-trade points of sale. The goal was not 
only to provide improvement opportunities, but also to foster 
the teamwork, engagement with the business and belonging 
even for those employees who do not come into their work 
in direct contact with the product. Also, a calendar of events 
was set and shared with all Camparistas to increase connec-
tion among people: ‘Happy Hours’ promoted every month 
to bond with colleagues (e.g., cocktail lessons, the launch of 
new drink strategies, etc.); virtual recurring breakfast to share 
business updates and news about the Group’s brands, and 
launch new programs; townhalls every quarter through which 
to share the main business updates and next steps.
CAMPARI GROUP MEXICO
Campari Challenge is a physical training program promoted 
since 2016, where, through healthy competition, Camparistas 
are helped to improve their physical condition and to gen-
erate a change from routine habits to healthy and dietary 
habits. The initiative is supported by personalized nutritional 
counseling, which includes regular assessments of key met-
rics such as weight, body mass index, and muscle mass. Ad-
ditionally, strategic partnerships with gyms are established to 
offer diverse physical activities. In the first days of the chal-
lenge, all participants, in teams of five Camparistas, undergo 
a physical evaluation to determine their initial body parame-
ters to develop their nutritional and training plans, to which 
they will stick during the entire 6-week challenge. Every week 
a nutritionist visits the offices to evaluate the weekly results 
of all participants and give them a new training and diet 
plan for the following week. At the end of the challenge, the 
best team and the best individual performance are rewarded 
for their achievements. This approach seeks to not only im-
prove participants’ nutritional health but also encourage an 
active lifestyle. Employees, in fact, can benefit from special-
ized guidance, ongoing progress monitoring, and access to 
fitness facilities, contributing to a healthier work environment 
and the overall promotion of well-being among the staff.
CAMPARI GROUP SOUTH AFRICA
The Campari Lifestyle Program was developed in South Afri-
ca in collaboration with Kaelo to offer Camparistas and their 
families all-round wellness support i.e., coaching, counselling, 
financial advice, legal advice, road accident fund, workman’s 
compensation, retrenchment support, training, affordable 
credit and salary advance mechanisms, trauma intervention 
and people manager coaching. Camparistas and families 
have also access to the Panda App to join live audio sessions 
with mental experts to better understand the daily challeng-
es they may face, evaluate and monitor their progress, which 
is possible thanks to self-guided content and constant chat 
support with a specialised counsellor.
135134
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 69:
INDEX >
1.7 Industrial  
relations
Campari Group recognises the importance of continuing to 
develop solid, trust-based relations with its social partners, 
given their important role in improving competitiveness and 
employment as part of the company’s clear commitment to 
social responsibility. Union relations are therefore important 
and strategic in a highly competitive context which is charac-
terised by mergers, acquisitions and exceptional events that 
go beyond regular business.
The Group’s companies maintain constant and ongoing relations 
with trade unions, and this represents more than mere respect of 
agreements made locally or nationally, but is a serious, real and 
objective dialogue to guarantee respect for roles and people, 
without ever losing sight of the corporate goal of efficiency.
In addition to the content of the Italian national labour con-
tract and the interconfederal contracts, Camparistas in Italy 
are also subject to the content of the so-called supplemen-
tary second level contract which was last renewed on 19 July 
2023 and valid until the end of the year 2025, in which tools 
for greater work-life balance attention, such as smart work -
ing, were confirmed and permits for caregiving activities 
were expanded. Also, the negotiations for the renewal of the 
Italian national labour contract for the Food Industry began, 
upon the request from trade unions for a more equilibrated 
work-life balance, with the aim to find shared and sustaina-
ble solutions able to reconcile these requests with the com-
petitiveness of businesses.
Currently, there are 4 collectively negotiated national labour 
contracts in force: the Food Industry Contract (for almost all 
employees), the Services Sector Contract applicable to the 
Camparistas of Campari International S.r.l., the public sec -
tor contract (tourism sector) connected to Camparino and 
Terrazza Aperol bars, and for Executives, the agreement for 
Executives of goods and services producers.
In 2023 around 14% of all Camparistas in Italy were members 
of trade unions.
Good trade union relations made it possible to sign agree -
ments at local level on production sites, which made it possible 
to meet extraordinary market needs resulting from the resump-
tion of social relations, by means of overtime or flexibility. 
With reference to the Sesto San Giovanni headquarters, a 
trade union agreement was signed on smart working, which 
incorporated the company principle of an efficient alterna-
tion between remote and in-presence work. A number of 
measures were confirmed by the parties to manage the safe-
ty of the working environment in line with current regulations 
and to ensure the health of all workers.
Throughout 2023, the parties (the company and workers’ 
representatives) maintained constant and ongoing dialogue, 
thus successfully preserving the existing excellent union re-
lations, ensuring, through respect for the parties’ roles and 
agreement on suitable solutions, workers’ safety and busi-
ness efficiency. In 2023, 474 hours of strikes were proclaimed. 
137136
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 70:
INDEX >
Sustainable improvement in the 
health and safety management 
system through the realization of 
initiatives within the following fun-
damental areas:
•  Common approach to high-
risk processes and tasks;
• Functional Excellence;
• Culture and Leadership;
• Common Performance Metrics;
• Continuous Improvement.
TARGETS
•  Initiated Hazard and Opera-
bility (HAZOP) assessments to 
ensure design safety for new 
equipment and processes 
across multiple manufacturing 
sites (Mexico, Jamaica, France).
•  Launched a global Incident 
Management and Root Cause 
Analysis Training Program.
•  Expanded the Behavioural Ob-
servation (BOW) program to 
include front line workers.
•  Created a PBI dashboard to in-
crease visibility for safety per-
formance.
•  Initiated a Safety Alert program 
to share event information 
across sites and track correc-
tive and preventive actions.
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
•  Release of a new HS platform 
to all plants and offices (cur-
rently in active use at 4 plants), 
to achieve a common system 
for HS data reporting.
•  Development of a Process 
Safety Management guideline 
to formalise safety process de-
sign for hazardous processes.
•  Build out Functional Excellence 
fundamental with formalised 
safety course completion for 
specific roles.
•  Deployment of additional 
functional excellence trainings 
to further improve capabilities.
NEXT STEPS
Campari Group considers the health, integrity and well-being 
of its employees, contractors, visitors and the communities in 
which it operates to be of primary and critical importance. 
Risk awareness and mitigation along with training, engage-
ment and empowerment of Camparistas and contractors 
are critical elements to the Group health and safety (‘HS’) 
management program. In 2023, Campari Group continued 
to focus specific actions around five key fundamentals iden-
tified in 2021: Common Approach to High-Risk Processes/
Areas, Common Performance Metrics, Culture and Leader -
ship, Functional Excellence and Continuous Improvement. 
These actions, described below, have helped the Group to 
continue the evolution of its global HS program and achieve 
improved employee capability, engagement and continued 
injury/illness reductions.
COMMON APPROACH TO HIGH-RISK 
PROCESSES/AREAS
MACHINERY SAFEGUARDING
In 2023, the machinery safeguarding global program has 
been further strengthened by creating five additional guide-
lines. Each guideline established clear safety expectations 
for specific machine types and was deployed with a training 
program to ensure Camparistas in operations, maintenance, 
engineering, and HS groups understood the new require-
ments. In addition, machinery safeguarding risk assessments 
were completed and remediation order of machines was pri-
oritized across locations.
1.8 Health and safety  
in the workplace
POWERED INDUSTRIAL VEHICLE (‘PIV’)
Improvements on the PIV global program were made across 
the Group’s sites. Additionally, multiple plants in Europe and 
the Americas leveraged technology to strengthen the PIV/
Pedestrian safety through the utilization of ultra-wide band 
and/or camera-based vehicle and pedestrian detection sys-
tems. These systems detect pedestrians/vehicles and reduce 
the speed of the approaching vehicle when a pre-deter-
mined proximity is reached. To standardize this technology, 
a global request for Proposal (‘RFP’) was released in October 
and will provide standardized capability, cost, and service for 
this technology across all plants.
PROCESS SAFETY ANALYSES
To ensure the new equipment and processes are ‘safe by 
design’, the use of process safety analyses, specifically, Haz-
ard and Operability Assessments (‘HAZOP’) and Preliminary 
Hazard Assessments (‘PHA’) for complex processes has been 
initiated. A complex process is one involving multiple, inter-
related components and/or that uses hazardous chemicals 
or energies. In 2023, this method of analysis was used in new 
and existing equipment installations in Mexico and Jamaica. 
In 2024, Campari Group will continue with these analyses 
and also initiate a multi-year process of establishing process 
safety as a formal discipline within the Group.
COMMON PERFORMANCE METRICS
In 2023, four metrics were added to the regional HS perfor -
mance tracking. (1) To raise employee engagement in safety, 
a goal was set to have 50% of the Group front-line popu-
lation participate in a Behavioural Observation Walkaround 
(‘BOW’). The BOW is a tool to identify safe and at-risk behav -
iours and conditions and to receive real time feedback from 
front-line workers. (2) In addition to employee participation 
in BOWs, the Group begun measuring the percentage of 
investigations against the total number of incidents expe-
rienced at the site. Lastly, two metrics around the on-time 
closure of corrective and preventive actions (‘CAPAs’) were 
introduced. A CAPA is defined as targeted action arising out 
of the investigation of an event (i.e., incident or near miss). 
(3) The first CAPA metric introduced in 2023 measures the 
overall percentage of CAPAs closed on-time. (4) The second 
CAPA measures on-time completion of CAPAs that are the 
result of high-risk events. To drive visibility, a Power BI31 dash-
board was created that allows performance to be viewed at 
the site, region, and group level.
CULTURE AND LEADERSHIP
In 2023, Campari Group continued increasing leadership and 
employee engagement in safety. More than 50% of front-line 
workers participated in BOW with a management team mem-
ber. In addition to this, safety day activities were held across 
many of the Group’s sites giving Camparistas and contractors 
an enjoyable and engaging way to learn about safety pro-
grams and participate in safety activities. As part of the ‘Olho 
no risco’ (Eye on the risk) program in Brazil, Camparistas and 
contractors are recognised and rewarded for spotting, com-
municating, and providing suggestions for improving safety 
at work. Lastly, the Group plant in Capilla del Senor, Argen-
tina, launched a program where employees share photos of 
their loved ones to give a visual representation of why they 
work safely every day. These individual programs illustrate 
the core of the Group culture and leadership fundamen-
tal which is empowering and engaging front-line workers. 
To further strengthen the visible leadership for health and 
safety, a new program will be initiated in 2024 called the 
‘Leadership Safety Check’ which will be a brief HS assess-
ment performed at the Group’s sites by a member of the 
global leadership team. Through this exercise, global leaders 
will assess specific health and safety program elements dur-
ing their visits. The outputs from these assessments (positives 
and opportunities for improvement) will be maintained in the 
global health and safety management software platform and 
used as a continuous improvement tool.
31  Power BI is a collection of software services, apps, and connectors that work together to turn unrelated sources of data into coherent, visually immersive, and 
interactive insights.
139138
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 71:
INDEX >
FUNCTIONAL EXCELLENCE
Strong progress was made in functional excellence fundamen-
tal. In 2022, a 360 degree anonymous survey was conducted 
to learn from management teams about safety areas to be 
improved. In 2023, two of the most common opportunities for 
improvement were addressed, namely incident response and 
risk assessment and new training programs on incident man-
agement and root cause analysis and risk assessment were 
deployed into the six languages spoken across the Group’s 
plants (English, French, Greek, Italian, Portuguese, and Span-
ish). The feedback on the initial training was overwhelmingly 
positive and many sites have made the decision to extend 
the training to their front-line workers. These trainings are 
incorporated into the Group Learning Management System 
to ensure new hires are receiving the training as part of their 
onboarding. In 2024, the Group will continue to build HS con-
tent to establish a library of training and plan to use a com -
bination of live, in-person and self-directed computer-based 
training to build capability across all organisational levels.
CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
The Group continuous improvement journey includes simplic-
ity, synergy, and a common approach to HS. In 2023, Campari 
Group achieved a significant milestone by the initial deploy-
ment of Sphera, the new health and safety software platform. 
Prior to Sphera, events, CAPAs, inspections, HS training, among 
other data were scattered and managed disjointedly; Sphera is 
housing all elements under one platform. The next phase of 
Sphera deployment will offer more synergies and simplifica-
tions (i.e., hazard reporting) while increasing efficiencies (i.e., 
using a mobile device for real-time event reporting). In 2024, 
the use of EdAPP, the mobile enabled learning platform to en-
gage and provide micro lessons to front line workers and lead-
ers, will continue. This tool will offer the following advantages 
over the traditional training methods: reaching out to large 
populations of Camparistas and contractors without access to 
a Campari email address, and receiving real-time feedback on 
training completion, comprehension, topic, content and meth-
od of delivery. Receiving feedback will enable to tailor future 
topics and continually improve the learner’s experience.
ACCIDENTS
The Group’s primary reporting group included in its injury 
statistics is ‘Permanent Workers’. This group includes Cam -
paristas and permanent contractors. Permanent contractors 
are defined as contractors who maintain a continuous pres-
ence on Campari Group’s sites and, in many cases, work 
side-by-side with Camparistas. Permanent contractors in -
clude security guards, third-party logistics providers, tempo-
rary staffing workers, contracted housekeeping, or facilities 
maintenance personnel. Injury and near-miss events involv-
ing these groups are measured and investigated in the same 
manner as Camparistas. For this reason, our primary report-
ing view on injury performance will be with this permanent 
worker group. In the sections below, primary comparisons 
regarding injury and near miss event performance will be 
based on this permanent worker population.
Compared to the previous year, there was a slight increase 
in the total number of injury incidents involving Camparistas 
(+1%). While the total number of injury incidents for Campar-
istas increased, the injury frequency index (injury incidents 
per million hours worked) and severity index (lost workdays 
due to injury per thousand hours worked) declined by 11% 
and 26%, respectively. A larger increase in contractor injuries 
was seen in 2023 (+30%), but with an overall reduction in in-
jury severity index (-67%). One additional manufacturing site 
was added to the reporting perimeter compared to 2022. 
This site had 4 total injury incidents in 2023. The overall injury 
incident increase was concentrated in sites in Mexico, Jamai-
ca and Australia. Among all 22 manufacturing sites, 4 worked 
the entire year with zero injury incidents and an additional 
7 had year over year injury incident reductions. Comparing 
the performance of just manufacturing sites, while total in -
jury incidents increased by 5%, injury frequency and injury 
severity both declined by 3% and 36%, respectively.
32   The frequency index for any category is calculated applying the following formula: (Total injuries x 1,000,000)/worked hours.
33   The severity index for any category is calculated applying the following formula: (Lost days due to accidents x 1,000)/worked hours.
Employee injuries 2021 2022 2023
Total accidents involving Camparistas 
(number) 85 97 98
Frequency index for Camparistas32 13.27 14.76 13.06
Accidents involving male Camparistas 
(number) 54 69 52
Accidents involving female 
Camparistas (number) 16 18 21
Injuries without absence from work for 
Camparistas (number) 62 66 73
Injuries with absence from work for 
Camparistas (number) 23 31 25
Lost days due to accidents for 
Camparistas (number) 418 983 826
Severity index for Camparistas33 0.07 0.15 0.11
Occupational diseases involving 
Camparistas (number) 3 8 1
Mortality at work for Camparistas 
(number) 0 0 0
Frequency and severity indexes for Camparistas by region:
Europe, Middle East and 
Africa North America South America Asia-Pacific
2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023
Frequency index  
for Camparistas 10.34 15.88 10.30 17 .34 15.15 17.30 1.62 3.30 6.03 25.92 21.83 17.56
Severity index  
for Camparistas 0.13 0.24 0.16 0.01 0.007 0.09 0.013 0.18 0.008 0.009 - 0.03
141140
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 72:
INDEX >
Near misses 2021 2022 2023
Health near-misses for Camparistas (number) 6 20 7
Safety near-misses for Camparistas (number) 97 89 94
Health near-misses for contractors (number) 13 18 1
Safety near-misses for contractors (number) 30 49 66
Health near-misses for suppliers (number) 0 2 0
Safety near-misses for suppliers (number) 3 2 118
Health near-misses for visitors (number) 0 0 0
Safety near-misses for visitors (number) 0 3 2
In 2023, there were 5 accidents involving journeys to or from work, of these, 4 involved employees and 
1 involved a contractor, and one high-consequence work-related injury34 .
NEAR MISSES
The attention of each Camparista is increasingly being focused on proactivity, prevention and mitigation of po-
tential risks. The Group continues to focus on near misses, unsafe behaviour and conditions (collectively referred 
to as unsafe situations). This information is measured and evaluated at plant level as part of a safety pyramid. 
The safety pyramid is a visual health and safety indicator that shows site-level health and safety performance for 
lagging indicators35  (level 1, 2 and 3 injuries) and leading indicators36  (unsafe behaviour, unsafe conditions, safe 
activities). This is designed to help educate Camparistas about the relationship between leading and lagging in-
dicators and to motivate more on near miss, unsafe conditions and unsafe behaviour awareness and reporting.
Accidents involving contractors 2021 2022 2023
Total accidents involving contractors (number) 28 20 26
Contractor accident frequency rate 18.23 13.37 18.14
Lost days due to accidents for contractors (number) 147 398 136
Contractor accident severity rate 0.09 0.27 0.09
Mortality at work for contractors (number) 0 0 0
Accidents involving suppliers and visitors 2021 2022 2023
Total supplier-related accidents (number) 4 10 11
Total visitor-related accidents (number) 1 2 0
HEALTH, SAFETY&ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEES
All the Group’s production units have company-worker committees that represent 93% of workers on 
health and safety issues and 64% of workers on environmental issues. The dialogue between the parties 
is always open and constructive.
PENALTIES AND FINES
A total of 3 health and safety sanctions were received in 2023. No fines or penalties were assessed 
in 2023.
Penalties, litigation and complaints 2021 2022 2023
Monetary fines-Health and safety 
(number) 0 2 0
Non-monetary penalties-Health  
and safety (number) 0 3 0
Litigation settled-Health and safety 
(number) 0 0 0
Complaints-Health and safety (number) 0 0 3
Health and Safety certifications37 2021 2022 2023
Bottles produced in production units 
certified in accordance with international 
occupational health and safety standards 
(BS OHSAS18001/ISO45001) (%)
69% 71% 85%
The performance of Health and Safety Certification rate (%), as bottles produced in production units 
certified according to international standards for health and safety, increased in 2023.
CERTIFICATIONS
34  High-consequence work-related injuries are work-related injuries that result in an injury from which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully 
to pre-injury health status within 6 months (source: GRI 403 Occupational health and safety 2018).
35   Lagging indicators measure the occurrence and frequency of events that occurred in the past, such as the number or rate of injuries, illnesses, and fatalities.
36  Leading indicators are proactive measures that measure prevention efforts and can be observed and recorded prior to an injury.
37   In 2023 the figure only includes bottles produced in Campari Group-owned plants, while bottles produced by co-manufacturers have not been considered in the 
calculation.
143142
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OUR PEOPLE

Page 73:
02.
RESPONSIBLE 
PRACTICES
145144 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 74:
INDEX >
2.1 Responsible  
sourcing
The Group’s focus on ensuring and developing good busi-
ness practices applies to its suppliers and distributors as well 
as its own activities and business units. Campari Group is 
increasingly committed to making responsible sourcing an 
integral part of its processes.
Per the above and with the intention to have a greater impact 
forward, the Procurement Function got reorganised around 
critical categories with dedicated end to end capabilities. 
The above will enable the deployment of the best sourc -
ing practices and the holistic adoption of responsible sourc-
ing initiatives in the domain of sustainability contributing at 
continuous improvement of the environmental impact on its 
Scope 3 emissions base.
SUSTAINABILITY COMPLIANCE
Through the implementation of its Supplier Code and lever-
age of Sedex (Supplier Ethical Data Exchange) in all geogra-
phies, Campari Group enforces responsible and transparent 
behaviours as a pre-requisite to its sourcing practices.
Campari Group Supplier Code is a document that sets the 
ethical values and principles that underlie the Group’s oper-
ating practices and which its suppliers and their employees 
undertake to sign, adhere to and ensure compliance with 
throughout their respective supply chains.
Campari Group also adopted a Global Procurement Policy, 
which sets out the guiding principles and rules that all Cam-
paristas shall follow when participating in the procurement 
process. The document reinforces compliance and the prin-
ciples laid down in the Campari Group Code of Ethics.
Campari Group’s membership of Sedex is a further confirma-
tion of the Group’s commitment to managing its supply chain 
more responsibly and transparently. Sedex is the largest 
shared platform in the world through which member users 
report and share their commercial practices in the following 
four key areas: labour law; health and safety; environment; 
business ethics.
With the aim of reducing its environmental impact along the 
supply chain, Campari Group, all other commercial parame-
ters being equal (i.e., competitiveness, quality and availability 
of materials), continues to look for local sourcing options. 
The geographical distribution of product-related suppliers is 
shown below:
Since 2019, Campari Group has engaged local farmers in a 
co-investment model to grow agave in its lands of origin. The 
model enables farmers to grow agave with long-term pre-
dictability of commercial conditions and volume requirements 
and fosters continuous improvement of field operations. This 
testifies to Campari Group’s increasing commitment to sup-
porting local agricultural businesses and communities while 
developing long-term relationships with selected partners. 
The foundation in place will help in managing the fast-mov-
ing agave market dynamics fostering strategic relationships 
beyond short-term commercial turmoil.
Region Product-related suppliers
Asia-Pacific 7%
Europe, Middle East and Africa 24%
North America 3%
South America 66%
Total 100%
2.2 Quality and food 
safety of brands
Campari Group ensures the quality and food safety of its 
brands by meeting all applicable Food Safety and Quality 
standards and assures brand consistency through standardi-
sation and rigorous inspection controls.
To develop and retain its brands’ trust amongst consumers 
and customers is one of the Group’s main goals and there-
fore it put in place a series of proactive and preventive pro-
grams, which aim at risk mitigation across end-to-end op-
erational activities, from ingredients and packaging material 
supply to finished products reaching consumers:
•  Standard Quality Control Requirements program in man-
ufacturing processes, warehousing and transportation;
• Robust External and Internal Audit Program;
•  Robust Supplier Quality Assurance Program, designed to 
ensure that the Group consistently purchases approved 
materials from approved suppliers, and acquires servic-
es from approved co-manufactures, which meet agreed 
specifications and Group requirements;
•  Investment in technology and automation for in-process 
control, data collection and management. In 2023 Cam-
pari Group invested in the design and implementation 
of a new system to manage consumers and customers 
complaints; the implementation of a revamped Artwork 
Management process and system to ensure regulatory 
compliance; installation of Automatic Empty Bottle In-
spection systems in different bottling lines across Amer-
icas and EMEA Regions covering 67% of Group plan; 
•  Global Traceability program which continued in 2023 
with deployment in EMEA and Americas Regions and 
the design of the plan for further deployment in both 
Regions starting from 2024;
•  Deployment of Global Sensory and Analytical Methods Pro-
grams to ensure a consistent consumer product experience.
CERTIFICATIONS
The Campari Group Food Safety GFSI Certification program 
started with the company owned manufacturing sites and 
has been extended to Campari Group’s third-party manu-
facturing sites. In 2023 the Group obtained GFSI certifica-
tion for bottling site in Canada. The performance is being 
tracked through the Food Safety Certification rate (%), (bot-
tles produced in production units that are certified in accord-
ance with international standards for food safety (BRC/IFS/
FSSC22000)). The full 2023 performance rate was 87%.
COMPLAINTS
Campari Group’s consumer and customer experience is 
measured in complaints per million (CPM), i.e., the number 
of complaints received per million bottles produced. The 
Group tracks its performance daily and acts immediately on 
any claim by taking the appropriate actions to eliminate root 
causes and avoid recurrences. In 2023 the Group achieved a 
CPM index of 0.562.
No withdrawals or recalls from the market were recorded in 2023.
As was the case in the previous year, there were no fines or disputes relating to Food Safety in 2023.
Complaints38 2021 2022 2023
CPM (complaints received per 
million bottles produced) 0.828 0.500 0.562
38  In 2023 the figure only includes bottles produced in Campari Group-owned plants, while bottles produced by co-manufacturers have not been considered in the calculation.
147146
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 75:
INDEX >
Ad hoc and continuous training for 
the global marketing community 
going into digital communication 
in great depth.
Educational sessions on responsible 
drinking for 100% of Camparistas.
Responsible serving project for 
bartenders to be leveraged at 
global level.
TARGETS
•  Mandatory training on the new 
revised Code on Commercial 
Communication continues to be 
delivered for 100% of Camparis -
tas involved in the communica-
tion and marketing of the Group’s 
brands, including new hires;
•  New digital brand campaigns 
on responsible drinking have 
been launched;
•  The specific section on campar-
igroup.info aimed at increasing 
transparency for consumers 
and dedicated to Responsible 
Drinking Messages (RDMs) has 
been expanded;
•  Continuing to ensure 100% 
communication with RDMs.
•  Local initiatives promoted inde-
pendently or in collaboration 
with the main trade associations.
•  Following the Internal poli-
cy on Responsible Alcohol 
Consumption release, specific 
training were deployed in five 
more markets;
•  An internal communication and 
engagement project on Sus -
tainability, The Sustainable Mix, 
has been launched in 2023, 
which includes an area dedi-
cated to responsible drinking.
•  Bartenders’ training global 
program (Bartender Hero) has 
been developed in partnership 
with the International Bartend-
er Association (‘IBA’).
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
•  Continue to promote digi-
tal campaigns on responsible 
drinking for more brands;
•  Continue to heighten the trans-
parency commitment to con -
sumers, enhancing the new In-
formation to Consumers section.
•  Deliver Responsible Alcohol 
Consumption training in more 
markets;
•  The Sustainable Mix will be fur-
ther promoted;
•  A new global project on re-
sponsible consumption will be 
developed starting from 2024 
to target consumers.
•  Reinforcement of the Bartend-
er Hero project leveraging on 
the IBA network of bartenders
NEXT STEPS
2.3 Global Strategy  
on Responsible 
Drinking
Promoting responsible drinking is a key priority for Cam-
pari Group which was formalised in 2020 through a Global 
Strategy on Responsible Drinking, embedded in the Group’s 
Sustainability Roadmap, setting short to medium-term com-
mitments together with internal and external initiatives. Spe-
cific educational training courses on responsible drinking are 
also part of the internal process for Camparistas and new 
hires. A specific training for the global marketing community 
was delivered at the beginning of 2022, going into digital 
communication in great depth and thus ensuring that the 
Group’s online presence and web communication through 
digital platforms would be based on a common path of main 
responsible standards which are at the core of the external 
communication of the Group’s brands. On top of these ac-
tivities, a project on responsible serving for bartenders has 
been deployed globally. Through this project the Group in 
partnership with IBA aims at sensitising bartenders, one of 
the most important stakeholders’ categories for the company, 
regarding responsible serving and drinking, underlying the 
importance of quality over quantity and the role of bartend-
ers as representatives of a proper drinking etiquette. With 
regard to external communication, the Group also continued 
to promote digital brands’ campaigns on responsible drink-
ing, thus reaching a greater audience of final consumers.
149148
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 76:
INDEX >
Commercial communication, sponsorships and promotional 
activities are important tools through which Campari Group 
conveys messages and behaviour that are always attentive to 
the responsible consumption of its products. Since 2010, the 
Group has adopted a Code on Commercial Communications 
on a voluntary basis, ensuring full compliance with the highest 
standards of legality, decency, honesty and fair business prac-
tices, and encouraging responsible drinking worldwide, in a 
traditional convivial way. The Group strongly condemns binge 
drinking, or any excessive or inappropriate consumption of al-
coholic beverages, and is committed to commercial communi-
cation as a responsible player within the spirit industry.
The Code represents a reference document guiding all 
Group advertising and marketing initiatives, according to its 
core values and meeting the highest standards of responsi-
ble commercial communication.
In 2021, as part of Campari Group’s Global Responsible Al -
cohol Strategy, the Code on Commercial Communication has 
been revised, confirming the Group’s strong commitment to 
the responsible marketing of its products across all media, 
encompassing new guidelines for digital marketing communi-
cations and for influencer-generated content. Guidelines for 
digital marketing require, among other things, the inclusion 
of the Age Affirmation Process on all websites for Campari 
Group’s alcoholic products with the aim of restricting access 
to those under the legal age. The guidelines also establish 
regular monitoring of social media comments, providing the 
removal of any content that does not comply with the Code. 
Promoting responsible drinking and ensuring that Campari 
Group’s products are always consumed in moderation and in 
a social and convivial setting, is a critical aspect of all brands’ 
strategies. A thorough knowledge of the Code is pivotal for 
guiding and inspiring Campari Group marketing initiatives. 
This is why, to further increase internal awareness of a cor-
rect, fair and responsible commercial communication, a glob-
al mandatory e-learning program on the Code’s principles, 
dedicated to all Camparistas involved with commercial com-
munication including the newly hired Camparistas is provided.
Every year, including in 2023, the Group monitors the signing 
by and compliance with the Code by all marketing, sales and 
PR teams, as well as by the external agencies it collaborates 
with. Furthermore, the marketing managers of the Group 
review the main principles of the Code together with their 
teams on a regular basis.
According to the Code, responsible commercial communication.
Must always:
•  Promote responsible drinking, including the use of vis-
ible, noticeable and legible responsible drinking mes-
sages (‘RDMs’); 
•  Feature models, testimonials, celebrities, bloggers, in-
fluencers, and actors who are at least 25 years of age;
•  Avoid any association with or acceptance of illegal, in-
decent, or anti-social activities.
Must never:
•  Promote the abuse or uncontrolled consumption of alco-
holic beverages;
•  Depict sobriety, moderation or abstemiousness as a 
negative value or behaviour;
•  Be aimed at, portray or refer to minors, including indirectly; 
•  Make the alcoholic content the main information;
•  Associate driving vehicles or other potentially dangerous 
activities with the consumption of alcoholic drinks;
•  Lead the public to believe that the consumption of al-
coholic drinks enhances mental clarity or physical and 
sexual prowess or status or social success or that not 
consuming alcohol leads to physical, psychological or 
social inferiority; 
•  Lead the public to believe that alcoholic drinks may have 
therapeutic properties or any curative effect; 
•  Lead the public to believe that alcohol may play a role in 
managing weight or as part of a fitness regime or that it 
could be consumed instead of non-alcoholic beverages; 
•  Lead the public to believe that the consumption of alco-
holic drinks can solve personal problems;
•  Be aimed at, portray or refer to, pregnant women;
•  Promote the Group’s brands with individuals who have 
known past or current issues with the misuse or abuse 
of alcohol, nor a history of illegal, violent, offensive, or 
unethical conduct.
Responsible 
communication
For more information on the Campari Group Code on Com-
mercial Communications, please download the full docu-
ment available at Campari Group | Code on Commercial 
Communication.
In line with the provisions of the Code, above the line (‘ATL’) 
and below the line (‘BTL’) 39 communications and the social 
profiles of brands must carry RDMs. This excludes communi-
cation channels relating to the Group’s non-alcoholic prod-
ucts (i.e., Crodino).
39  Above-the-Line (‘ATL’): large-scale advertising via various media (television, radio, cinema, posters, press, web and social media). Below-the-Line (‘BTL’): 
communications aimed at certain individuals in specific points of sale or consumption (direct marketing, promotions, events).
2021 2022 2023
ATL BTL Social 
profiles ATL BTL Social 
profiles ATL BTL Social 
profiles
Existence of an RDM 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
To further increase its effectiveness, the Code establishes an 
internal Approval Code Committee aimed at monitoring the 
compliance of commercial communications with the princi-
ples of the Code. No cases of non-compliance with the Code 
have to be reported. In 2023, Campari Group also continued 
to voluntarily include pregnancy logos or equivalent mes-
sages on the packaging of its alcoholic products, with the 
aim of discouraging pregnant women from consuming them. 
Also, specific digital brands’ campaigns have been launched 
to raise consumer awareness of responsible drinking issues.
As further evidence of its commitment to ethical communi-
cation, in 2023 Campari Group continued its partnership with 
the Unstereotype Alliance, a thought and action platform 
with the mission to eradicate harmful stereotypes in media 
and advertising content, convened by UN Women and lever-
aging the UN’s global reach of 193 member states. 
Joining Unstereotype Alliance strengthens the Campari Group’s 
commitment to Sustainable Development Goal #5, advancing 
gender equality and the empowerment of women while dis-
mantling all harmful stereotypes in view of a more equal world.
Within this partnership, Campari Group reinforces its commit-
ment to the fight against gender discrimination and inequality, 
joining forces with 184 other members globally to influence cul-
ture and society in a positive way by challenging biased attitudes.
‘Stereotypes are around us, entrenched 
in everyday life and culture, and when 
unchallenged they feed discrimination and 
give a false representation of reality. At 
Campari Group, we aim to build brands 
that resonate with consumers and reflect, 
realistically, the multiple dimensions that 
compose the individual, to foster a more 
authentic representation of things and do 
our part to generate positive change. We are 
glad to join Unstereotype Alliance to give our 
contribution to conceive compelling, more 
balanced advertising, share practices with 
the other members and learn and progress, 
stronger, together’.
Julka Villa
Group Head of Marketing
151150
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 77:
INDEX >
Information  
to consumers
Over the course of 2023, Campari Group has further height -
ened its transparency commitment to consumers. Started in 
2020 with a pilot project led by the European Travel Retail 
Confederation, the Group’s path continued in 2021, when 
camparigroup.info, the Group’s own digital labelling solution 
dedicated to relevant products’ information and responsible 
consumption, which has been launched in a bid to provid-
ing meaningful voluntary information to consumers online. 
This year, Campari Group undertook to gradually display QR 
codes on its physical labels worldwide to redirect consumers 
to camparigroup.info. This important step forward brings to 
the next stage Campari Group’s commitment to providing 
consumers with clear and detailed information, fully meet-
ing their increasing shift to digital reference points. A simple 
QR code scan from the bottles will make the Group’s digital 
platform even more easily accessible to consumers around 
the globe, showing detailed information in several languages 
geo-localised to their location.
Information provided on camparigroup.info includes alco-
hol content, energy values per serving size of consumption, 
possible presence of allergens, country-specific particulars 
required by local legislation (i.e., waste and recycling infor-
mation in Italy and France), together with relevant educa-
tion and awareness messages to better inform consumers 
on responsible drinking principles. Available information on 
responsible drinking features recommendation on the fol-
lowing circumstances in which the consumption of alcoholic 
beverages is not suitable:
•  When under the legal drinking age, as the consumption 
of alcoholic beverages by minors could have negative 
physical and psychological consequences, thus raising 
awareness on the legal drinking age to consume alco-
holic beverages in the consumers’ country or state of 
residence to protect minors at a time of physical and 
emotional development;
•  During pregnancy and breastfeeding, since the con-
sumption of alcoholic beverages could harm the devel-
oping baby, recommending to always discuss each ones’ 
drinking patterns with a doctor in case of questions;
•  Before or while driving motor vehicles of any kind with-
out respecting the legal limits in force for driving, recall-
ing that the speed at which alcohol is absorbed into the 
bloodstream is affected by many factors (food, age, size 
or gender) and that local legal limits related to drinking 
and driving must always be observed.
Also, and based on their location, consumers are instructed 
by camparigroup.info where to find additional information 
on responsible drinking in their country or state of residence, 
such as responsible drinking guidelines issued by their coun-
try’s government authorities.
Having started in Italy, where the Group has its deep roots, 
camparigroup.info continues to become gradually available 
in all the major markets of the Group, thus allowing con-
sumers to easily access and get worldwide the information 
they need to make educated choices when deciding to enjoy 
Campari Group’s brands. 
In 2024, Campari Group will continue to strengthen its trans-
parency commitment to consumers, enhancing campar -
igroup.info with additional products, countries, languages 
and information while addressing their increasing needs to 
easily access personalised, tailored information whenever 
and wherever they want, something digital technologies can 
be of great help with.
Campari Academy is Campari Group’s training school of ex-
cellence for the global bartending community, looking be-
yond the drinks industry to educate, connect, and inspire bar-
tenders at all levels of their career on a global scale. Founded 
in 2012 in Sesto San Giovanni (Milan), it offers sector profes -
sionals and connoisseurs a high-quality and varied program 
about the world of bartending and bar management.
In recent years Campari Academy has expanded, launching 
as a global activation with drinks industry icon Monica Berg 
as Creative Director. A strong local Campari Academy net-
work of 20 physical hubs has been created in key markets 
around the world, with teams already in Italy, the US, Spain, 
Brazil, Austria, Jamaica, China and Australia, and more to fol-
low. The global digital expansion is drawing on the success 
of this network to create a platform that is accessible to all 
bartenders all over the world to connect and discuss news 
and trends, share ideas and goals, and grow their own pro-
fessional network. Starting from May 2022, the Global Online 
Platform was launched in 15 markets and others are to come. 
Through the participation in 12 among the main trade events 
in different territories, it showcased its innovative approach to 
education, with a bartender led program of carefully curated 
contents and activations designed to change perspectives, 
provide new stimulus, and open discussions on topics and 
themes relevant to the drinks industry. A team of experts of 
the industry, led by Monica Berg, ensures the program reso-
nates with the bartending community applying their insights, 
experience and knowledge. Campari Academy also works 
with a global network of leading voices from a range of dis-
ciplines and backgrounds that complement the spirits indus-
try to create engaging and inspiring content, from product 
and mixology to general knowledge, techniques and cocktail 
development. Moreover, Campari Academy’s mission has ex-
panded and grown over the years not only in the excellence 
of preparation of the perfect serve, but also supporting the 
careers of professional bartenders with a 360° approach, go-
ing beyond bartending and exploring all the professional 
hard and soft skills that a bartender should have. 
Excellence in a drink becomes a broader experience, re-
quiring not only premium products but also equally excel-
lent service. Campari Group has therefore drawn up the 10 
Golden Rules for Responsible and Quality Serving, a docu-
ment offering bartenders ten essential recommendations for 
responsible serving of alcoholic drinks. The guidelines are 
shared with participants on all training courses at the Group’s 
Academies, with bartenders who take part in its events, and 
with all participants of the online awareness-raising course 
Bartender Hero, so that they can communicate the message 
of responsible drinking directly to the end consumer. 
10 Golden Rules for Responsible and Quality Serving:
•  Find out the legal age for alcohol consumption for the 
country you work in and ask for an identity document 
when the customer does not seem old enough to con-
sume alcohol;
•  Remember the risks connected to driving when drunk: 
always advise taking a taxi to customers who show signs 
of excessive alcohol consumption, ensuring they return 
home safely;
•  Recognise the first signs of alcohol abuse and refrain 
from serving further consumption. Discuss how to han-
dle the most critical cases with colleagues in order to be 
able to immediately address any situation;
• Discourage alcohol consumption by pregnant women;
•  Promote alcohol consumption that is characterised by 
moderation and social interaction, always offering snack 
with the drinks; choose high-quality products and keep 
to the right measures. If a customer asks you to add 
extra alcohol or reduce the amount of ice, remind them 
that the secret of a perfect cocktail is in balancing its 
ingredients, in the right mix and temperature;
•  Act responsibly and avoid consuming alcohol in the 
workplace. Avoid encouraging excessive or irresponsible 
alcohol consumption in promoting your activities, includ-
ing through social media;
•  Always guarantee the highest cleaning standards, create 
the right atmosphere and make your customers feel at 
home by offering them a relaxing evening;
•  Prevent noise, disturbance or other possible problems 
for those working or living near the bar where you work, 
taking the necessary precautions;
•  Limit the use of plastic as far as possible, acting respon-
sibly towards the planet and towards customers.
Responsible  
serving
153152
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 78:
INDEX >
Campari Academy continues to convey a message of respon-
sible and quality drinking through its training courses and in 
all the activities promoted. In Italy, for example, 2,200 bar-
tenders have been reached in the territory, with about 10,000 
contacts during trade shows, courses and online activities, 
and over 1,200 activities promoted by Brand Ambassadors, 
to approach and deepen, in an always responsible manner, 
the art of bartending, aiming for excellence. During all these 
occasions, the aim was to convey a message of responsibility 
to everyone, both for themselves and for consumers. In-per-
son and digital training courses with a focus on responsible 
drinking were promoted, including a masterclass devoted to 
low ABV drinks focused on the correct calculation of the 
alcohol content in drinks. Zero waste remains a very impor-
tant topic for the bartending community, a trend in mixology 
born few years ago and to which the Academy continues to 
pay attention within its courses. Through specific prepara-
tions, bartenders are taught how to use 100% of commonly 
used raw materials in the bar and how to create drinks with 
waste products that would normally be thrown away, as well 
as a series of tips on how to avoid waste of any kind in the 
bar. Finally, Campari Academy continues to promote, also 
through its digital channels, a ‘perfect serve’ made without 
the use of plastic straws.
A flagship element of the Campari Academy is the docu-
series ‘Perspectives’, that deeps dive into poignant topics 
with global significance relating to the drinks industry and 
hospitality, and how they’re interpreted around the world. 
The docuseries consists of top-quality bite-sized episodes 
filmed around the world working with a range of experts. 
Each theme is explored across three episodes, exploring a 
range of perspectives and providing inspiration from a vari-
ety of cultures.
In 2022, Campari Group and the International Bartender As -
sociation (‘IBA’) launched Bartender Hero, a project designed 
to engage and familiarise the bartender community with re-
sponsible serving practices, and to educate them regarding 
the properties and effects of alcohol, thus empowering bar-
tenders and mixologists to guide consumers towards respon-
sible consumption.
Inaugurated as a pilot project in 2019 in Italy, the project 
was born as a free online course accessible through the  
www.bartenderhero.info website aimed at bartenders and all 
those who want to educate themselves about responsible and 
quality service. The Bartender Hero initiative stems from the 
conviction that education is the key to ensuring responsible 
serving and responsible consumption of alcoholic beverages. 
The project highlights the crucial role of bartenders in ed-
ucating the consumer to prioritise the quality of a drink 
or a cocktail prepared with the highest expertise over the 
quantity consumed.
Thanks to the partnership with IBA, the most important inter-
national bartender organisation in the world and a point of 
reference for all operators in the sector, with a network of over 
50,000 bartenders members, Bartender Hero now has an in -
ternational dimension and reaches a wider audience. The part-
nership with IBA was reinforced in 2023 with Campari Academy 
as the main sponsor of their World Championship in Rome.
Campari Group’s Global Public Affairs, Corporate Communica -
tions and Sustainability Senior Director Aldo Davoli comments:
‘By once again focusing on one of our most 
relevant stakeholders, the bartender, we are 
proud to launch internationally a project which 
was born at local level, leveraging on the 
cooperation with a global partner and point of 
reference for the entire sector: the International 
Bartender Association (‘IBA’). Thanks to this 
partnership we can now export and further 
reinforce worldwide our commitment to 
responsible serving, playing our part in 
combating irresponsible drinking patterns. 
A further step forward which confirms, once 
again, the active role played by Campari 
Group and the industry as a whole in the area 
of responsible practices’.
Campari Group continues to promote a culture of quality 
and responsibility, through communications projects and 
actions carried out independently or in collaboration with 
the main trade associations. These initiatives are aimed at 
educating consumers on the responsible consumption of al-
coholic beverages. In this regard, Campari Group strongly 
condemns any form of abuse or misuse of alcoholic bever-
ages, including excessive consumption, underage drinking, 
drinking during pregnancy and driving under the influence 
of alcoholic beverages without respecting the legal limits in 
force. Alcoholic beverages shall be consumed in moderation 
and in a social and convivial setting by adults of legal drink-
ing age, always celebrating life in a positive way.
The Group is currently a member of 61 trade associations, 
consortia and social aspect organisations in 25 countries, and 
its managers play a key role in most of them. Working with 
the key trade associations and major industry leaders, and 
thus addressing a wider audience, Campari Group promotes 
and disseminates responsible messages and a moderate 
style of consumption of alcoholic beverages. Also in 2023, in-
itiatives and projects relating to the responsible consumption 
of alcoholic products and sustainability were carried out in 
the various markets in which the Group operates.
UNITED STATES
Responsible drinking initiatives
In 2021, Campari Group officially joined the Foundation for 
Advancing Alcohol Responsibility (Responsibility.org), a ded-
icated non-profit in the United States focusing on alcohol 
education with the mission to end impaired driving, eliminate 
underage drinking, and promote responsible consumption 
among adults. As a Member of Responsibility.org, Campari 
Group America funds and supports a variety of responsi-
ble drinking initiatives aimed at tackling underage drinking, 
drunk driving and alcohol abuse. This year, Responsibility.org 
has continued to deliver its educational programs (i.e., We 
don’t serve teens, ask listen learn, alcohol 101). Together with 
Responsibility.org, this year the brand new training Respon-
sibility Works was also activated at Campari Group Ameri-
ca. The training aims specifically at educating employees of 
companies operating in the alcohol space on responsibile 
behaviours around alcohol and has been deployed for all 
US-based Camparistas.
In 2023 Cabo Wabo Tequila launched an integrated Respon-
sible Drinking Campaign in the US, dedicated to providing 
ways for NASCAR fans to drink responsibly and stay safe 
throughout the weekend. NASCAR, the National Associa-
tion for Stock Car Auto Racing, is considered to be one of 
the top ranked motorsports organisations in the world. The 
Campaign launched surrounding the Cabo Wabo 250 race 
at Michigan International Speedway and Responsible Drink-
ing messages also surrounded later races at Daytona Inter-
national Speedway and Talladega Speedway. The campaign 
featured multiple touchpoints and tactical ways for guests to 
celebrate race weekends responsibly. Complimentary water 
inside the Cabo Wabo Garage was provided to encourage 
hydration and slow the speed of consumption. Mocktails 
were offered throughout the track to provide a non-alco-
holic option for guests. On site signage engaged fans in 251 
designated driver pledges to make a plan and keep safe 
driving. Cabo Wabo also gave out 200 USD15 Uber Vouchers 
at Daytona and Kansas, which guests could apply to their 
next Uber to get home safely. The Campaign was amplified 
via media and PR coverage, with social posts and content 
spot detailing the campaign and encouraging responsible 
drinking, reaching 1.3 million social impressions.
BELGIUM
You do You
In Belgium the Vinum et Spirit trade association, of which 
Campari Group Benelux is a member, initiated a new cam-
paign to sensitize young Belgians aged 18 to 24 about the 
risks of excessive drinking. The ‘You do You’ campaign aims 
at encouraging young people to respect their own limits and 
those of others and to feel free from any social pressure that 
might make them feel obliged to consume alcoholic products 
on specific occasions. The campaign will also target youth 
movements, youth organisations, schools and universities.
SPAIN
Zero consumption initiatives
In Spain, in collaboration with the industry association FEBE 
(Federación Española de Bebidas Espirituosas), Campari 
Group supports several initiatives aimed at preventing the 
consumption of alcoholic beverages in the risk groups of 
minors, drivers and pregnant women, always through edu-
cational and training tools. ‘Menores ni una gota’ (Minors: 
Responsible consumption:
communications and 
promotional initiatives
155154
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 79:
INDEX >
not a single drop), also promoted in Argentina, is a program 
targeted at preventing underage consumption among mi-
nors; more than 10,000 families have been trained through 
meetings aimed at providing them with the necessary tools 
to prevent alcohol consumption for their underage children; 
‘Los noc-turnos’ (Night people) aimed at preventing con-
sumption among drivers; ‘Embarazadas’ (Pregnant women), 
focused on preventing consumption in Pregnant Women by 
collaborating with midwives and gynaecologists; ‘Fundaciòn 
Alcohol y sociedad’ (Alcohol and Society Foundation), an en-
tity involved in prevention able to reach 2.6 million children 
and families trained in prevention. Also, the Spanish spirits 
sector is committed to moderate and responsible consump-
tion among adults and with a particular focus on the sector. 
Espirituosos España has designed various information cam-
paigns focused on providing objective and truthful informa-
tion on the consumption of alcoholic beverages and their 
associated myths in order to avoid harmful consumption. The 
association also developed the ‘Tú Sirves, Tú Decides’ (You 
Serve, You Decide) program aimed at promoting responsible 
service of alcoholic beverages in the on-trade. Since 2004, 
more than 12,000 hospitality workers, students and entre-
preneurs from more than 500 national companies and 50 
hospitality schools have been reached.
CANADA
Free Rides into 2024
Forty Creek and MetroLinx (the public transport system in 
Toronto) teamed up once again to raise awareness about 
drinking and driving through an ad hoc campaign promoted 
with posters and digital ads around the city, on trains, and on 
the partners’ websites and social media. Also, for all commut-
ers planning to make their way into the city to celebrate the 
arrival of the New Year, free rides to and from New Year’s cel-
ebrations have been offered starting at 7 pm on December 
31 up until 8 am on January 1. The aim of this activity is to re-
mind everyone to never get behind the wheel while impaired 
and to avoid the possibility of other impaired drivers on the 
road, encouraging responsible consumption and a safe ride 
home on New Year’s Eve. Campari Canada, through the Forty 
Creek sponsorship, thus reinforces its commitment to sensi-
tising consumers to enjoy its products responsibly and have 
a plan to get home safely.
AUSTRALIA
DrinkWise Get the Facts
Among the responsible drinking initiatives run by Drink-
Wise Australia, the independent, not-for-profit organisation 
whose primary focus is to help bring about a healthier and 
safer drinking culture in Australia, Get the Facts has been 
promoted and supported also by Campari Group Austral-
ia. The DrinkWise website (drinkwise.org.au) provides evi-
dence-based information on alcohol to help people make 
informed choices when drinking. In addition to the body 
health tool and standard drinks calculator, the DrinkWise 
website provides consumers with information about topics 
such as parental influence and Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Dis-
order (‘FASD’), as well as timely information during events 
such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which has seen concern 
surrounding alcohol use during times of increased anxiety 
and stress. The website also provides consumers with a range 
of referral services should they require immediate or long-
term help. The Get the Facts DrinkWise.org.au logo, together 
with responsible drinking messages, have been included by 
Campari on all its packaging sold and distributed in Australia, 
and on its main merchandising.
UNITED KINGDOM
CAP and Made To Be Measured
Campari UK continued to collaborate with Community Al-
cohol Partnerships (‘CAP’), a Community Interest Company 
(CiC) founded in 2007 by companies that retail or produce 
alcohol, to reduce alcohol harm among young people in local 
communities with a particular emphasis on preventing under-
age drinking. In particular, funding from Campari Group UK 
enables it to focus programs on areas with substantial stu-
dent populations to encourage responsible drinking among 
young adults aged 18-25 building on CAP’s existing work to 
further promote effective education programs that genuinely 
reduce instances of binge drinking and alcohol-related harm 
in these areas. As a member of the Scotch Whisky Associ-
ation, Campari UK also contributes to amplify the ‘Made To 
Be Measured’ campaign to promote the responsible con-
sumption of Scotch Whisky. It aims to drive awareness of 
weekly alcohol consumption guidelines (units) and encour-
age consumers to sip and savour Scotland’s national drink. 
The focus is on the product being of quality, made with care 
to be savoured slowly and responsibly, with the word ‘meas-
ured’ carrying a useful double meaning and aims to educate 
the consumer about equivalences. As a three year campaign, 
‘Made to Be Measured’ was launched in Scotland on radio, 
digital and social media.
JAMAICA
Party Proppa
J. Wray and Nephew continues to actively play a role in min-
imizing alcohol-related harm in Jamaica through education, 
awareness, and sensitization. The new 2023 ‘Party Proppa: 
Drink Responsibly Campaign’ was launched last August de-
signed to educate and emphasise the importance of drink-
ing responsibly by engaging with various stakeholders in the 
spirts industry and influencers to produce a unified cam-
paign. A digital launch was executed with a media takeover 
to include the Party Proppa video and anthem, as well as the 
key messages, which were posted on the platforms of various 
stakeholders and partners. Press releases were also released 
to include the scientific data to increase message credibility. 
For the very first time, Point of Sales Materials have been 
distributed within the trade to further reinforce this message. 
This campaign is valued at JMD8,730,300 (€53,225.45).
MEXICO
Responsible drinking initiatives
As a member of the Fundacion de Investigaciones Sociales 
A.C. (‘FISAC’), Campari Group Mexico indirectly contrib -
utes to a series of projects aimed at promoting responsible 
drinking. FISAC has the main objective of contributing to 
the prevention of the harmful use of alcohol in Mexico, 
through the main campaigns such as ‘No Alcohol and driv-
ing’ where for more than ten years it has supported the 
implementation of points to detect alcohol in drivers at 
night, in all the states of Mexico. The support of FISAC 
in these checkpoints works with constant training to the 
police officers for the correct management of the citizen 
who is being inspected at that moment. Another important 
campaign is ‘Standard Drink’ through which FISAC offers 
training in schools and universities throughout the coun-
try, also advising government agencies in other countries 
about the responsible consumption of alcohol.
BRAZIL
Sem Excesso
Campari do Brasil continues to partner with the Brazilian 
Beverage Association (‘ABRABE’), supporting its Communi-
cation Committee, whose main objective is to develop and 
promote responsible drinking content for consumers through 
social media and digital communication. Sem Excesso (With-
out Excess) is a platform to raise awareness about the re-
sponsible consumption of alcoholic beverages (semexcesso.
com.br ), which combines offline actions and online channels. 
It is the first campaign for young people, with the joint par-
ticipation of major representatives of the beverage industry 
associated with ABRABE. Within the project, the No Excess 
portal is the first exclusive space in the country dedicated 
to discussing the topic of responsible drinking, offering not 
only information and news, but also the opportunity to de-
bate the subject openly.
157156
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 80:
INDEX >
The Group has always been committed to meeting the ex -
pectations of its consumers, and has thus always promoted 
a range of brands with differing alcohol content. Campari 
Group is in fact considered to be the undisputed leader of 
the aperitif category with Campari and Aperol, with a port-
folio of low- and no-alcohol brands, with Crodino being the 
perfect example of a non-alcoholic aperitif par excellence 
since 1964. The low and no alcohol product category plays a 
big part in offering greater consumer choice.
As further demonstration of Campari Group’s commitment 
to this category, in 2021 the Group launched The Notes Col-
lection, a suite of three non-alcoholic expressions created by 
the Group’s Innovation Team, capturing the verve, variety and 
inexhaustible intensity to unleash mixologist creativity.
Low and  
no alcohol
The brand portfolio represents a strategic asset for Campari 
Group. Intangible assets are a key component of the market 
value of spirit products, reflecting the brands’ strengths built 
over many years.
In line with its premiumisation strategy, Campari Group suc-
cessfully launched RARE, a dedicated division with the am-
bition to become a leading purveyor of luxury offerings in 
key global markets, which aims to unlock and accelerate the 
growth of the Group’s existing and future portfolio of su-
per premium products and above, seeking a new dedicated 
approach to brand-building and route-to-market. On 14 De-
cember 2023, Campari Group announced to have committed 
to acquire Courvoisier cognac from Beam Suntory, a premium 
top four historical cognac house boasting world renowned 
brand credentials. This represents a unique opportunity for 
the Group to enter the top league of the super-premium 
cognac category and to further strengthen its portfolio of 
global brand priorities, particularly in aged spirits, as well 
as supporting future long-term premiumisation ambitions in 
key strategic segments. Cognac is now primed to become 
the fourth major leg of Campari Group along with aperitifs, 
bourbon and tequila.
When properly developed, the Group believes that the 
brand life can exist indefinitely: brand building investments 
fuel and protect the value of the brands in the very long-
term. The Group has an ongoing commitment to investing in 
marketing designed to strengthen the recognition and repu-
tation of iconic and distinctive brands in the key markets, as 
well as launching and developing them in new high-potential 
geographical regions. 
Moreover, in the last years the Group accelerated its market-
ing digital transformation, mainly the e-commerce channel, 
to quickly respond to the changed circumstances and con-
sumer requirements. Campari Group has taken significant 
advantage of the changing consumer shopping behaviour to 
expand its business online and further build momentum for 
its premium portfolio. On top of that, also the brand houses, 
which promote visibility of the Group’s unique brands, re-
main a key pillar of the brand-building activities.
The main brand portfolio and marketing initiatives under-
taken in full year 2023 focused on global, regional and local 
priority brands, based on their geographic scale, business 
priority and growth potential. For more information refer to 
the ‘Global brand portfolio and main marketing initiatives in 
2023’ table of the Annual report and to the ‘Support to local 
communities’ chapter of this disclosure.
2.4 Brand building  
and innovation
159158
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 81:
03.
ENVIRONMENT
161160 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 82:
INDEX >
The responsible use of resources and reduction of the envi-
ronmental impact of production activities are practices that 
guide the Group’s activities with the aim of pursuing sustain-
able development. As a company, Campari Group recognis -
es that climate change is one of the greatest challenges for 
the future of the planet and it acknowledges the need to lim-
it global temperature rises to no more than 1.5°C, in accord-
ance with the Paris Agreement. The Group is thus committed 
to achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 or sooner.
Following the positive 2022 environmental performance, 
Campari Group has reviewed its environmental targets with 
more ambitious commitments, which have been publicly dis-
closed within the announcement of the first quarter 2023 
results on 2 May. The targets are aligned with the UN Sus -
tainable Development Goals to protect the planet and aim to 
reduce emissions and water consumption at the Group’s pro-
duction sites, and minimise waste to landfill from direct op-
erations. The new set of targets cover short-term (2025) and 
medium-term (2030) commitments, and the Group monitors 
and reports on its performance in a transparent manner, ad-
hering to internationally recognised protocols.
3.1 Management  
of resources and 
environmental impact
40  Scope 1, 2 and 3.
41  Former targets of -20% by 2025 and -30% by 2030 for Scope 1 and 2, and -25% by 2030 for the Value Chain were revised in 2023 following a very positive 
environmental goals progression made in 2022.
42  The previous target of 100% renewable energy for EU production sites was reached in 2021.
43  Water withdrawal/litres produced.
44  Former target of -40% by 2025 and -42.5% by 2030 revised in 2023 following a very positive environmental goals progression made in 2022.
In 2023, Campari Group reported publicly on its climate-re-
lated progress, disclosing for the second time to the Carbon 
Disclosure Project (‘CDP’) framework. CDP is the most impor-
tant global questionnaire collecting climate-related data, in 
which companies gather and externally disclose their strate-
gy, targets and projects aimed at managing and mitigating 
climate change aspects. Investors and companies use the 
CDP to make informed decisions, to reward companies that 
demonstrate leadership and to lead collective climate action.
Campari Group received a ‘A-’ score (Leadership level) for 
the 2023 Climate Change questionnaire (based on 2022 
data), which reflects the Group’s commitment and the sol-
id action plans to decarbonise its supply chain and direct 
operations, improve the engagement with its suppliers and 
service providers to reduce its Scope 3 emissions and embed 
sustainability into the day-to-day activities.
Target Baseline year 2019 2023
GHG emissions intensity Scope 1 
+ Scope 2 market-based (kg of CO 2  e. / L manufactured) 0.154 0.082
GHG emissions intensity, Total Supply Chain (kg of CO 2  e. / L 
manufactured) 1.284 1.037
Water usage intensity (L/L manufactured) 19.6 9.1
2050
Achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 or, 
hopefully, sooner.
WATER
2025
Reduce water usage intensity (L/L): 43
By 60%  within 2025
2030
And by 62%  by 2030,  
with 2019 as a baseline 44.
Continue to ensure the safe return of 
wastewater from direct operations to the 
environment.
2025
Reduce greenhouse gas (‘GHG’) emissions 
intensity (kg of CO2/L) from direct operations:
By 55% by 2025
2030By 70% by 2030
2030
By 30% from the total Supply Chain40 
by 2030, with 2019 as a baseline 41.
2025
90% renewable electricity in all Group 
production sites by 202542.
WASTE
2025
Zero waste to landfill from direct 
operations by 2025.
Targets and Achievements
ENERGY AND GHG EMISSIONS
-47%
As of 2023, Campari Group has achieved 
the following results: 
Reduction of GHG emissions intensity  
from direct manufacturing operations  
(kg of CO2/L) by -47% compared to 2019;
-19%
Reduction of GHG emissions intensity  
for total supply chain (kg of CO2/L)  
by -19% compared to 2019;
-54%
Reduction of water usage intensity by 
-54% (L/L) compared to 2019 ;
-83%
 Reduction of waste to landfill by -83% 
compared to 2022.
  Use of 93% renewable electricity across all 
its production sites worldwide; 93%
163162
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 83:
INDEX >
Net Zero 
Journey
Campari Group continues on its energy efficiency path through 
its global multi-year program launched in 2020, committing to 
promote energy-saving initiatives, implement sustainable solu-
tions, and decarbonise production activities. In addition to the 
continuous and robust commitment in reducing the carbon emis-
sions from its direct operations, Campari Group has extended 
its efforts to the broader supply chain, aiming at reducing total 
Supply Chain GHG emissions’ intensity (Scope 1, 2 and 3) by 30% 
by 2030 and achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 or sooner.
Campari Group GHG Emission footprint is divided as fol -
lows: 8% for Scope 1 and 2 emissions and 92% for Scope 
3 emissions.
With regard to methodology, as in 2022, the Group applied 
the conversion factors provided for under the GHG Protocol45.
45  The Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, developed by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council on Sustainable Development (WBCSD), 
establishes the global standard for measuring greenhouse gas emissions.
46  The Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, developed by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council on Sustainable Development (WBCSD), 
establishes the global standard for measuring greenhouse gas emissions.
47  GHG emissions Scope 2 market-based related to HQs office in Sesto San Giovanni have been offset through the purchasing of Guarantee of Origin (GO) certificates.
As a result of this activity, in 2023 the Group defined its first high-level Net Zero roadmap including actions 
to deliver the 2025 and 2030 commitments, as well as directional activities reaching beyond the 2030 target.
GHG emissions (direct operations)46 2021 2022 2023
GHG emissions, Scope 1 (t of CO 2  e.) 78,108 72,542 73,323
GHG emissions, Scope 2 location-based (t of CO 2  e.) 15,431 17,261 18,097
GHG emissions, Scope 2 market-based (t of CO 2  e.) 11,325 2,041 2,001
GHG emissions, Scope 1 + Scope 2 market-
based (t of CO 2  e.) 89,432 74,583 75,323
GHG emissions intensity Scope 1 + Scope 2 
market-based (kg of CO 2  e. / L manufactured) 0.115 0.084  0.082
GHG emissions intensity, Scope 3 (kg of CO 2  e.  
/ L manufactured) 0.974 1.020 0.954
GHG emissions intensity, Total Supply Chain (kg 
of CO 2  e. / L manufactured) 1.088 1.105 1.037
GHG emissions by type 2021 2022 2023
Combustion in thermal plants (t of CO 2  e.) 77,461 72,085 72,628
Refrigerants (t of CO 2  e.) 647 457 694
Purchased electricity location-based (t of CO2  e.) 15,431 17,261 18,097
Purchased electricity market-based (t of CO2  e.) 11,325 2,041 2,001
Energy efficiency  
and Scope 1&2 
GHG emissions
•  Reduce greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions intensity (kg 
of CO2/L) from direct ope-
rations (Scope 1 and Scope 2 
market-based) by 55% within 
2025 and by 70% within 2030, 
having 2019 as a baseline.
•  90% renewable electricity for all 
Group’s production sites by 2025.
•  Local interventions and invest-
ments in the Group’s plants ac-
cording to the energy efficien-
cy and decarbonisation project 
launched in 2020;
•  Energy Performance (MJ/L) re -
duced by 40% compared to 2019;
•  Greenhouse gas (GHG) emis -
sions intensity performance (kg 
of CO2/L) from direct manu-
facturing operations reduced 
by 47% compared to 2019;
•  Greenhouse gas (GHG) emis -
sions intensity performance 
(kg of CO2/L) for total supply 
chain reduced by 19% com-
pared to 2019;
•  Funds deriving from the out-
performance in the purchase 
cost of the shares during the 
share buyback program have 
been allocated to the installa-
tion of photovoltaic panels at 
the Jamaican plants;
•  CDP-Climate Change ques -
tionnaire participation, in 
which Campari Group received 
the A- score (‘Leadership’).
•  Extension of photovoltaic sys-
tems installation on several 
Group’s production sites;
•  Attainment of a Guarantee 
of Origin in all European and 
Americas plants;
•  Activation in Italy of the first 
Group’s Power Purchase 
Agreement 47;
•  93% of the total electricity used 
by Group’s production sites 
from renewable sources.
•  Further reduce emissions in the 
Group’s production sites and 
operations through energy ef-
ficiency projects, including en-
ergy recovery;
•  Gradually replace the usage of 
fossil fuels with more sustaina-
ble alternatives.
•  Enlarge the perimeter including 
more plants in other Regions.
TARGETS
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
NEXT STEPS
165164
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 84:
INDEX >
In 2023, the Group continued the extension of photovol-
taic program installation in its production sites in Italy and 
Greece. Further implementations are being planned for 2024 
in France, Mexico, Jamaica and Australia. At the end of 2023, 
the purchase of Guarantees of Origin (‘GO’) covered all pro-
duction sites in Europe and the Americas. Moreover, in line 
with its decarbonisation strategy and with the goal of con-
tributing to the achievement of its 2030 emission reduction 
targets, in December 2023 the Company signed its first mul-
ti-year contract for the purchase of electric energy from wind 
renewable sources (i.e., Off-site Power Purchase Agreement, 
PPA), active from January 1, 2024. The scope of the agree-
ment is the Italian perimeter (all plants and headquarters 
are included) covering about 30% of the Group’s electricity 
needs in the country. With this agreement, the Company will 
support the renewable producer by contributing to the con-
struction of new generators, specifically wind farms in Italy, 
and will receive from the seller the amount of Guarantee of 
Origin related to the energy purchased. As part of its Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions reduction strategy, in 2023 the 
Group also invested in local energy efficiency projects aimed 
at decreasing the energy demand of its manufacturing sites, 
such as utilities optimisation, boiler replacement, insulation 
and LED lighting systems.
In addition to increasing energy efficiency, Campari Group 
is seeking for technology solutions empowering its transition 
to greener energy. In this direction, the Group is implement-
ing a Thermal Vapour Recovery (‘TVR’) system at the Glen 
Grant distillery in Scotland to reduce thermal energy con-
sumption and water withdrawal, contributing significantly to 
the decarbonisation of the distillery and to the achievement 
of Campari Group’s CO2 emission and water use intensity 
targets. By reducing the amount of water required, the TVR 
project is also an opportunity to respond to the possible risk 
of drought in the region.
Energy consumption  
(direct manufacturing operations)48 2021 2022 2023
Total energy consumption (GJ) 1,506,496 1,515,453 1,474,016
Performance of energy consumption  
(MJ/L manufactured) 1.93 1.72 1.61
48  The data in this and subsequent tables have been restated for direct manufacturing operations in line with Campari Group’s 
environmental sustainability targets, thus excluding central offices (Sesto San Giovanni HQs). Data include the recently integrated 
distillery Wilderness Trail, Kentucky (US), acquired in late 2022.
2021 2022 2023
Total energy consumption (GJ) in Sesto 
San Giovanni HQs (excluded from direct 
manufacturing operations)
11,901 14,152 13,949
Total energy consumption (GJ)  
(direct manufacturing operations  
and Sesto San Giovanni HQs)
1,518,397 1,529,605 1,487,965
Consumption of energy by renewable 
/non-renewable sources’ 2021 2022 2023
Consumption of energy from renewable 
sources (GJ) 62,020 199,881 206,772
Consumption of energy from non-renewable 
sources (GJ) 1,456,377 1,329,725 1,281,192
Consumption of energy by source  
(direct manufacturing operations) 2021 2022 2023
Consumption of electricity drawn from the grid (GJ) 155,125 176,981 185,679
Total heating consumption (GJ) 0 0 0
Total cooling consumption (GJ) 0 0 0
Total steam consumption (GJ) 0 0 0
Petroleum distillate fuels (GJ) 328,775 332,797 339,193
Purchased natural gas (GJ) 1,017,010 979,409 912,271
Fuels from natural gas processing and oil 
refining (GJ) 3,787 4,037 4,256
Purchased wood (GJ) 0 0 0
Energy produced and consumed from 
renewable sources (GJ) 1,800 22,230 32,616
Consumption of energy by source in Sesto  
San Giovanni HQs (excluded from direct  
manufacturing operations)
2021 2022 2023
Consumption of electricity drawn from the grid (GJ) 9,817 12,427 11,999
Total heating consumption (GJ) 2,084 1,724 1,950
167166
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 85:
INDEX >
GHG emissions Scopes Scope 3 - breakdown by categories
Scope 3  
GHG emissions
In 2023, Campari Group carried out the annual Scope 3 
emissions analysis screening the fifteen categories listed by 
the GHG Protocol standard. As a result of the analysis, the 
categories that contribute most are Purchase of goods and 
services (71%), Transport and upstream and downstream dis-
tribution (12%) and Capital goods (10%), which account for 
93% of the total Scope 3 impact.
In 2023, the Group has enhanced its engagement process 
with the most emissions relevant suppliers for Packaging and 
Raw Materials (glass, closures, aluminium cans, sugar, alco-
hol) and Logistics. This process has made it possible not only 
to gather information about specific emission reduction initi-
atives of the suppliers involved, but also to set the standards 
for the smaller and less mature ones. Campari Group plans 
to implement specific emissions reduction initiatives across 
its value chain in collaboration with its suppliers.
The Group established a cross-functional Steering Team to 
drive this Scope 3 reduction program. The areas of focus 
identified are Purchased Goods and Services and Logistics. 
A dedicated budget has been allocated to support the im-
plementation of emissions reduction initiatives with projects 
covering product redesign and optimisation, recycled con-
tent and closed loop initiatives, and logistics optimisation.
Campari Group’s climate-related supplier engagement strat-
egy is focused on suppliers’ emissions reduction, starting 
from top contributors based on their CO2 emissions. The 
engagement activity is conducted by partnering and collab-
orating with the target suppliers to define specific decarbon-
isation roadmaps that include energy efficiency and renewa-
ble sourcing programs, packaging material optimisation and 
sustainable redesign.
In 2023, 71% of Campari Group suppliers CO2 footprint were 
analysed and introduced in this supplier engagement process.
92+8
Scope 3
92%  
871.496
Scope 1 e 2
8% 
75.323
49   The indicators reported refer to a partial coverage of packaging materials purchased; in particular, the perimeter covered in the analysis is 82% for glass, 68% for 
metal and 56% for cardboard.
POINT OF SALES (‘POS’) MATERIALS
POS items in 2022 were evaluated using a Green Design Tool 
so that improvements could be implemented for future or -
ders. In 2023, for example, Campari Group asked the global 
POS supplier to focus on Aperol and suggest improvements 
that could be made at no extra cost. Nine items in the range 
underwent specification changes, such as recycled content 
and recyclability. A contract renewal was also agreed, which 
will include new and improved KPIs related to sustainability, 
currently under development.
BUSINESS TRAVEL CATEGORY
A CO2 emissions report has been set up with the Group lead 
travel agency tracking emissions in cumulated terms and con-
sidering main travel categories (Air, Hotel, Car).
Looking ahead to 2024 and starting from the above, a new 
sustainability strategy for the Business Travel category will be 
defined considering: CO2 emission reduction targets; a review 
of the Global Travel Policy in line with sustainability objectives; 
assessment and renegotiation of travel category vendors, con-
sidering possible green standards and certifications; assess -
ment and configuration of a global booking tool which would 
embed sustainable policy checks and related KPIs. The new 
Travel Policy will be deployed within the whole organisation.
PURCHASED GOODS 
AND SERVICES CATEGORY
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN
In 2023, Campari Group developed and formalised its own ‘Sus-
tainable Design Guidelines’, a set of principles and rules to be 
followed and complied with for any product-related develop-
ment initiative, and covering the following key areas: material 
intensity, recyclability grade, recycled content, design for disas-
sembly, and mono-material criteria inspired by Reduce, Reuse, 
Recycle principles. The guidelines have been shared with Cam-
pari Group’s suppliers and are defining the baseline for any 
new development as well as triggering redesigns and initiatives 
to optimise the existing portfolio and products already on the 
market. Product redesign for material intensity (lightweight and 
material reduction) and increase of recycled content are the 
main areas Campari Group and its suppliers are working on.
In the Product-Related area, priority has been given to 
the Glass, Closures, Alcohol and Sugar categories. In the 
Non-Product-Related area, Point of Sales Materials and Busi-
ness Travel categories remain priority categories.
GLASS, CLOSURES, ALCOHOL AND SUGAR
The Group engaged 28 suppliers covering all geographies 
where it operates, representing 71% of its Product-Related 
carbon footprint.
Engagement workshops have been carried out with main 
suppliers based on their CO2 profile, intended to:
• Position Campari Group’s sustainability ambition; 
• Understand suppliers’ sustainability agenda;
•  Measure the effects of suppliers’ sustainability initiatives 
on the Group portfolio;
•  Define future joint sustainability developments and targets;
•  Implement actions and report progress to drive CO2 
down annually to meet long-term objectives, including 
redesigning materials, optimising packaging weight, in-
creasing recycled content, switching to greener energy 
and technologies.
Considering the most important materials used in the pack-
aging of the Group’s product, the following recycled input 
materials were used49 :
2022 2023
Glass (% of recycled content) 32% 35%
Metal (% of recycled content) 57% 58%
Cardboard (% of recycled content) 65% 63%
Others
7%
Upstream and 
Downstream 
Transportation  
& Distribuition
12%
Capital Goods
10%
Purchase goods  
and services
71%
71+12+10+7
169168
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 86:
INDEX >
TRANSPORTATION 
AND DISTRIBUTION CATEGORY
In 2023, Campari Group further consolidated the initiatives 
already started in previous years to improve its environmental 
impact in logistics. The main levers were intermodal trans -
port, sustainable pallet management and freight consolida-
tion. We have seen good examples of multi modal use in 
Europe and reduction of less than truck load, meaning the 
transportation of an amount of freight sized between indi-
vidual parcels and full truckloads (‘LTL’) freight in the United 
States, as well as a substantial decline in the use of air freight. 
The first half of 2023 still saw a level of disruption within the 
sector, characterised by high price volatility and poor service 
reliability due to the continuing consequences of the pan-
demic, the imbalance in logistics flows, inflationary factors, 
and the continued rise in fuel costs. However, the share of in-
termodal transport improved compared to the previous year, 
as the second half of the year was more stable, helping the 
Group to re-establish its ability and willingness to develop 
the share of intermodal transport and to investigate ways to 
improve the overall carbon footprint.
The Group has extended its efforts in this regard especially 
in Europe and the United States, continuing to focus on op-
timising loading processes to maximise container and truck 
utilisation. In 2024, the Group will focus particularly on the 
implementation of more efficient loading configurations at its 
major plants, in-house facilities as well as third-party logistics 
providers. The number of direct to customer intercompany 
sea freight movements increased in 2023. When possible, 
the Group implemented alternative fuel trucks using lique-
fied natural gas (‘LNG’), compressed natural gas (‘CNG’) or 
electric vehicle motor units with some suppliers, albeit still in 
small percentages.
Global travels broken down between road, intermodal and 
sea are shown below:
2022 2023
Total  
journeys
Road  
travel
Intermodal 
travel
Sea  
travel
Total  
journeys
Road  
travel
Intermodal 
travel
Sea  
travel
Global 
Journeys 11,274 6,225 1,514 3,535 11,372 4,868 2,199 4,305
% 55% 13% 32% 43% 19% 38%
2021 2022 2023
Total 
journeys
Road  
travel
Intermodal 
travel
Total 
journeys
Road  
travel
Intermodal 
travel
Total 
journeys
Road  
travel
Intermodal 
travel
Total 5,708 3,671 2,037 7,290 5,776 1,514 6,456 4,313 2,143
% 64% 36% 79% 21% 67% 33%
EUROPE-INTERMODAL TRANSPORT
Intermodal transport continues to represent a significant oppor-
tunity in freight transport thanks to the use of multiple integrat-
ed modes of transport. In 2023, intermodal journeys for Export 
EMEA perimeter accounted for 33% of journeys in Europe, a 
strong increase compared to 2022 thanks to a stable market sit-
uation and to the logistics team effort. Indeed, the Group con-
tinues to choose road/rail and road/ship intermodal transport 
wherever possible, as an alternative to road freight transport, 
always dealing with the service level requested by customers.
Shipping country Intermodal travel Road travel Total journeys Intermodal travel Road travel
France - 89 89 0% 100%
UK - 231 231 0% 100%
Greece 167 - 167 100% 0%
Italy 1,976 3,993 5,969 33% 67%
Total 2,143 4,313 6,456 33% 67%
Furthermore, the LNG best practice for the Italy-Spain line 
reached an absorption percentage of 13% (48 shipments) of 
a total of 369 journeys from Italy to Spain.
EUROPE-SUSTAINABLE PALLET 
MANAGEMENT
In 2023, the Group continued its collaboration with the sup-
plier PAKi, a partner operating in the pallet handling sector. 
PAKi operates a pallet ‘pooling’ system whereby pallets are 
continuously exchanged at different delivery points within 
the Group, which allows the Group to have no capital com-
mitment as pallets are reused. PAKi controls quality and ad-
ministers flows so that they always have adequate stock for 
the Campari Group’s use. They have an extensive network 
that complements the Group’s network in Italy and Europe, 
whether it is their own site or another customer. This mech-
anism enables us to significantly reduce the number of kilo-
metres travelled across Europe. In 2023, the number of pallets 
managed using the ‘PAKi recovery and reuse method’ saw an 
overall increase in relation to previous years.
PAKi method 2021 2022 2023
Exports-Germany, Austria, 
Belgium, the Netherlands 
and Switzerland
103,424 129,181 159,517
Italy 85,838 104,235 103,761
Greece 12,516 6,732 5,610
France 2,340 3,420 1,980
Total 204,118 243,568 270,868
ITALY-ECO-MOBILITY
In 2023, Campari Group prioritized sustainability, recovering 
from pandemic challenges and inflationary effects, embrac-
ing Liquified Natural Gas (‘LNG’)-powered vehicles, Battery 
Electric Vehicles (‘BEVs’), and non-fossil biofuels in transport 
strategy. Collaborative efforts with suppliers ensured both 
environmental and financial sustainability: primary shipments 
increased by 30.4%, with a notable growth in LNG share 
by +4.9% compared to 2022, which accounted for 5.4% of 
6,730 total transfers, and the new shares recorded with the 
Full Electric mode (+0.7%). The combined use of alternative 
modes accounted for 12.8% of total transfers in Italy (+2.6% 
compared with 2022).
171170
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 87:
INDEX >
The Battery Electric Vehicle (‘BEV’) project evolved from the 
multi-year partnership between the Campari Group and a 
local hauler, focusing on environmental concerns and invest-
ing in a unique 100% electric vehicle in Italy with a 39,000 
kg capacity. Covering 12,774 km bi-weekly, the vehicle saved 
7.6 tons of CO2 compared to an ordinary vehicle with a sat -
uration of 81% due to legislative limitations on the maximum 
transportable weight.
An additional collaboration with a local carrier increased 
LNG and BioLNG quotas in the Novi Ligure-Massalengo 
line, covering 10,311 km with LNG and 1,524 km with BioLNG, 
resulting in an overall CO2 saving of 3.35 tons (compared to 
a EURO VI diesel vehicle).
The table below shows the details by mode of transport:
Transport type 2021 2022 2023
LNG 0.6% 0.5% 5.4%
Road 88.2% 89.8% 87.2%
Road/ship 8.6% 7.3% 5.1%
Road/rail 2.6% 2.3% 1.6%
Full electric 0.7%
Total 100% 100% 100%
 Water is a precious and shared natural resource, increasingly 
a point of interest for many stakeholders and an essential 
component in the production processes.
Campari Group recognises the importance of water and is 
committed to preventing and reducing the use of this pri-
mary resource through a proper and more sustainable water 
management program. As part of its global Water Reduction 
program, Campari Group has further rationalised the use of 
water in its production processes in terms of quantity and 
quality of water used and is investing in water recovery sys-
tems to avoid waste in its processes and operations.
As a result of climate change, the Group is facing increased 
frequency of droughts in Martinique. For this reason, in 2023, 
it started the new major irrigation project on its own land, 
which will be fully operational in 2026, aimed at reusing water 
to irrigate the land. This new water resource will be shared 
with the local community for other uses in the area (e.g., 
fire-fighting, municipal green spaces, etc.). Also in Mexico, 
in the Jalisco area, where Campari Group’s tequila produc-
tion site is located, water scarcity can affect both production 
continuity and the ability to supply agricultural materials. As 
a result, to reduce the environmental impact while managing 
the demand for water during peaks in production activity 
and ensuring business continuity, a new water storage system 
is being built from 2023 onwards, which includes the installa-
tion of a dedicated water tank. In addition, the Group is com-
mitted to implementing distillery sludge treatment plants in 
its tequila distillery in Guadalajara (Mexico) and, similarly, in 
its rum distillery in New Yarmouth (Jamaica). The outcome of 
the process is to ensure a safer return of the treated waste-
water to the environment, including the recovery of solid res-
idues as animal feed and natural fertiliser.
TARGETS
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
NEXT STEPS
•  Reduce water usage intensity 
(liters withdrawn per liter ma-
nufactured L/L) by 60% by 
2025 and by 62% by 2030, ha-
ving 2019 as a baseline 50.
•  Continue to ensure the safe re-
turn of wastewater from direct 
operations to the environment.
•  Local interventions and invest-
ments in the Group’s plants 
according to its global water 
reduction program;
•  Water usage intensity (L/L) redu-
ced by 54% compared to 2019.
•  No major incidents recorded 
in 2023.
•  Further reduce water usage in 
the Group’s production sites 
through water usage projects.
•  Continue to guarantee the 
safe return to the environ-
ment of wastewater from di-
rect operations.
Water  
management
Water usage (direct manufacturing operations)51, 52 2021 2022 2023
Total volume of water withdrawn (m³) 9,415,978 8,742,098 8,343,728
Water usage intensity (L/L manufactured) 12.1 9.9 9.1
2021 2022 2023
Total volume of water withdrawn (m³) in Sesto San Giovanni 
HQs (excluded from direct manufacturing operations)53 1,023,096 1,025,703 1,006,038
Total volume of water withdrawn (m³) (direct 
manufacturing operations and Sesto San Giovanni HQs) 10,439,074 9,767,801 9,349,766
50  Former target of -40% (L/L) in 2025 and -42.5% (L/L) in 2030 revised in 2023, following very positive performance results in 2022.
51  The data in this and subsequent tables have been restated for direct manufacturing operations in line with Campari Group’s environmental sustainability targets, 
thus excluding central offices (Sesto San Giovanni HQs). Data include the recently integrated distillery Wilderness Trail, Kentucky (US), acquired in late 2022
52 All water withdrawal at Campari Group facilities can be categorised as fresh water, e.g., with a total dissolved solids concentration < 1000 mg/L.
53  Water usage in the central offices is predominantly circulated in a closed loop geothermal heating and cooling system based on heat pump technology 
(groundwater is abstracted and recharged back to the same aquifer).
Water usage by source (direct manufacturing operations) 2021 2022 2023
Surface water-rivers (m³) 2,054,681 2,319,935 2,468,939
Groundwater (m³) 6,642,509 5,688,382 5,015,962
173172
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 88:
INDEX >
• Zero waste to landfill by 2025.
TARGETS
•  Total waste increased by 11% 
compared to 2022 mainly rela-
ted to the biomass produced 
in Martinique distillery and re-
covered as energy production.
•  Waste to landfill reduced by 
83% compared to 2022, equal 
to 3,861 tons of waste.
•  The ratio between the total 
waste destined for landfill and 
the total volume of waste pro-
duced was reduced to 2%.
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
•  Continue the global reduction 
program towards the zero wa-
ste to landfill target by 2025.
NEXT STEPS
Campari Group is committed to reducing total waste from 
its production sites, adopting a circular approach, through 
different local initiatives aimed at optimising the use and dis-
posal of materials, improving efficiency, increasing recycling, 
recovery and reuse processes.
The Group aims to achieve zero waste to landfill across its 
production sites by 2025. As a continuation of the program 
launched in 2021 for the production sites in the Americas, 
which represent more than 95% of the total waste to land-
fill, the Group progressively reduced the volumes of waste 
destined for landfill by -83% compared to the previous year.
As a contribution to the global target, dedicated projects 
to improve waste management and separation at source, as 
well as circular economy initiatives, have been implemented 
at the Group’s production sites.
Within the Italian perimeter, with the goal of being extended 
in the future, a virtuous glass circular economy project was 
launched in collaboration with one of the Group’s most stra-
tegic glass suppliers.
An important contribution comes from the Zero Waste to 
Landfill Journey carried out over the years by the Jamaican 
plants, through which cross-collaboration with Martinique 
has been set up to support the neighbouring plant in the 
implementation of Zero Waste initiatives in difficult contexts 
where infrastructure is often lacking.
 
As an overall result of the activities carried out, in 2023 the ra-
tio between the total waste destined for landfill and the total 
volume of waste produced dropped to 2% from 24% in 2019.
 
With regard to organic waste, production sites aim to increase 
the recovery and reuse rate of by-products generated in its pro-
duction cycle, by using them as animal feed, biomass or com-
post. As an example, the distillery in Martinique has increased 
by 23% the usage of biomass for internal energy recovery.
 
Despite the low percentage of hazardous waste produced dur-
ing manufacturing activities (0.13%), the Group continues to 
prevent and eliminate any such environmental impact through 
the identification of possible innovative treatment methods.
Waste  
management
54  The value of water discharged 2022 was recalculated and changed to the value entered in the table following refinement in the calculation of the indicator.
Water usage by source in Sesto San Giovanni HQs  
(excluded from direct manufacturing operations) 2021 2022 2023
Groundwater (m³) 1,020,696 1,016,767 999,825
Municipal water supply (m³) 2,400 8,936 6,213
Wastewater discharges and intensity (direct manufacturing 
operations) 2021 2022 2023
Total volume of wastewater discharged (m³) 1,821,738 1,824,937 1,929,528
Wastewater discharge intensity (L/L manufactured) 2.3 2.1 2.1
2021 2022 2023
Total volume of wastewater discharged (m³) in Sesto San 
Giovanni HQs (excluded from direct manufacturing operations) 1,023,811 1,025,254 1,004,625
Total volume of water discharged (m³) (direct 
manufacturing operations and Sesto San Giovanni HQs) 2,845,549 2,850,191 54 2,934,153
Wastewater discharges by destination 2021 2022 2023
Wastewater discharged in bodies of surface water (m³) 487,752 595,383 634,365
Wastewater discharged into groundwater (m³) 420,519 340,798 355,555
Wastewater discharged into consortium plants (m³) 368,584 332,792 294,824
Wastewater discharged into municipal or other facilities (m³) 332,769 311,974 274,359
Total volume of wastewater reused by/sent to another 
organisation (m³) 212,115 243,991 370,425
In order to fulfil the Group’s commitment, a robust chemical, physical and biologi-
cal testing program has been put in place across all manufacturing locations.
Structure of wastewater and treatment 2021 2022 2023
Volume of physically treated water (m³) 20,593 30,474 18,077
Volume of chemically treated water (m³) 78,423 80,491 76,239
Volume of biologically treated water (m³) 232,427 270,345 237,119
Volume of chemically/biologically treated water (m³) 6,007 5,177 5,905
Volume of chemically/physically treated water (m³) 32,660 37,130 10,994
Wastewater discharges by destination in Sesto San Giovanni 
HQs (excluded from direct manufacturing operations) 2021 2022 2023
Wastewater discharged into groundwater (m³) 1,021,411 1,017,737 998,600
Wastewater discharged into municipal or other facilities (m³) 2,400 7,517 6,025
Rainwater (m³) 6,335 1,993 1,607
Municipal water supply (m³) 712,443 731,787 857,221
Waste produced and intensity 2021 2022 2023
Total waste produced (t) 57,213 52,559 58,221
Waste produced intensity (kg/L manufactured) 0.07 0.06 0.06
175174
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 89:
INDEX >
Destination of hazardous waste produced 2021 2022 2023
Internal reuse (t) 0 0 0
External reuse (t) 1 0 10
Recovery, including energy recovery (t) 21 20 37
Composting (t) 0 0 0
Incineration (t) 0 22 14
Landfill (t) 1 1 1
On-site storage (t) 6 8 0
Fertilisation in agriculture (t) 0 1 0
Recycling (t) 13 1 4
Other destinations (t) 41 3 10
Destination of total waste produced55 2021 2022 2023
Internal reuse (t) 0 0 0
External reuse (t) 11,171 13,887 22,053
Recovery, including energy recovery (t) 17,098 6,777 13,316
Composting (t) 11,096 21,000 16,461
Incineration (t) 10 68 20
Landfill (t) 8,481 4,652 791
On-site storage (t) 29 9 5
Fertilisation in agriculture (t) 5,108 1,049 0
Recycling (t) 3,206 3,570 4,077
Other destinations (t) 1,014 1,542 1,498
Hazardous and non-hazardous waste 2021 2022 2023
Hazardous waste produced (t) 83 60 75
Non-hazardous waste produced (t) 57,130 52,499 58,146
Hazardous waste produced (%) 0.15 0.11 0.13
BIODIVERSITY AND AGRICULTURAL 
MANAGEMENT PRACTICES
Campari Group is also committed to protect the ecosystems 
in which it operates through several local initiatives.
In France, as part of a 5-year Sustainability Plan, Cam-
pari-Lallier is involved in several biodiversity projects, includ-
ing the creation of a biodiversity zone with different local 
and Mediterranean species, the installation of hives and the 
development of two vineyard plots with installation of trees, 
hedges, headlands and embankments. Also, the plant is col-
laborating with suppliers to achieve the High Environmental 
Value (‘HEV’) certification, a voluntary approach which aims 
to identify and promote particularly environmentally friendly 
and climate-related practices applied by farmers.
Campari Group in Bourg-Charente has improved the envi-
ronmental and climate footprint of its own land by adopting 
the Cognac Environmental Certification (‘CEC’), a collective 
approach to sustainable viticulture managed by the Bureau 
National Interprofessional du Cognac (‘BNIC’). The objectives 
are to develop a more resilient business ensuring the sustain-
ability of the vineyard, the control of phytosanitary products, 
the cultivation of plots in vulnerable areas, the responsible 
management of cellar and distillery effluents, constant train-
ing on sustainable viticulture practices and the development 
of relationships between winegrowers and local residents. As 
of 2023, 17% of Campari Group’s suppliers in the Cognac 
region are engaged in the CEC, with 58 winegrowers already 
holding the certification. The aim is to progress on engage-
ment with winegrowers to reach 100% by 2028.
In its own land in Martinique, Campari Group is developing sev-
eral best practices with positive climate-related impacts, including 
the selection of species to maximise carbon capture and the defi-
nition of a three-year plan for agroforestry from 2023 to 2026 to 
plant hedges on its owned hectares. It also financially supports 
and shares knowledge with its suppliers in the development of 
agricultural good practices with climate-related beneficial impacts.
Campari Group in Mexico requires its suppliers of agave to 
obtain the Environmentally Responsible Agave (‘ARA’) certi-
fication, with the goal to reduce deforestation by 100% by 
2027 (considering plantations established from 2022) caused 
by the supply of agave to produce tequila. The Group is 
also promoting the use of compost to replace other chem-
ical fertilisers. Particularly, Campari Group has banned the 
glyphosate from the approved list of agrochemicals to be 
used for all the agave under contract as part of its co-invest-
ment model: since 2019, the Group has in fact engaged local 
farmers in a co-investment model to grow agave in its lands 
of origin by requesting to replace the use of chemical fertil-
isers and start using compost from organic materials during 
the first two years after cultivating the plants.
55   The discrepancy between the total waste produced and the destination of total waste is due to a rounding of the data collectedthe fact that waste produced in a 
given month may sometimes be destined in later months.
Destination of non-hazardous waste produced 2021 2022 2023
Internal reuse (t) 0 0 0
External reuse (t) 11,169 13,887 22,043
Recovery, including energy recovery (t) 17,077 6,757 13,279
Composting (t) 11,096 21,000 16,461
Incineration (t) 10 46 6
Landfill (t) 8,481 4,651 790
On-site storage (t) 22 1 5
Fertilisation in agriculture (t) 5,108 1,048 0
Recycling (t) 3,194 3,569 4,072
Other destinations (t) 972 1,539 1,488
177176
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 90:
INDEX >
SPILLS
The total number of environmental spills is in line with the 
previous year. All issues were treated accordingly, eliminating 
the impact on the environment.
56  In 2023 the figure only includes bottles produced in Campari Group-owned plants, while bottles produced by co-manufacturers have not been considered in the 
calculation.
57  These capital and operating expenditures are defined by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021, Art. 8 Delegated Regulation-(Annex 
I) as ‘related to the purchase of output from Taxonomy aligned economic activities and individual measures enabling the target activities to become low carbon or 
to lead to greenhouse gas reductions’.
PENALTIES AND FINES
In 2023 the Group received one surcharge and one notifica-
tion of the breach of the trade effluent discharge conditions, 
and one production site received a notification for odour nui-
sance. The sites have taken the necessary corrective actions.
CERTIFICATIONS
The performance of Environmental Certification rate (%), as 
bottles produced in production units certified according to 
international standards for environment, increased compared 
with the previous years. An important contribution was relat-
ed to the achievement of the ISO14001 certification by the 
bottling operation in Derrimut (Australia) in 2023.
Environmental certifications56 2021 2022 2023
Bottles produced in production units certified in 
accordance with international environmental standards 
(ISO14001/EMAS/ISO50001)
67% 67% 95%
2021 2022 2023
Total spills (number) 23 24 24
3.2 EU Taxonomy
The following disclosure complies with the reporting require-
ments of the EU Regulation 852/2020, hereafter referred to 
as ‘Taxonomy Regulation’ or ‘Taxonomy’, and subsequent 
delegated regulations and amendments, including Delegat-
ed Regulation 2021/2139 (Climate Delegated Act), Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2178 (Disclosure Delegated Act) and Dele-
gated Regulation 2023/2486 (Environmental Delegated Act). 
On 27 June 2023, the European Commission approved the 
delegated acts relating to the remaining four environmental 
objectives and the amendments to the climate and disclo-
sure delegated acts. The application of the acts is required in 
reports starting from 1st of January 2024: for reporting year 
2023 it is necessary to report eligibility and alignment regard-
ing activities contributing to climate change mitigation and 
adaptation as well as eligibility regarding four new objectives 
(sustainable use of water and marine resources, transition to 
circular economy, pollution prevention and control and pre-
vention and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystem).
CAMPARI GROUP’S APPROACH
Campari Group is committed to the responsible use of re-
sources and reduction of the environmental impact of pro-
duction activities as outlined in the targets set at Group level. 
The Taxonomy framework permeates directly into the way 
Campari Group operates, as it commits in the future to in-
creasingly include the Regulation’s requirements within its 
business conduct, both at strategic and operational level.
ELIGIBILITY ASSESSMENT
The Group carried out a screening of its activities and op-
erations, with particular attention to capital expenditure, to 
determine the economic activities defined as eligible with 
respect to the objectives of mitigation and adaptation to cli-
mate change and the new four objectives published in June 
2023. In line with the previous year, the only revenue-gener-
ating Group’s activity identified as Taxonomy-eligible is the 
in-house museum, Campari Gallery where guided tours are 
organised to explore the history of the brand. This activi-
ty could be associated with activity 13.2 Libraries, archives, 
museums and cultural activities and therefore be eligible to 
contribute to the objective of climate change adaptation. 
With regard to this topic, it should be noticed that revenues 
resulting from the ticket sales of Campari Gallery are indeed 
negligible with respect to the total revenues of the Group. 
Capital expenditures (‘CapEx’) and operating expenditures 
(‘OpEx’) were analysed separately in order to map those con-
nected with the acquisition of outputs from eligible econom-
ic activities or individual measures that reduce greenhouse 
gases emissions57 . Such types of CapEx and OpEx will here-
after be referred to as capital and operating expenditures 
in eligible (or aligned) economic activity. Campari Group 
identified some capital expenditures in eligible economic 
activities, mainly in relation to construction of new buildings 
and renovation of existing ones, construction of a wastewater 
treatment plant, and instalment of equipment for renewable 
energy or energy efficiency. All the identified measures will 
be implemented and operational within 18 months from the 
recognition of the CapEx within the financial statement. It is 
also specified that the analysis of the remaining four environ-
mental objectives also revealed a part of eligibility relating 
to projects for the provision of IT/OT data-driven solutions. 
Moreover, the analysis of the activities connected to Oper -
ating Expenditure for the new environmental objectives took 
into consideration a series of ‘biodiversity-related’ projects 
which aim at the promotion and protection of biodiversity 
within some sites; however it was not possible to consider 
them for calculating the OpEx eligible indicator as they were 
not connected with cost items enumerated in the restricted 
list proposed by the Regulation. No relevant operating ex -
penditures in eligible economic activities have been iden-
tified during the analysis for the climate change objectives.
It should be noted that as the Group’s core activities are 
not yet included in the Regulation and thus there are no 
specifications of what characteristics its core business activ-
ities must have to be taxonomy eligible or aligned, Campari 
Group is not investing in a ‘CapEx plan’, as defined by the 
Spills by destination 2021 2022 2023
Ground spills (number) 8 14 12
Surface water spills (number) 6 8 8
Groundwater spills (number) 1 0 0
Industrial consortium wastewater spills (number) 1 0 4
Spills in municipal water supplies or other utilities (number) 0 1 0
Air spills (number) 7 1 0
179178
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 91:
INDEX >
ALIGNMENT ASSESSMENT
The identified capital expenditures in eligible economic 
activities CapEx have been investigated in order to assess 
whether they could be considered aligned. The assessment 
was conducted considering the projects’ features and involv-
ing the most relevant suppliers that collaborated with Cam-
pari Group for the implementation of each project.
MINIMUM SAFEGUARDS
In line with the provision of the Taxonomy Regulation, the 
Group ensures to carry out its activities in respect of the 
social minimum safeguards drawing guidance from globally 
recognised frameworks such as: the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises (OECD MNE Guidelines), the UN 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), 
including the principles and rights set out in the eight funda-
mental conventions identified in the Declaration of the Inter-
national Labour Organisation on Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work and The International Bill of Human Rights.
Consistently with the previous reporting period, the Group 
adopted a two-level assessment approach, conducting a 
screening at both organisation level and supplier level in 
order to ensure compliance with the minimum safeguards 
within its operations and along the supply chain. The as -
sessment focused on the topics of human rights (including 
labour and consumer rights), corruption and bribery, taxa -
tion and fair competition.
Regarding compliance within the organisation, Campari Group 
has adopted the Code of Ethics that summarises the guiding 
principles of the Group’s conduct and implemented specific 
measures for each of the topics covered by the minimum safe-
guards. Detailed information about the Code of Ethics and the 
measures taken by the Group in the areas of human rights, 
corruption and bribery, taxation and fair competition can be 
found in the dedicated sections in this document. With the 
aim of enhancing transparency around diversity and inclusion 
within the Group, Campari monitors disparities in remuneration 
among genders by adopting the KPI of gender pay gap, as 
reported in the paragraph ‘Remuneration system’ of this doc-
Regulation, to expand Taxonomy-aligned economic activities 
or to allow Taxonomy-eligible economic activities to become 
Taxonomy-aligned with respect to its own core activities. 
Nevertheless, it is committed to considering and evaluating 
the integration of sustainability criteria as defined by the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation in its investments whenever possible.
CapEx considered eligible can be divided into the following 
activities, potentially contributing to the following objectives: 
Climate change mitigation (CCM), Climate change adapta-
tion (CCA) and Transition to a circular economy (CE).
List of eligible activities and the related contribution objec -
tives is detailed below:
ument. Additional information on diversity and inclusion with 
regard to the composition of the Board of Director can be 
found in the section ‘The governance model’.
In line with the last year, Campari Group has not been con-
victed in court in cases related to human rights, corruption 
and bribery, taxation or fair competition, nor it has been 
involved in a case handled by an OECD National Con -
tact Point (NCP) or questioned by the Business and Hu -
man Rights Resource Center (BHRRC). Moreover, in order 
to ensure proper conduct and compliance with minimum 
safeguards criteria throughout the supply chain, Campari 
Group is committed to implementing a due diligence pro -
cess on human rights in the coming years.
Furthermore, in order to verify compliance across the val-
ue chain, a specific assessment has been conducted on the 
suppliers related to the projects considered aligned to the 
Taxonomy framework. The analysis has been conducted by 
directly questioning suppliers on the procedural and out -
come dimensions. The analysis conducted made it possible 
to assess whether both Campari Group and the selected 
suppliers operate in compliance with all minimum safeguard 
criteria and therefore the activities specified below are con-
sidered in line with the Regulation.
SUBSTANTIAL CONTRIBUTION 
AND DO NO SIGNIFICANT HARM (DNSH)
The alignment to Substantial Contribution and DNSH criteria 
was assessed through an investigation of the projects’ fea-
tures, conducted, when necessary, with the collaboration of 
the involved suppliers. Details about the aligned projects and 
results of the assessment are presented below.
List of aligned projects and the related contribution objective 
is detailed below:
Project details Objective Activity Percentage of alignment
(CapEx)
Implementation of a 
wastewater treatment plant 
into the New Yarmouth 
distillery to ensure a safer 
return of treated wastewater 
to the environment
CCM 5.3 2.69%
Installation of photovoltaic 
panels in the New Yarmouth 
production site
CCM 7.6 0.57%
Installation of photovoltaic 
panels in the Novi Ligure 
production site
CCM 7.6 0.34%
Installation of photovoltaic 
panels in the Derrimut 
production site
CCM 7.6 0.20%
Total % of aligned projects 3.80%
It should be considered that the Group’s core business is 
excluded from the Taxonomy, and therefore the absence of 
specific characteristics to define the activities as sustainable 
entails a difficulty in aligning the activities that emerged as el-
igible even though they have important elements of efficien-
cy. An example is the eligible project of wastewater treatment 
of the Vinasse Treatment Plant the Group is implementing in 
its production plant in Arandas, Mexico. This Low-Rate Mul -
tiphase Treatment System allows to convert organic waste to 
recoverable biogas and reduce the volume of sludge and 
make it reusable. This system makes the treated wastewater 
suitable for reuse or discharge in compliance with environ -
mental regulations. Moreover, the methane from vinasse 
decomposition is prevented from spreading into the atmos -
phere and the generated biogas is recovered to be used by a 
new high efficiency multifuel steam boiler, therefore reducing 
the use of heavy fuel in favour of low-emitting renewable 
energy (Scope 1). Finally, the reduced volume of solid residues 
decreases the emissions from their transportation (Scope 3), 
entering the composting facility to be treated for the produc-
Economic Activities Activity objectives for 
eligibility
Percentage of eligibility 
(CapEx)
Construction of new buildings CCM 7.1 , CCA 7.1, CE 3.1 10.75%
Construction, extension and operation of wastewater 
collection and treatment CCM 5.3, CCA 5.3 4.79%
Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy 
technologies CCM 7.6 , CCA 7.6 1.67%
Renovation of existing buildings CCM 7.2, CCA 7.2, CE 3.2 1.05%
Construction, extension and operation of water collection, 
treatment and supply systems CCM 5.1, CCA 5.1 0.47%
Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency 
equipment CCM 7.3 , CCA 7.3 0.33%
Provision of IT/OT data-driven solutions CE 4.1 0.06%
Total % of eligible projects 19.11%
181180
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 92:
INDEX >
tion of natural fertilisers and compost for local farmers.
Furthermore, a specific mention is dedicated to the ‘Ther-
mal Vapour Recompression’ project (‘TVR’), located at the 
Glen Grant plant and which falls within the Group’s eligible 
CapEx value for the first time in 2023 for the preliminary 
activities carried out during the year. The main project’s 
development activities will be conducted in 2024, when 
the aim is to implement and report the alignment require-
ments. The main benefits deriving from the implementation 
of the project are the following:
•  Reduction of thermal energy consumption as a partial 
step towards the distillery’s decarbonisation path and 
contribution to the Group CO2 intensity target;
•  Reduction of water withdrawals from the local river, given 
the local context of possible increased risk of drought 
and also as a contribution to global water intensity target.
The project, consisting of the installation of a TVR system 
on all four wash stills, is estimated to reduce the energy us-
age and cooling water by introducing a closed loop, allowing 
about 40% of water savings, 20% of energy savings and 20% 
of CO2 emissions savings.
Details about the projects aligned in 2023 are presented in 
the tables below.
ACTIVITY 5.3 CONSTRUCTION, EXTENSION AND OPERATION OF WASTEWATER COLLECTION AND TREATMENT
Requirements Elements for compliance
Substantial Contribution (for 
Climate Change Mitigation)
The net energy consumption of the wastewater treatment plant is below the threshold set for its capacity. 
Moreover, the assessment of the direct GHG emissions was not required as it concerns a newly built plan.
DNSH Climate Change 
Adaptation
Campari Group does consider the relevant risks for its activity among the ones included in Appendix A and 
takes the necessary adaptation actions. More specifically, Campari Group performs a site-level assessment 
to evaluate both the physical climate-related and chronic risks taking into account three different climate 
change scenarios and developed the project taking into consideration the risks identified based on the type 
of activity and location according to the latest guidance and recommendations available. In this context, the 
details of the climate risk assessment are considered proportionate to the type of activity and the current 
assessment is sufficient to identify the physical climate risks that are material to the activity.
DNSH Use and protection of 
Water and Marine Resources
The environmental degradation risks related to preserving water quality and avoiding water stress are identified 
and addressed in accordance with applicable national law and a water use and protection management plan 
has been developed accordingly. The project was formally approved by and complies with the requirements 
of the Jamaican National Environmental Department regarding the preservation of water quality and the 
avoidance of water stress. The interaction with the Jamaican Agency could be considered as an element of 
compliance also for the DNSH Pollution Prevention and Control and Protection and Restoration of Biodiversity 
and Ecosystems. Furthermore, the treated water is not used for agricultural irrigation.
DNSH Pollution Prevention and 
Control
Discharges to receiving waters meet the requirements as laid down in national provisions stating maximum 
permissible pollutant levels from discharges to receiving waters.
DNSH Protection and Restoration 
of Biodiversity and Ecosystems
It was assessed that the site is not located in or near biodiversity-sensitive areas and all requirements set by 
the national legislation have been respected.
ACTIVITY 7 .6 INSTALLATION, MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR OF RENEWABLE ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES
Requirements Elements for compliance
Substantial Contribution (for 
Climate Change Mitigation)
The three projects under analysis involve the installation, maintenance and repair of solar photovoltaic 
systems and the ancillary technical equipment activity.
DNSH Climate Change 
Adaptation
Campari Group does consider the relevant risks for its activity among the ones included in Appendix 
A and takes the necessary adaptation actions. More specifically, Campari Group performs a site-level 
assessment to evaluate the physical climate-related risks and chronic risk taking into account three 
different climate change scenarios. Moreover, the Group developed the projects taking into consideration 
the risks identified based on the type of activity and location according to the latest guidance and 
recommendations available. In this context, the details of the climate risk assessment are considered 
proportionate to the type of activity and the current assessment is sufficient to identify the physical climate 
risks that are material to the activity.
RESULTS AND ACCOUNTING POLICY
The Group’s result for FY2023 related to Taxonomy-eligible 
but not aligned, Taxonomy-aligned and Taxonomy not-eligi-
ble activities are hereby reported in line with the provision of 
the Disclosure Delegated Act. The Group reports the eligibil-
ity and alignment results related to CapEx as the KPI’s numer-
ator for turnover and OpEx is equal to zero (more details are 
disclosed in the following paragraphs).
The overview of CapEx KPI is shown in the graph below. 
More details on accounting rules and results are provided in 
the following section and in the templates.
81+4+158
Overview of CapEx KPI
Percentage of eligible but not aligned, aligned and non-eligible activities
Non-eligible
80.89%
Eligible - Not Aligned
15.31%
Aligned
3.80%
TURNOVER
The Group, in line with the previous year, reports no eligible 
turnover, as shown in Table 1, where its total turnover is cate-
gorised as non-eligible. In particular, the total turnover refers 
to net sales as per the Consolidated Statement of profit and 
loss. For more information on total turnover please refer to 
note ‘Net sales’ of the Campari Group consolidated financial 
statements at 31 December 2023.
CAPEX
The table 2 below shows the Group CapEx divided into 
Taxonomy-aligned, Taxonomy-Eligible but not aligned and 
Taxonomy-not-eligible activities. Most of the capital expendi-
tures in eligible economic activities refer to construction of 
new buildings, construction of wastewater treatment plants, 
installation of solar photovoltaic systems and ancillary techni-
cal equipment, renovation of existing buildings and efficiency 
projects. The 2023 total Taxonomy-eligible activities amount 
to 19.11%, which is in line with the previous year’s value, name-
ly 17.59%. Any differences in 2023 activities compared to pre-
183182
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 93:
INDEX >
vious year mainly concern contingencies in Campari Group’s 
business activities. In 2023 the level of alignment of capital 
expenditures stands at 3.8% compared to 7.11% of the previ-
ous year. The decrease in the alignment percentage is attrib-
utable to the progress made towards completion and thus 
the decrease in capital expenditure related to the project of 
wastewater treatment plant at the New Yarmouth distillery 
reported as aligned last year, and is therefore consistent with 
the project timeline.
With reference to the results in Table 2, the total CapEx con-
sists of additions to tangible and intangible assets during 
the financial year. In particular, it refers to the addition to 
property, plant and equipment, right of use assets and in -
tangible assets. For more information on total Capex please 
refer to paragraph ‘Capital expenditure’ of the management 
board report in the Annual Report at 31 December 2023. As 
explained above, the capital expenditures in the numerator 
are those related to the purchase of output from Taxono-
my-aligned economic activities. Therefore, these activities re-
fer to the addition to property, plant, and equipment. Double 
counting was avoided by individually examining each of the 
items categorised as eligible and aligned, and filling in re-
porting templates in line with the provisions of the Regulation. 
OPEX
Table 3 below shows the non-eligible OpEx calculated as 
the sum of direct non-capitalised costs related to research, 
development and innovation, as well as maintenance, repairs 
and renovation measures on property plant and equipment 
and short-term rental according to the Disclosure Delegated 
Act. This item is part of the overall ‘Selling, general and ad-
ministrative expenses’ disclosed under the respective note 
of the Campari Group consolidated financial statements 
at 31 December 2023. In 2023, no relevant OpEx related to 
the purchase of output from Taxonomy eligible and aligned 
economic activities and to individual measures enabling the 
Group’s activities to become low-carbon or to lead to green-
house gas reductions was identified. This is to be considered 
in line with last year’s results.
It is also specified that the Group considered the provision 
of the Complementary Climate Delegated Act (Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214) relating to the report -
ing of the involvement in natural gas and nuclear-related 
economic activities, not identifying applicable activities. Ta-
ble 4 of this document shows the template required by the 
Delegated Act.
For the purposes of tabular representation, the following leg-
end applies:
•  Climate Change Mitigation (‘CCM’);
•  Climate Change Adaptation (‘CCA’);
•  Water and Marine Resources (‘WTM’);
•  Circular Economy (‘CE’); 
•  Pollution Prevention and Control (‘PPC’);
•  Biodiversity and Ecosystems (‘BIO’).
For the reading of the alignment section of the templates, 
the following legend applies:
•  Y-Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity 
with the relevant environmental objective;
•  N-No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned 
activity with the relevant environmental objective.
For the reading of the eligibility section of the templates, the 
following legend applies:
•  N/EL-not eligible, Taxonomy non-eligible activity for the 
relevant environmental objective;
•  EL-Taxonomy eligible activity for the relevant objective;
•  N/A-Not applicable.
185184
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 ENVIRONMENT

Page 94:
INDEX >
Table 1 – Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities – disclosure covering year 2023.
Financial year 2023 Substantial Contribution Criteria
DNSH criteria  
(‘Does Not Significantly Harm’)
Economic activities 
Code Turnover Proportion 
of 
Turnover, 
year N
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation
Water Pollution Circular 
Economy
Biodiversity Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation
Water Pollution Circular 
Economy
Biodiversity Minimum 
Safeguards
Proportion 
of Taxonomy 
aligned 
(A.1.) or 
eligible (A.2.) 
Turnover,
year 2022
Category 
enabling 
activity
Category 
transitional 
activity
€ million % Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
N/A - 0%       
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 
(A.1) - 0% N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 0%
Of which Enabling - 0% 0%
Of which Transitional - 0% 0%
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 0%
N/A 0% EL; N/EL EL; N/EL EL; N/EL EL; N/EL EL; N/EL EL; N/EL
Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) - 0%
A. Turnover of Taxonomy eligible activities (A1+A2) - 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
Turnover of Taxonomy- non-eligible activities 2,916.08 100%
TOTAL 2,916.08 100%
187186
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 95:
INDEX >
Table 2 – Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities – disclosure covering year 2023.
Financial year 2023 Substantial Contribution Criteria
DNSH criteria  
(‘Does Not Significantly Harm’)
Economic activities 
Code CapEx Proportion 
of CapEx, 
year N
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation
Water Pollution Circular 
Economy
Biodiversity Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation
Water Pollution Circular 
Economy
Biodiversity Minimum 
safeguards
Proportion 
of Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) 
or eligible 
(A.2.) CapEx,
year 2022
Category 
enabling 
activity
Category 
transitional 
activit
€ million % Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
Construction, extension and operation of wastewater collection and 
treatment CCM 5.3 7.52 2.69% Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/A Y Y Y N/A Y Y 6.69%
Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologiesCCM 7.6 3.10 1.11% Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/A Y N/A N/A N/A N/A Y 0.42% E
CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 
(A.1) 10.62 3.80% 100% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 7.11%
Of which Enabling 3.10 1.11% 100% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% N/A Y N/A N/A N/A N/A Y 0.42% E
Of which Transitional - 0.00% 0% N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
A.2. Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
Construction of new buildings
CCM 7.1, 
CCA 7.1, 
CE 3.1
30.08 10.75% EL EL N/EL N/EL EL N/EL 0.00%
Construction, extension and operation of wastewater collection and 
treatment
CCM 5.3, 
CCA 5.3 5.87 2.10% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0.58%
Renovation of existing buildings
CCM 7.2, 
CCA 7.2, 
CE 3.2
2.95 1.05% EL EL N/EL N/EL EL N/EL 0.22%
Installation, maintenance and repair of renewables energy 
technologies
CCM 7.6, 
CCA 7.6 1.56 0.56% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0.11%
Construction, extension and operation of water collection, treatment 
and supply systems
CCM 5.1, 
CCA 5.1 1.31 0.47% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 6.08%
Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment CCM 7.3, 
CCA 7.3 0.91 0.33% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 2.67%
Provision of IT/OT data-driven solutions CE 4.1 0.15 0.06% N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL EL N/EL 0.00%
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport CCM 3.3, 
CCA 3.3 - 0.00% N/A N/A N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0.09%
Renewal of water collection, treatment and supply systems CCM 5.2, 
CCA 5.2 - 0.00% N/A N/A N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0.43%
Material recovery from non-hazardous waste CCM 5.9, 
CCA 5.9 - 0.00% N/A N/A N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0.01%
Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices 
for measuring, regulation and controlling energy performance of 
buildings
CCM 7.5, 
CCA 7.5 - 0.00% N/A N/A N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0.05%
Acquisition and ownership of buildings CCM 7.7, 
CCA 7.7 - 0.00% N/A N/A N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0.24%
CapEx of Taxonomy- eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 42.83 15.31%
A. CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A1+A2) 53.45 19.11% 3.8% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 17.59%
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
CapEx of Taxonomy- non-eligible activities 226.28 80.89%
TOTAL 279.73 100%
189188
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 96:
INDEX >
Taxonomy-Aligned per
 objective
Taxonomy-Eligible per
 objective
CCM 3.8% 19.1%
CCA 0.0% 19.1%
WTR 0.0% 0.0%
CE 0.0% 11.9%
PPC 0.0% 0.0%
BIO 0.0% 0.0%
(1)   Where an economic activity contributes substantially to multiple environmental objectives, non-financial undertakings shall indicate, 
in bold, the most relevant environmental objective for the purpose of computing the KPIs of financial undertakings while avoiding 
double counting.
Table 4 - Nuclear and fossil gas related activities.Proportion of CapEx/Total CapEx(1)
Table 3 – Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities – disclosure covering year 2023.
Financial year 2023 Substantial Contribution Criteria
DNSH criteria  
(‘Does Not Significantly Harm’)(h)
Economic Activities 
Code OpEx Proportion 
of OpEx, 
year N
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation
Water Pollution Circular 
Economy
Biodiversity Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation
Water Pollution Circular 
Economy
Biodiversity Minimum 
safeguards
Proportion 
of Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) 
or eligible 
(A.2.) OpEx,
year 2022
Category 
enabling 
activity
Category 
transitional 
activity
€ million % Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
N/A 0 0%
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 0 0% 0%
Of which Enabling 0 0%
Of which Transitional 0 0%
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
N/A 0 0% EL; N/EL EL; N/EL EL; N/EL EL; N/EL EL; N/EL EL; N/EL
OpEx of Taxonomy- eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 0 0%
A. OpEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A1+A2) 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
OpEx of Taxonomy- non-eligible activities 35.30 100%
TOTAL 35.30 100%
Row Yes/No
Nuclear energy related activities
1.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration 
and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear 
processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
No
2.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new 
nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district 
heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, 
using best available technologies.
No
3.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear 
installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district 
heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as 
their safety upgrades.
No
Fossil gas related activities
4. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity 
generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels. No
5. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and 
operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels. No
6. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and 
operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels. No
191190
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 RESPONSIBLE PRACTICES

Page 97:
04.
COMMUNITY 
INVOLVEMENT
193192 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 98:
INDEX >
Culture remained 
a key element of 
Campari Group’s 
DNA in 2023. The 
‘Campari’ name 
has always been 
associated with the 
world of art, design 
and cinema.
The promotion of culture and its dissemination also means fo-
cusing on people’s education and well-being. Work, education 
and culture will continue to be key areas in which the Group 
has decided it will concentrate its efforts, identifying local best 
practices to be exported to other geographies across the 
world. The Group is sensitive to the needs of the communities 
in the countries in which it has a significant presence.
The principal community involvement projects that it has un-
dertaken are described below.
Campari Gallery was opened in 2010 on the 150th anniver -
sary of the brand. It is an interactive and multimedia space, 
dedicated to the relationship between the Campari and 
Campari Soda brands and their communication through art 
and design. The Gallery exhibits a selection from its Histori-
cal Archives, made up of over 4,000 sketches on paper, pho-
tographs, original Belle Époque posters, advertising graph-
ics from the 1920s to the 1990s by artists such as Marcello 
Dudovich, Leonetto Cappiello, Marcello Nizzoli, Fortunato 
Depero, Bruno Munari, Guido Crepax and Ugo Nespolo; 
caroselli (advertising short films dated 1950s-1970s) and com-
mercials and projects by directors such as Federico Fellini, 
Singh Tarsem, Paolo Sorrentino, Stefano Sollima and Matteo 
Garrone; objects signed by designers such as Matteo Thun, 
Dodo Arslan, Markus Benesch and Matteo Ragni.
The Campari Gallery tells in a tangible way, starting with ad-
vertising material, the story of the brands, of entrepreneur-
ship, of a territory and society, with a particular focus on the 
world of creativity, art and the City of Milan. True to its core 
values and mission, the Gallery continued sharing and en-
riching its historical and artistic heritage through a vast array 
of online and offline activities designed to narrate its con-
tents, while preserving and disseminating its heritage. Visitors 
in 2023 numbered around 10.000 among which 3.000 during 
the weekend openings.
4.1 Art and culture
Campari Gallery
195194
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 99:
INDEX >
Promotion  
of the cultural  
heritage
CAMPARI GALLERY ON-SITE ACTIVITIES
Campari Gallery offers different experiences based on the 
specific interests and needs of visitors.
•  Gallery Tour: a guided tour through the history of Cam-
pari communication since the beginning of 1900 to dis-
cover the most important communication campaigns 
developed by the brand over many decades;
•  Campari Art&Cocktail Experience: a guided tour in 
which an art historian and a bartender of Campari Acad-
emy take turns to tell the story of Campari communica-
tion together with the history of liqueurs and cocktails. 
Visitors are introduced to the world of liqueurs through 
different senses, having the possibility to create their 
own cocktail;
•  Self-Guided Tour: visitors to Campari Gallery can also 
take a self-guided tour by using a free Progressive We-
bApp available via phone in two languages;
•  University Tours: Campari Gallery offers dedicated tours 
to Italian and foreign universities through which partic-
ipants can discover the history of a great example of 
Italian entrepreneurship and learn about the activities of 
Campari Group today;
•  Free flow access every 30 minutes with cultural mediators 
at the audience disposal.
EXHIBITIONS CURATED BY CAMPARI GALLERY
BAR STORIES ON CAMERA. GALLERIA CAMPARI/
MAGNUM PHOTOS AT GALLERIA CAMPARI  
The exhibition, curated by Galleria Campari, presents 90 
photographs from the 1930s to the early 2000s recounting 
the history of the world of the bar through 48 images from 
the Galleria Campari Historical Archive and 42 shots by 24 in-
ternational photographers from the Magnum Photos agency. 
Bar Stories on Camera. Galleria Campari / Magnum Photos 
is the first exhibition staged by Galleria Campari in partner-
ship with Magnum Photos. Split into three thematic sections, 
the exhibition features images from Italy and the world. The 
exhibition also entails a fourth section, with recipe books and 
cocktail compendia from the late-nineteenth century to the 
2000s, as well as original objects and tools linked to the bar. 
RED IN ITALY - I COLORI DEL ROSSO 
NEL DESIGN ITALIANO
Red in Italy-I Colori del Rosso nel Design Italiano (Red Col-
ours in the Italian Design) is an exhibition promoted by Cam-
pari Group to celebrate the red excellence in Italian design. 
Drawing on the success of the 2015 exhibition I colori del 
Rosso held at Galleria Campari and on its first travelling 
edition presented at the Italian Institute of Culture in Brus-
sels in 2019, Red in Italy has been hosted at the Ministry of 
Enterprise and Made in Italy headquarters in Rome in June 
2023. The exhibition aims to showcase some of the most 
iconic Made in Italy design objects, all featuring the unmis-
takable, bold red color that has become synonymous with 
Italian design. Starting from the iconic Campari red, the ex-
hibition leads to reflections on the several shades of red, to 
tell the creations of some of the most famous designers of 
the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, which have contrib-
uted to the symbolic construction of Made in Italy abroad. 
The 2023 exhibition has been made possible thanks to the 
partnership with several Italian industrial companies, under 
the coordination of Campari Group and with the patronage 
of Fondazione Altagamma, a globally-recognised foundation 
that gathers high-end Italian cultural and creative companies, 
as ambassadors of the Italian style. The 2023 Red in Italy ex-
hibition and those to come underline once more the role of 
Campari Group as an icon of the Italian lifestyle in the world, 
confirming its key role in the field of culture, art and design.
ACTIVITIES IN PARTNERSHIP 
WITH OTHER INSTITUTIONS
In 2023, Campari Gallery participated in online and on-site 
events as part of national and local initiatives promoted at 
national level and by the City of Milan. These included: Mu-
seocity, Archivissima, devoted to the promotion of the histor-
ical corporate archives and their stories to the general public, 
Parchi e Ville Storiche di Sesto San Giovanni, the European 
Heritage Days, to showcase important artistic treasures to the 
public, and the 21st Corporate Culture Week, organised by 
Confindustria and Museimpresa. For these initiatives Cam-
pari Gallery promoted its heritage through on-site guided 
tours of the permanent and temporary exhibitions as well as 
presenting additional digital contents for visitors.
BEYOND DEPERO-THE 3D ART COLLECTION  
The 3D Art Collection, a collection of unique design objects 
created to carry forward and celebrate, in a modern way, 
the innovation that represented the art of Fortunato Depero 
and its collaboration with Campari. The sculptures represent 
the advertising puppets that the great Futurist artist creat-
ed for Campari in 1926-28. Paying tribute to the significant 
collaboration between the two visionaries Davide Campari 
and Fortunato Depero, Galleria Campari has created these 
sculptures with the innovative technique of 3D printing in 
collaboration with Caracol.
TALKS WITH FONDAZIONE CORRIERE 
DELLA SERA: BAR STORIES
On the occasion of the temporary exhibition in Campari Gal-
lery, the museum and Fondazione Corriere della Sera organ-
ised a series of four talks related to the theme, focusing on Bars 
from different perspectives and involving experts and journal-
ists. Galleria Campari also hosted a special conversation about 
stories born, created and lived inside bars, on the occasion of 
Bookcity Milan, the annual event dedicated to publishing.
LOANS TO THIRD PARTIES
Campari Gallery participated in the artistic panorama, con-
tributing with its heritage to enrich various important exhibi-
tions in Italy:
•  From Depero to Rotella, Italian commercial posters be-
tween advertising and art at CIMA New York;
• Munari, Arte al futuro at MUST Vimercate;
•  FUTURISTI. Una generazone all’avanguardia at Palazzo 
delle Paure in Lecco;
•  Bruno Munari. La leggerezza dell’arte at Eataly Earth 
House;
• Liberty. Torino Capitale at Palazzo Madama;
•  Corner at ADI Design Museum in Milan, where, in ad-
dition to the permanent collection, in November 2023 
an exhibition was inaugurated on the Compasso d’Oro 
Award in Shanghai. The Campari artworks were chosen 
to be further explained with an historical focus for which 
Galleria Campari provided additional digital contents.
197196
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 100:
INDEX >
Cinzano  
Archive
The Archivio Cinzano (Cinzano Archive) preserves over 260 
years of history of a brand which has managed to intertwine 
its development with the change in customs and traditions 
in Italy. The collection is made up of more than 20,000 items, 
including family documents, posters designed by the most 
important artists of the past century, vintage bottles and la-
bels, diplomas, advertising objects and mixology tools from 
the beginning of the 19 th century to today. In 2021, a new 
digital strategy was developed to present the brand in a very 
authentic and modern way. ‘Combinations for genuine mo-
ments’ highlights how the brand is a mix of heritage, history, 
expertise, product quality, tradition and innovation. Classic 
elements are reimagined with a contemporary touch. A tool 
with all this artistic content has been provided to the Group’s 
key markets to use on their local social media accounts.
Campari 
and the cinema
Symbol of the Italian aperitif par excellence, Campari has 
always chosen the cinematographic medium as a vehicle of 
communication to tell the essence of a brand that has given 
birth to the myth of the Italian aperitif around the world. 
A union between Campari and the silver screen, that finds 
maximum expression in the numerous collaborations with 
internationally renowned directors and actors, through in-
novative campaigns that have written the history of brand 
communication. An artistic journey that began in 1984, when 
Federico Fellini shot ‘Ragazza in treno’ (Girl on the train) for 
Campari: a real short film that saw the famous director try his 
hand for the first time at creating a commercial for a private 
brand. The association between Campari and award-winning 
directors has continued over time with numerous collabora-
tions, such as those with Tarsem Singh, author of the ‘Trilogy’ 
in the 1990s, and Joel Schumacher with ‘L’attesa’ (2011), up to 
Paolo Sorrentino who created the current ‘Creation’ commu-
nication campaign. Apart from directors, Hollywood talents of 
the calibre of Uma Thurman, Penelope Cruz and Benicio del 
Toro have put their name alongside that of the brand as stars 
of various editions of the Campari Calendar. Campari Red 
Diaries, the latest project that uses the short film to bring to 
the stage the concept that ‘every cocktail tells a story’, boasts 
the direction of Paolo Sorrentino, Stefano Sollima and Matteo 
Garrone and the interpretation of actors such as Clive Owen, 
Zoe Saldana, Ana de Armas and Adriano Giannini. Finally, in 
order to support a sector that was hit so hard in recent times, 
Campari promoted the #PerIlCinema (#ForTheCinema) in-
itiative, in collaboration with QMI, through which for each 
cinema voucher purchased, Campari supported the cinemas 
chosen by users by giving away a second voucher. In 2023 
Campari celebrated the bond that has always connected the 
brand and Milan, announcing, after 10 years, the restyling 
of the Campari bottle. For the occasion, two initiatives were 
developed: the biggest drone show ever seen in Europe and 
the reopening of the historic Cinema Orchidea, which will 
enrich Milan’s cinematographic art. After 60 years of activity 
and the permanent closure in 2009, the cinema will be again 
an important audiovisual hub and a cultural landmark.
The strong bond between Campari and cinema is renewed 
each year. Italy’s best-known aperitif brand long chose cin-
ematographic art as its cultural and communicative universe 
of reference, and Campari celebrated it again through mul-
tiple initiatives as the Main Sponsor of the 80th edition of 
the Mostra Internazionale d’Arte Cinematografica della Bien-
nale di Venezia (Venice International Film Festival), the most 
important international festival for the promotion of cinema 
in all its forms. As the Main Sponsor for the sixth consec-
utive year, Campari animated the Lido of Venice with the 
Passion and Creativity that distinguish it. The events in Red 
had as protagonists established names of the silver screen 
and young emerging talents, in a series of meetings and 
dialogues to celebrate the film art, creativity and passion, 
essential elements for the realization of a unique work and 
the fil rouge that has always characterized the brand. For 
the first time this year, the now-iconic Campari Lounge loca-
tion has been joined by the historic Hotel Des Bains, which, 
exceptionally, has reopened its doors for an exclusive par-
ty signed by Campari, aimed at celebrating the history and 
magic of Italian and international cinema. Furthermore, to-
gether with the Artistic Directors of the Venice International 
Film Festival, Campari continued to recognise, celebrate and 
reward, through the sixth edition of the official ‘Campari Pas-
sion for Film Award’, the extraordinary contribution that the 
team around directors makes to the completion of every film. 
Campari Passion for Film attributes this award to these pro-
fessionals that are artists and co-authors of the films to which 
they offer their unparalleled talent. The winner of this edition 
was the scenographer Tonino Zera.
In 2023, Campari returned to the 76 th edition of the world-re-
nowned Festival de Cannes for the second time as an of-
ficial partner. At the heart of the Festival de Cannes was 
the Campari Lounge, located inside the Palais des Festivals, 
where Campari hosted a series of events marrying the icons 
of cinema with the icon of mixology, to celebrate unforget-
table creations inviting esteemed guests from the cinema in-
dustry and Campari lovers to fully immerse into the world of 
Campari and cinema. The Lounge featured once again the 
signature circular bar centred in the room, where a selection 
of iconic Campari cocktails, together with the unique Red 
Carpet–Cannes Edition cocktail, were masterfully prepared 
and served by Camparino in Galleria, the historic Milanese 
bar located in Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II and an icon and 
symbol of the aperitif par excellence.
In the United States Campari returned for a milestone fifth 
199198
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 101:
INDEX >
year as the Official Spirits Partner of the 61st edition of the 
New York Film Festival and for the first time, the Presenting 
Sponsor of both Opening and Closing Night, featuring the 
North American May December and Ferrari premieres, re-
spectively. During these key Campari Festival programming 
events, a total of 3,545 film lovers were in attendance and 
5,675 Campari cocktails were served. Top-tier media and Cu-
rators joined the brand for a look into Campari’s cinema plat-
form and the new Campari bottle design. And, five winners 
from Campari’s first-ever consumer sweepstakes enjoyed a 
VIP experience at Closing Night that touted the unveiling 
of Campari’s specialty Negroni Milano Maranello cocktail in-
spired by Ferrari.
In 2023 Campari was the official partner for the fourth year 
in a row as the famous Locarno Film Festival was held for 
the 76 th time. This year’s program provided an opportunity 
to discuss the history and future of cinema as well as other 
forms of art and communication. This year’s Excellence Award 
Davide Campari, paying tribute to unique talents who have 
shaped and continue to shape contemporary cinema, was 
presented to British actor Riz Ahmed, who won an Oscar 
in 2022 for the short film ‘The Long Goodbye’. Due to the 
SAG-AFTRA strike, Riz Ahmed was not personally present in 
Locarno. Campari Group supports the rights of professionals 
in the industry and trusts in a constructive exchange be-
tween the parties involved. Once again, visitors could enjoy 
a refreshing Italian aperitif in the Davide Campari Lounge 
throughout the duration of the Festival. During the first week 
of the Festival, bartenders from the Camparino in Galleria 
served a selection of the most legendary Campari cocktails. 
For the occasion, Campari created the Locarno edition of 
the ‘Campari Red Carpet Cocktail’. Campari again organised 
the opening party on the evening of the awards ceremony in 
the historic Villa San Quirico on the shores of Lake Maggiore. 
Finally, in 2023 Campari sponsored the 73 rd Berlin Interna-
tional Film Festival, the Berlinale, one of the largest public 
film festivals in the world.
CAMPARI LAB
Campari and the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia 
(Experimental Film Centre)-Italy’s oldest institution for high-
er education, conservation and research in the field of film 
culture-have launched Campari LAB in 2019: an ambitious 
educational program structured in interdisciplinary areas and 
aimed at the creation of films inspired by the brand’s core 
values. As part of the educational programs of the National 
School of Cinema, Campari LAB has always aimed at estab -
lishing itself as a cultural incubator in which to discover and 
train new talents in all the professions that passionately bring 
the world of cinema to life. In 2023, for the fifth edition, the 
five-episodes long miniseries ‘The Red Rail’ told the story of 
four young artists and their dream to work in the film industry.
During the 2023 Milan Design Week, Campari Soda presented 
the new ‘Design Connection’ edition, realised in collaboration 
with the Italian design brand Qeeboo. #DesignConnection 
was created to reinforce and make visible and concrete the 
strong link between Campari Soda and the world of design, 
which began back in 1932, when Davide Campari created 
the first single-serving aperitif in history and asked futurist 
Fortunato Depero to design the unmistakable 9.8 cl inverted 
goblet-shaped bottle. In this unprecedented collaboration, 
the two souls of the brands come together, opening a new 
chapter in #WithoutLabels design, giving birth to a collec-
tion of four iconic Qeeboo creations customized with bottles, 
colors and graphics of Campari Soda.
For the duration of the Milan Design Week the bar Campari 
Soda was active at the foot of the hybrid sociocultural space 
STECCA 3.0, where the staircase was decorated by students 
of the Master of Design of the ISIA University of Urbino, in-
spired by the iconic bottle and the colors of Campari Soda.
Throughout the week, Campari Soda contaminated the city 
with its ‘Aperitivo Designed by Campari Soda’ to pay tribute 
to the intrinsic link between Milan and design.
Campari Soda  
and the design
201200
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 102:
INDEX >
4.2 Support to local  
communities
#NEGRONI WEEK
For the 11th year running, Campari and Imbibe Magazine came 
together to promote #NegroniWeek 2023, the annual inter -
national fundraising campaign which celebrates more than 
100 years of the Negroni, one of the most-loved cocktails 
globally showcasing the unique flavour profile of Campari. 
The aim of this one-week initiative, which has been taking 
place internationally since 2013, is to raise funds for charities 
and non-governmental organisations (‘NGOs’). Slow Food, a 
global movement of local communities and activists across 
more than 160 countries, was selected as the official chari -
table partner for the second year. This year’s campaign has 
been a great success, with almost 12,000 registered venues in 
79 countries supporting the cause. The initiative has already 
raised more than USD4.5m for global causes over the years, 
of which about USD600,000 was raised in 2023. All donations 
will support Slow Food, which, like the Negroni and Cam -
pari, has Italian roots. The Slow Food Negroni Week Fund will 
continue to directly support the cocktail community and help 
preserve cultural and biological diversity, promote food and 
beverage education and knowledge exchange, and foster 
equity and justice. There’s no Negroni without Campari, just 
like there’s no industry without bartenders and to celebrate 
this bond, throughout the week there has been the oppor -
tunity to celebrate cocktail culture and show appreciation for 
the art of mixology, recognising the dedication and skill of 
bartenders to create one of the world’s most iconic and loved 
cocktails. Additionally, Campari brought together pairs of top-
tier bartenders to celebrate the bond between mixology and 
the classic Negroni and released The Timeless Bond Series, 
featuring some of the best bartenders from around the world.
WRAY FORWARD-UK
Wray Forward is a free, inclusive and accessible program for 
change that focuses on supporting the sustainability and for-
ward movement of black businesses in UK, promoted in part-
nership with Foundervine, a social enterprise that is helping 
to shape the future of Black businesses and entrepreneurs 
in the community. Two free bespoke programs have been 
created, both by and for our community. The Community 
Business program is a monthly program of workshops aimed 
at community businesses to scale up, expand their network 
and discover new opportunities. The Music Business Accel-
erator is a 3-month program helping Black business owners 
in music to scale up, increase visibility and pitch their busi-
ness idea to investors. The two programs feature intensive 
growth activities, expert-led content, training, coaching, vir-
tual mentoring platform and funding access. In the 3-year 
period from 2021 to 2023, the program supported a total of 
1,987 businesses, making a tangible impact on their growth 
and sustainability and equipping the community with valu-
able knowledge and skills through over 180 hours of live 
learning session delivered. Underlining our commitment to 
an intersectoral approach to diversity and inclusion, 65% of 
these businesses are led by female founders. Our partici-
pants’ satisfaction rates have consistently remained at 100%, a 
testament to the quality and relevance of our programs. The 
launch of the 2023 program has been marked by the creation 
of a very special and limited edition physical ‘Black Pound’, 
born from the partnership between Wray & Nephew and 
Black Pound Day, the biggest Black-led economic movement 
in UK history. The unique coin has been created as a symbol 
to raise awareness of the challenges faced by Black business 
owners and entrepreneurs in the UK with regard to obtain-
ing financial funding. The shared goal is that of increasing 
consumer spending, and overall business support, for Black-
owned businesses.
NEXT GENERATION-ITALY
Campari Group and Campari Academy with the aim of pro-
moting the training of new generations of professionals in 
the bar industry, launched the Next Generation project in 
2023. In collaboration with the municipalities of Rome, Milan 
and Palermo, Campari Academy, in the period 2023-2024, will 
offer 100 scholarships, for a total of 240 hours of training and 
a value of €70,000 to young people (18-25 years old) from 
hospitality schools wishing to pursue a career in bartending. 
Participants are selected on the basis of objective criteria, 
such as academic performance, domicile or residence in the 
municipalities concerned and income.
The Next Generation project at the same time represents 
training, charity and commitment to the bar industry, thus 
confirming the Campari Academy support to the profes -
sionals of today and tomorrow, with cutting-edge training 
activities aimed at spreading the principles of responsible 
and quality drinking. In the Campari Academy spaces, par -
ticipants have the opportunity to meet the most important 
entrepreneurs of the bar industry, exchange opinions and 
advice with them and learn their secrets.
Next Generation aims to become scalable throughout the 
country to give a tangible contribution to the profession 
and allow participants to find concrete career opportunities 
in the bartending.
BANCO ALIMENTARE-ITALY
In 2023 Campari Group continues to promote the partnership 
with Banco Alimentare della Lombardia Association, mem -
ber of Banco Alimentare network (Italian Food Bank), that 
symbolises the fight against marginalisation and poverty, with 
which we share the same values of solidarity and civic com -
mitment for a more inclusive society. Since 1989, in fact, Banco 
Alimentare network, made up of 21 organisations spread all 
over the country and coordinated by Fondazione Banco Ali-
mentare Onlus, has been collecting the production surplus of 
the food supply chain, and it has been redistributing it to 7,612 
charitable organisations that assist the poor and the needy 
all over Italy. Banco Alimentare della Lombardia distributes 
all the collected products to 1,181 affiliated charitable facilities 
in the region. Thanks to the contribution of more than 400 
ADASTRA PROJECT-ITALY
AdAstra Project-Spazio al tuo futuro (Space for your future) is 
a training and work experience project aimed at young peo-
ple in disadvantaged and vulnerable personal and economic 
situations that Campari Group has promoted for the third 
year in partnership with Fondazione di Comunità Milano, A&I 
Onlus, Heineken and Lavazza, and which provides a positive 
example of collaboration between profit and non-profit or -
ganisations. Campari Group, Heineken and Lavazza made 
available their centres of excellence, their ‘academies’, the 
skills of qualified professionals in the field, and on-the-job 
training opportunities to provide young participants with the 
specialist and professional knowledge and skills required 
to pursue a career in the sector. The name AdAstra Project 
is a clear reference to the Latin motto per aspera ad astra 
(through hardships to the stars), signifying the will to over -
come difficulties and embark on one’s own path in the world. 
The training course continued with a four-month apprentice-
ship before the students were actually given a job placement. 
The AdAstra Project represents the ideal context in which 
Campari Group, through Campari Academy, a leading 
school teaching the art of bartending and bar management, 
has the opportunity to make a tangible contribution to the 
promotion of professional education by extending important 
opportunities to disadvantaged young people in an area, 
Milan, that represents the history and origins of the Group.
203202
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 103:
INDEX >
volunteers, the Association managed to retrain around 19,300 
tons of food in 2022, thus helping more than 200,000 people 
in need. Through the organisation of volunteering days, the 
HQ-based Camparistas volunteers go at Banco Alimentare 
della Lombardia’s warehouse in order to save foodstuff from 
waste and prepare the food pallets to be distributed to char-
itable organisations. With the efforts of the Camparistas that 
actively participated, food for more than 100,000 equivalent 
meals daily has been collected and distributed. In addition 
to the volunteering days, Campari Group provides Banco Al-
imentare della Lombardia with financial support by covering 
the expenses of a refrigerated van dedicated to fresh food 
distribution to charitable associations in Milan.
CAMPARI GROUP MEXICO-SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY PROJECTS
In partnership with SACRED, a non profit entity focusing on 
improvement of life conditions in rural Mexican communities, 
the Group in Mexico aims to create a stronger relation with 
the local community where it operates with the production 
facility that is currently been significantly expanded. Among 
the projects developed in 2023, at the beginning of the year, 
Campari Group Mexico partnered with SACRED to support 
the local Greenhouse in Arandas managed by the local mu-
nicipality. With the Campari Group support, the Greenhouse 
will double its plant production from 40,000 to 80,000 plants 
per year. Also, the Group partnered with the local adminis-
tration to fund the restoration of a plaza, with a garden and 
a kiosk, in the municipality of San Ignacio.
CAMPARI GROUP GERMANY-
MÜNCHNER TAFEL
Following previous consistent donations in the last years, in 
2023, as part of this year’s Negroni Week, Campari Group 
Germany continued to contribute to Münchner Tafel, a lo-
cal charity that cares for homeless people and those who 
struggle to make their living, in order to support the ones 
who need help the most in these difficult times. Every week, 
the Munich Food Bank rescues around 130,000 kilograms of 
food and distributes it to around 20,000 Munich residents.
CAMPARI DO BRASIL
In Brazil, with the objective of making Camparistas the pro-
tagonists of change, the ‘Campari Transforma’ working group 
continued to raise the awareness of both internal and external 
stakeholders of the need for a more supportive, conscious 
and sustainable community, acting in the following areas:
•  Corporate volunteering, for the benefit of the local com-
munities of Suape and Alphaville;
•  Responsible consumption, raising awareness among the 
population inside and outside the company regarding 
the importance of adopting and promoting responsible 
consumption of alcoholic beverages;
•  Sustainability, contributing to sustainable development, 
social progress and environmental protection through 
specific activities.
Several communication and engagement actions aimed at 
raising awareness on environmental issues were promoted 
during the year, especially to share best practices in the use, 
reuse and recycling of resources. As a further demonstration 
of our commitment, Campari Group has been the first Italian 
company in Brazil to obtain the Zero Waste certification. In 
2022, in fact, the Group’s plant is Suape completed the cer -
tification audit process ‘Zero Waste’ made by the Zero Waste 
Brazilian Institute, which is accredited by the Zero Waste In-
ternational Alliance. The company also partnered with the 
Construide, a non-governmental organisation whose aim is 
to support families and people in need through the con-
struction of social housing.
AVERNA SPAZIO OPEN
Averna Spazio Open is an urban regeneration project, imple-
mented and supported by Averna with ETS Cantieri Culturali 
alla Zisa and its local community in Palermo, Sicily. The new 
community and meeting area is located within the Cantieri 
Culturali alla Zisa, on the ruins of an old industrial pavilion of 
over 5,000 metres that for years the city has known as ‘Spazio 
Incolto’ (Uncoltivated Space). Murals of the students of the 
Palermo Academy of Fine Arts, who took part in a work -
shop conducted by Igor Scalisi Palminteri, an internationally 
renowned Sicilian street artist, and Fulvio Di Piazza, one of 
the leading exponents of the Sicilian figurative school and 
professor of painting at the Academy, have been realised. 
A new place for socialising and sharing, to be experienced 
on a daily basis, but also a garden courtyard with aromatic 
plants and herbs. The project will be developed over the 
next two years, thanks to the collaboration of the community 
called to actively participate in the gardening workshops and 
take care of the greenery. Averna Spazio Open will be, above 
all, a shared square and a meeting place for all. An open-air 
amphitheatre will be built inside it, hosting a rich program 
of cultural events, festivals and concerts. It’s a place for open 
and shared planning. This is why Averna, together with the 
community organisation Cantieri Culturali alla Zisa, launched 
a ‘call for ideas’, putting the creativity of the many talents on 
the island at the service of Spazio Open giving them the 
opportunity to propose topics, initiatives and activities that 
are relevant for the community to be carried out in the new 
Averna Spazio Open.
APEROL FOR LOCAL COMMUNITIES
Opened in August 2021, Terrazza Aperol, the flagship in Ven-
ice of the Campari Group’s Aperol brand, represents a way 
to celebrate the ritual of the aperitivo, which emerged more 
than 100 years ago, becoming today an international social 
phenomenon. Terrazza Aperol is housed in the spaces of a 
historic Venetian palace in Campo Santo Stefano, in a highly 
touristic area that has remained authentic and populated by 
Venetians, and is inspired by a revisitation of the ‘bacaro’, 
the typical Venetian bar. The intimate bond between Venice 
and Aperol Spritz can be seen in every detail of the furnish-
ings, inspired by the concept of circular economy: from the 
wooden floor made from ‘briccole’, and reclaimed naviga-
tion poles from the lagoon to the walls decorated with glass 
tiles inserted by hand in Venetian stucco, from the ceiling 
reminiscent of the ancient module of beams with decorated 
joints-called the Sansovina ceiling-to the Murano handmade 
glass chandeliers. Respecting the specific urban fabric that 
surrounds it, the bar was designed with a concept aimed 
at using recycled materials, helping to generate a positive 
impact on the environment. From furniture to service, in fact, 
Terrazza Aperol is designed around the concept of being 
plastic-free, thus bringing plastic consumption close to zero. 
Confirming the Group’s constant focus on responsible drink-
ing inspired by the values of the Mediterranean style, special 
attention has been paid to the food concept, with a menu 
created specifically for Terrazza Aperol, based on the Vene-
tian tradition, with excellent Italian ingredients and modulat-
ed on seasonality.
Terrazza Aperol also supported the Venice Gondoliers As -
sociation in the launch of a new guide, unveiling Venice’s 
hidden gems through the eyes of those who daily navigate 
the waters of Venice’s canals aboard gondolas.
Moreover, in 2023 Aperol, a true icon of the Italian Aperitivo, 
carried out a series of initiatives in the spirit of giving back to 
its homeplace, Italy.
This year Aperol launched ‘Un aperitivo insieme vale di piu’ 
(An aperitivo is worth more once shared), with the goal to 
protect the Italian cultural landscape. Aperol contributed 
by donating €50,000 to FAI Fondo Ambiente Italiano, a 
non-profit foundation with the aim of protecting and en-
205204
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 104:
INDEX >
hancing the Italian historical, artistic and landscape heritage. 
Following Aperol’s belief in shared commitment, another do-
nation up to €150,000 has also been pledged, based on 
consumers engagement. By posting pictures of their aperi-
tif with Aperol Spritz they can gain points which get trans-
formed into an additional Aperol donation. In June, Aperol 
celebrated the joy of staying together and the value of shar-
ing with an incredible music experience: Aperol Rockin’1000 
Roma. Here 5,000 rock fans had the opportunity to take part 
in an unforgettable live experience for free, in the suggestive 
location of Stadio dei Marmi in Rome. The concert saw the 
1,000 components of the world largest band performing the 
greatest hits in rock history and contributed to sustain the 
Protezione Civile (Civil Protection) after the recent devastat-
ing flood emergency in the Emilia Romagna Region. But this 
was also an occasion for Aperol to show its willingness to 
support its homeplace, announcing a donation of €150,000 
to Protezione Civile Emilia Romagna, managing the recent 
devastating flood emergency.
In March, the ‘Aperol Together With Venice’ project has been 
inaugurated, a series of long-term initiatives with economic, 
social and environmental impacts, through which Aperol com-
mits to celebrating its strong bond with Venice and its citizens. 
The first of these initiatives was the partnership between 
Aperol and Venice on Board, an amateur sports associa-
tion with the aim of bringing young people to the Venetian 
sailing traditions while safeguarding the lagoon. Aperol’s 
support allowed the association to restore a sanpierota, a 
historical Venetian boat. During the five-months long res-
toration, young students from various academies and craft 
schools could experience the art of conservative restora-
tion in old shipyards. The boat, refurbished respecting all 
the traditional features, will host over 100 Venetian rowing 
courses made available for free for Venetians: a gift from 
Aperol to rediscover, navigating, their city and its traditions. 
In October, Aperol renewed its commitment towards Venice, 
giving birth, with the contribution of Società di Mutuo Soc-
corso Carpentieri e Calafati, to the Scòla dei Calafai, the first 
school where new generations can learn the ancient crafts 
employed in shipbuilding and in the maintenance of wooden 
boats a nautical knowledge that today risks disappearing. 
Fifteen students will build with their own hands a gondola, a 
wooden boat typical of the lagoon, that will be donated to 
the City of Venice to enrich the fleet of boats that guarantee 
public transport on the Canal Grande, as a celebration of the 
indissoluble bond that connects Aperol to the city of Venice 
and its citizens.
‘We gave birth to the Aperol Together With 
Venice project with the desire to return to 
Venice all the beauty that the city has always 
offered’.
Andrea Ceccarini
Aperitifs Marketing Director
CASA BRAULIO AND CAPANNA DOSDÈ
Campari Group is investing to make the Braulio brand be-
come the Alpine region ambassador, not only for Italians but 
for all people who come to Italy. The Group is working to 
transform Valtellina into a destination where people go to 
discover all the excellence of the area, not just a single prod-
uct. Braulio is therefore committed to passionate, exclusive 
and authentic experiences for all mountain lovers.
The opening of Casa Braulio last July marks the start of a 
journey to support and enhance local heritage, celebrating 
craftsmanship in a place surrounded by uncontaminated na-
ture, where time and space seem to slow down. This is the 
aim of the restyling of Braulio’s Cellars in the heart of Bormio, 
a valuable example of the commitment of the company in 
developing projects that benefit the local community or sup-
port the sector, also aiming at the promotion and restoration 
of the cultural heritage and at the protection of geographical 
indications. Visiting the Cellars, the guests will discover the 
underground beating heart of Bormio, where Braulio and 
his 150-years long story were born and keep growing. The 
combination of the Ancient Cellars dating back to the 19th 
and 20th century with the Modern and Contemporary Cel-
lars blends historical spaces with interactive technologies, 
making tradition and heritage meet the future.
Dedicated to preserving the essence of its birthplace, Brau-
lio, in collaboration with CAI Bormio, embarked on an over 
a year initiative, meticulously restoring the abandoned and 
unusable Capanna Dosdè. This gem, perched at 2824 meters 
within the Val Viola, is an emblem of Val Dosdè’s heritage, set 
amidst untamed nature and offering a panoramic gaze into 
the alpine tradition. Capanna Dosdè is now reopened to the 
public as an open bivouac: a night camp over the Alps used 
by mountaineers and hikers for shelter and overnight stays. 
As part of this ambitious project, the path from Valdisotto to 
Capanna Dosdè has been revamped, inviting more hikers 
and enthusiasts to admire this natural treasure.
This venture is a tribute to Braulio’s homeland and a gift to 
local communities by promoting mountain excellence, a give 
back activation on the territory with a concrete action to sup-
port, valorize and communicate local heritage, in continuity 
with the Campari Group’s efforts in the Community Involve-
ment area within its Sustainability roadmap.
GLENGRANT DEVOTION
In September, the Group released a limited-edition The 
GlenGrant. The GlenGrant Devotion, seven decanters only, 
is a tribute to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, to mark the 
legacy of the late Queen, seventy years after her Coronation. 
The 70-year-old The GlenGrant Devotion is the oldest whis -
ky ever released by the distillery, presented as a sculptural 
masterpiece and inspired by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II’s 
dedication and devotion to nature and Scotland’s woodlands. 
This commitment, embraced by forefather James ‘The Major’ 
Grant, lies at the core of The GlenGrant. The decanter and 
sculpture are both made by Scottish artisans, with the wood 
crafted using a fallen elm from the distillery gardens and 
the glass designed and blown by Glasstorm, a luxury glass 
studio based near the distillery.
The first of The GlenGrant Devotion decanters was auctioned 
and sold at Sotheby’s for £81,250, with 100% of the proceeds 
donated to the Royal Scottish Forestry Society, of which Her 
Majesty Queen Elizabeth II was a Patron, in support of the 
preservation of local woodland within the Speyside area by 
planting native species and using riparian planting in riv-
erbank locations to enhance the management, quality and 
biodiversity of river-ways. This funding supports Her late Maj-
esty’s charity in its continuing work and also opens a new 
chapter in The GlenGrant legacy of creating and maintaining 
healthy native woodland, dating back to the passion of Ma-
jor James Grant in protecting the banks of the Back Burn and 
sustaining the quality of the water that feeds the Distillery by 
introducing essential riverbank ‘riparian’ planting.
SKYY VODKA AND THE OCEAN FOUNDATION
In 2023 SKYY Vodka launched its commitment to water con-
servation through a multi-year partnership with The Ocean 
Foundation, the only community foundation for the ocean, 
with the mission to support, strengthen, and promote those 
organisations dedicated to reversing the trend of destruction 
of ocean environments around the world. The partnership 
will help drive awareness, education, and action towards 
helping to conserve and restore the planet’s waterways. To 
help support the conservation of not only the Pacific, but all 
207206
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 105:
INDEX >
of Earth’s oceans, SKYY will be providing a donation to The 
Ocean Foundation. To further conservation efforts, SKYY will 
also be organising numerous beach cleanups, educational 
workshops, and events alongside The Ocean Foundation in 
communities throughout the country.
CAMPARI UK-GROCERYAID
GroceryAid provides emotional, practical and financial sup-
port for those working in the Grocery industry. Campari UK 
has been a partner for more than 3 years and achieved a 
Gold award for its support in 2021 and 2022. In 2023 Campari 
Group UK invested £103,000 across various events to raise 
money and awareness for GroceryAid within the industry, 
with an estimated £14 million raised.
CAMPARISTA DREAM COACH
In Italy, in 2023, Campari Group continued to promote the 
Camparista Dream Coach corporate volunteering project, 
thanks to its collaboration with Junior Achievement. Junior 
Achievement is the largest non-profit organisation in the 
world that encourages and prepares young people, while 
they are still students, for their future in the world of work, 
promoting innovative experiential learning in financial litera-
cy and preparation for work and entrepreneurship, with the 
involvement of companies and institutions. During the school 
year, Camparistas volunteers visited in person or virtually vis-
ited the classrooms of high schools and technical colleges 
as dream coaches to help students set up mini-enterprises, 
supervising their management from concept to launch on 
the market. This enables students to develop technical and 
transversal skills for self-entrepreneurship that are funda-
mental for their future working careers; at the same time, the 
volunteers have the opportunity to share their professional 
experience and transfer their skills, thus becoming a source 
of inspiration for the students and boosting their own moti-
vation. For Camparistas volunteers, this experience constitut-
ed an enriching moment of intergenerational exchange out 
of their daily working routines. Also in 2023, Campari Group 
took part as a member of the jury for the national finals of 
‘Impresa in Azione’ (Company in Action).
GENERATION4UNIVERSITIES
In 2023, Campari Group supported in Italy the Generation-
4Universities project, an acceleration ‘path to work’ with vari-
ous activities, including bootcamp, individual mentorship and 
professional seminars, aimed at talented young university 
students, whose career development potential is limited by 
external elements other than their own abilities. The sup-
port was meant to help them express their value and start 
a career that represents an opportunity for professional and 
personal growth. The project was carried out together with 
the Fondazione Generation Italy–McKinsey.
SISTEMA SCUOLA IMPRESA (SCHOOL 
BUSINESS SYSTEM)
In Italy, Campari Group also adheres to the ‘Sistema Scuo-
la Impresa’ project promoted by the ELIS Consortium. ELIS 
brings together more than 100 large groups, small and me-
dium-sized enterprises, start-ups and universities in a stable 
partnership in order to define efficient training paths for stu-
dents facilitating their entry into the world of work. The ‘Sis-
tema Scuola Impresa’ project intends to give Italian schools’ 
students the opportunity to be trained to become the main 
players of change, guiding themselves towards future pro-
fessions. The project is divided into three macro areas of 
intervention: Role Model, Teaching Revolution and School-
Work Alternation.
LICEO TRED (TRED HIGH SCHOOL)
Within the partnership with ELIS (a non-profit organisation 
that trains people for work, with particular attention to those 
who are socially and economically disadvantaged, through 
collaborations with companies and encouraging their dia-
logue with schools) and with the patronage of the Italian 
Ministry of Education, Campari Group supported the birth of 
a new four-year high school course: the Transition Ecological 
and Digital (‘TRED’) experimental high school.
The TRED experimental high school offers a four-year train-
ing course that combines the scientific-humanistic tradi-
tion of the Italian high school together with the necessary 
knowledge to experience the actual digital and ecological 
transition and on which future professional figures will in-
creasingly depend.
Companies participating in the partnership help schools to 
identify the learnings required by the future labour market, 
offer students the opportunity to experience their knowledge 
in real situations, make their worldwide network available to 
foster experiences abroad and stimulate the students’ ability 
to act in global contexts.
Campari Group also supported the project in the ‘Teaching 
Revolution Plus’ definition and development: an experimen-
tal training course for teachers, co-designed by teachers and 
University’s professors. In the first school year, 27 schools 
were activated throughout the national territory; 500 stu-
dents were enrolled, and 350 teachers engaged.
209208
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 106:
INDEX >
Founded in 1957, by Angiola Maria Migliavacca Barbizzoli and 
Guido Campari, Fondazione Campari is a private law founda-
tion subject to the rules of the Italian Civil Code. Pursuant to 
its By-Laws, the purpose of the foundation is to pursue social 
solidarity projects and, in particular, to promote assistance, 
training, education and charity in favour of all deserving indi-
viduals. This purpose may be pursued in Italy and/or abroad 
and mainly benefits employees and former employees of 
Davide Campari-Milano N.V., of the companies or entities 
controlling it or which are controlled by it (‘Campari Group’), 
of their families and of all those who have contributed to 
the success of the ‘Campari’ name. Fondazione Campari may 
also pursue social solidarity purposes and, in particular, as-
sistance, training, education and charity in favour of persons 
other than Campari Group employees.
4.3 The Foundations
Fondazione Campari
In 2023 Fondazione Campari did not stop its philanthropic 
activity, continuing to be close to Camparistas and their fami-
lies all over the world, also supporting a major macro-project: 
the Liceo Malpighi school in Bologna with a wide-ranging 
series of initiatives. Fondazione Campari, through the project 
‘Imparare per passione’ (Learn by passion) linked to Liceo 
Malpighi, has developed a scholarship program aimed at 
giving students the opportunity to attend the 4-Year Program 
of the International High School. The project, through the 
Excellent course, also provides the chance for two deserv-
ing students to participate in the ‘Harvard Secondary School 
Program-7 Week College Experience’ and in the ‘Brown Pre 
Baccalaureate Program-7 Week’. With the support of the 
Foundation, the Lyceum also organised a Career Service.
As an important step in the history of the Foundation, in 2023 
Fondazione Campari became part of ASSIFERO, the Italian 
association of foundations and philanthropic bodies.
In 2023 Fondazione Campari provided philanthropic aid 
amounting to a total of €289,999.28.
As regards Camparistas, the philanthropic effort was 
€183,103.28 broken down as follows.
Type Economic value
Mortgage subsidies €27,000
Scholarships and Universities awards €50,500
Nursery/kindergarten fees €16,500
One-off applications-Italy €47,103.28
One-off applications-abroad €42,000
Total €183,103.28
J. Wray&Nephew  
Foundation
J. Wray&Nephew Foundation (‘JWNF’) is the vehicle used by the 
Group’s subsidiary in Jamaica (J. Wray & Nephew-JWN) to pro -
mote social inclusion, culture, education and infrastructural de-
velopment in communities surrounding the operations. These 
interventions are designed and executed for the benefit of the 
local community with the support of Camparista volunteers and 
community groups. Emphasis has been placed on large-scale in-
frastructural development programs to improve access to quality 
education and social inclusion that would help the community 
and address new needs that have emerged since the pandemic.
In 2023, JWNF carried out twenty-two targeted interventions 
under its three main pillars of education and infrastructur-
al development, social inclusion and cultural expression, for 
a total value of JMD56,989,824.66 (€347,637.93), impacting 
727,557 persons directly and 4,673,316 persons indirectly.
CAMPARISTA VOLUNTEERISM
In 2023 JWN saw a total of 67 volunteers who participated in 
17 initiatives which generated 713 volunteer hours.
OUTREACH PROGRAM
The main programs and projects developed within each area 
are shown below.
EDUCATION AND INFRASTRUCTURAL 
DEVELOPMENT
•  Mini Agro-Processing Plant-Elim, St. Elizabeth: support 
for the management of the Elim Mini Agro-Processing 
facility continued until April 2023, as well as repairs to the 
cooling system valued at JMD1,947,200.00 (€11,871.37). The 
facility was handed over on 24 March 2022 at the Syd -
ney Pagon STEM Academy (‘SPSA’), the only agricultural 
school in central Jamaica to support the practical educa-
tion of the students. The total investment for the construc-
tion of the project was JMD45,000,000 (€280,755.88). The 
school’s outreach initiative was also supported by pro-
viding transportation so 24 teachers from schools in the 
region could be trained and certified in Agro-Food Pro-
cessing. This was valued at JMD550,000 (€3,288.92).
•  Appleton Basic School Renovation-Siloah, St. Elizabeth: 
Construction of the new school with upgraded classroom 
facilities, a nursery, and a multipurpose auditorium for skills 
training programs at the Appleton Basic School begun in 
2022 and continued in 2023. The newly built state of the 
art early childhood institution will be handed over in Jan-
uary 2024. The Appleton Basic School (‘ABS’) is a bene -
ficiary school of the Appleton Sugar Factory and is the 
main school for early childhood in the Siloah community 
supporting dependents of Camparistas in St. Elizabeth. 
  Following the closure of the factory, and noting the lim-
itations associated with modernising the current location 
of the Basic School, the JWNF decided to create a green -
field site and construct a state-of-the-art early childhood 
educational facility that will be the standards for certifica-
tion by the Early Childhood Commission (‘ECC’) certifica-
tion. The new school will be on lands owned by J. Wray & 
Nephew across from the Joy Spence Appleton Estate Rum 
Experience (‘JS-AERE’) and will separate the education -
al institution from the operating plant of Appleton, while 
remaining visible. The new school will feature classrooms 
that are designed with sanitisation areas, social distancing, 
technology, solar lighting, and ventilation. The compound 
will feature a school garden, playground, special needs 
classrooms, and rainwater harvesting. The investment of 
JMD92M ((€550,146.62) will make the Appleton Basic School 
the most modern plant in Northeast St. Elizabeth surpass-
ing JWNF’s last school project, the Middlesex Infant School, 
which is currently ranked as the top public early childhood 
learning centre. It will be a source of pride for the commu-
nity, offering a solid foundation in education, encouraging 
exploration, and fostering life skills with farming and sports. 
As with Middlesex Early Childhood Institution, this school 
will become the heart of the community allowing adults to 
use the plant to improve their literacy and learn skills such 
as parenting, entrepreneurship, business management and 
project management, among others.
  The school will also see Appleton’s dominance as an employer 
being transitioned into the new age where Appleton will be 
seen as a partner, facilitator and catalyst for the growth and 
development of St. Elizabeth. In so doing, goodwill will be cre-
ated for generations to come, and be seen as the model for 
corporate Jamaica to emulate. Appleton Basic will be the first 
registered early childhood institution in Siloah, St. Elizabeth.
211210
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 107:
INDEX >
•  Annual Scholarship Awards Program 2023: JWN Founda -
tion disbursed JMD23,605,000 (€143,911.06) for 364 stu -
dents from communities surrounded in JWN operations in 
Kingston, Clarendon & St Elizabeth. The 2023 scholarship 
cohort is a diverse and accomplished group, compris-
ing 156 scholastic grants, 146 secondary scholars and 62 
tertiary scholars; 10 of whom are special Master Blender 
awardees. Below the scholarship program categories:
 •  Harmonised Community & Camparistas Scholarship 
Program 2023: the continuation of the harmonized 
program saw 208 scholarships awarded to a value 
of JMD19,280,000 (€117,543.12);
 •  Special Scholastic Support to the Children of Affected 
Camparistas by JWN site closures: this is the result of 
a partnership between JWN and the JWNF to support 
the dependents of the affected Camparistas following 
the 2018 closure of the Holland and Casa Marantha 
Estates and the 2020 closure of the Appleton Estate 
Sugar Factory. In total, 156 students received support 
via this partnership for the current financial year.
•  Teacher’s Day Big Up: in celebration of Teacher’s Day, JWNF 
recognised the hard work and dedication of 637 teachers 
at 19 early childhood, primary and high schools supported 
in Kingston, Clarendon, and St. Elizabeth. These packages 
included supermarket vouchers to a value of JMD1,413,000 
(€8,614.54). Principals were also asked to select 6 top per -
forming teachers who were gifted a visit to the Joy Spence 
Appleton Estate Rum Experience (‘JSAERE’). This allowed to 
treat 54 teachers to a VIP experience at JSAERE valued at 
JMD572,000.00 (€3,487.28). The total cost of the initiative 
was JMD2,005,017.00 (€12,223.86).
•  JWNF Internship and Implementation of the JWN Skills 
Bank: each year the JWNF scholarship program provides 
a valuable opportunity for top scholars to participate 
in a one-year internship program. This year’s internship 
enabled three former scholars to be immersed in the 
Public Affairs and Engineering departments. This pro-
vided them with unique opportunity to acquire hands-
on experience in these areas in one of Jamaica’s top 
performing companies, collectively amounting value of 
JMD2,736,000.00 (€16,680.39). Three additional scholars 
are currently in the process of being placed with other 
departments at JWN and another scholar was perma-
nently employed by JWN in February 2023.
•  JWNF/Junior Achievement Jamaica Career Success 
Workshop: the JWN Foundation maintained its commit-
ment to developing young people by its continued part-
nership with the Junior Achievement Jamaica. Through 
this partnership, students were equipped with essential 
skills needed to effectively navigate the corporate world. 
The two sessions were attended by 59 scholars from 
the 2022 and 2023 cohort of scholarship recipients, who 
were taught to manage conflict in the working environ-
ment, interview skills and resume writing. This venture 
was valued at JMD1,603,739.15 (€9,691.46).
•  Read Across Jamaica Day 2023: read Across Jamaica Day 
is an annual event observed during Child’s Month in May. 
It is part of an initiative to promote literacy and education 
among Jamaican children. JWNF collaborated with the 
Book Industry Association of Jamaica to demonstrate its 
commitment to education and literacy by donating 84 
books to the libraries of twelve of our focus schools. 
The book was selected based on the alignment with the 
theme of conflict resolution which complemented the 
outreach project sponsored by the US Embassy. As part 
of the initiative, 37 Camparistas volunteered to read to 
the students in their respective schools, directly impact-
ing approximately 1,680 students. The books given to 
the libraries could impact the twelve schools’ population, 
which is cumulatively approximately 7,000 students. This 
initiative cost JMD494,495.00 (€3,014.76).
•  Interim Support to Appleton Basic School: dona-
tions were made to the school valued at JMD200,000 
(€1,219.33) to assist with the back-to school process for 
reopening in September.
SOCIAL INCLUSION
•   International Women’s Day Activation #EndPeriod-
Poverty: JWN Foundation continued to focus on the 
issue of period poverty for International Women’s Day 
2023 under the theme ‘Embrace Equity’. Building on the 
foundation’s previous donations of 3,122 sanitary napkins 
to 1,561 girls at 18 institutions, JWNF partnered with T. 
Geddes Grant Ltd. This partnership enabled to expand 
the impact by donating 3,600 sanitary napkins to 1,800 
girls at 21 institutions across Kingston, Clarendon, and St. 
Elizabeth with a value of JMD1,027,051 (€6,261.55).
•  Tackling the crime wave (Crime Stop partnership): in 
February 2021, J. Wray&Nephew Ltd. signed a three-year 
agreement to support Crime Stop Jamaica’s multi-media 
campaign aimed at tackling acts of crime across Jamaica. 
Through the agreement JWN is to provide JMD1,550,000 
(€9,449.78) each year for a total of €26,505 to assist in ad -
dressing Jamaica’s crippling and escalating crime prob-
lem that affects all areas of life. This support continued in 
2023 and will be renewed in January 2024. Crime Stop is 
administered by the National Crime Prevention Fund and 
is run under the direction of The Private Sector Organisa-
tion of Jamaica. Videos are produced to raise awareness 
about specific incidents of crime and to sensitise citizens 
regarding the importance of reporting to the police; the 
identity of the person proving the information is protect-
ed (since the beginning of the program there has not 
been any personal data violations) and a reward is also 
offered for information leading to arrest or capture.
•  Celebrating our heroes: to acknowledge and celebrate Ja-
maica’s Heroes Month (October), JWN Corporate saluted 
local heroes who have made a positive impact in their com-
munities. This activation had 351 persons nominating 645 he-
roes, 45 persons were chosen and awarded JMD50,000.00 
(€304.83) each to total JMD2,250,000 (€13,717.43).
•  Agropreneurship Initiative: after the successful distribu-
tion of Chicken Starter kits to affected staff in St. Elizabeth 
communities in 2021, the JWN Foundation expanded the 
project to its Clarendon community council members on 
June 29, 2023. This expansion reached over 40 individuals, 
empowering them with the essential resources and guid-
ance need to establish sustainable and profitable poultry 
ventures. In addition to the provision of chicken starter kits, 
Lasco food packages were allocated further reinforcing 
the JWN’s committment to addressing the needs of the 
community and improving food security among the res-
idents. A total of 50 packages was distributed and JWNF 
invested JMD960,516 (€5,885.92) on this initiative.
•  Community Councils & Relations : in 2023, twenty-five 
donations were made to various community groups 
close to operations in Kingston, Clarendon & St. Eliza-
beth, as well as towards stakeholder relationships total-
ing JMD3,697,292.07 (€22,541.04).
•  US Embassy/JWNF/LCF Conflict Resolution Series : the 
Conflict Resolution Workshop Series and Intervention 
Program is designed to educate children and parents by 
training them to deal with interpersonal conflicts, to take 
ownership of their own emotions, and to exhibit critical 
thinking to resolve potentially violent situations. JWNF 
hosted various sessions throughout this year geared 
Principals, Guidance Counsellors, Deans of Disciplines, 
at-risk students identified by the school who required 
behavioural intervention and their parents. The program 
benefitted 185 students and 87 parents and proved to in-
crease the awareness of conflict resolution without there 
being an increase in their disruptive behaviour. This initi-
ative is valued at JMD4,125,414.44 (€25,151.14).
•  Drink Responsibly Campaign: ‘Party Proppa’ : The 2023 
Party Proppa: Drink Responsibly Campaign was launched 
last August. For more information refer to the local initi-
atives within the Responsible Practices chapter.
•  International Coastal Clean-up Day: the J. Wray&Neph-
ew Ltd team joined the Grace Kennedy Foundation and 
a group of over 500 volunteers on ‘International Coastal 
Clean Up Day’, September 16, 2023 by undertaking a 
beach clean-up exercise at the Gunboat Beach in King-
ston. Through this initiative over 13,000 pounds of plas-
tics and other waste material were removed from the 
beach. This project is one of the many ways the JWN 
Team seeks to create a more sustainable environment 
and is subsumed under a digital campaign entitled ‘Sus-
taining the Future’ which was created to highlight the 
most recent dunder treatment plant environmental pro-
ject and remind the public about other JWN sustainable 
actitives. This initiative totaled JMD212,000.00 (€1,293.74).
213212
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 108:
INDEX >
CULTURAL EXPRESSION
•  JWNF DJ Training Summer Camp: JWNF partnered with 
DJ Denvo Thombs of the Play it Loud Open Format 
Academy to develop a Training Summer Camp able to 
provide a positive and constructive outlet for the youth 
in the inner-city communities surrounding the Spanish 
Town Road office. The initiative catered to youths aged 
12-16 years who were engaged in a learning experience 
focused on the fundamentals of DJing, while also nur-
turing life skills such as teamwork, self-confidence, and 
self-expression. They also had the opportunity to visit 
two studios, FAME FM where they got to see the broad-
casting aspect of the industry as well as DB Studios in 
Seaview Gardens, where they had the opportunity to re-
cord their own songs. This initiative was executed at a 
value of JMD850,800 (€5,187.02).
•  Appleton Estate Monument Unveiling: Building on the 
findings of the research on the history of Appleton Es-
tate under the ownership of the Dickensons in the 1700s, 
JWN embarked on a project to erect a monument hon-
ouring the enslaved ancestors who worked on the Ap-
pleton Estate. JWN initiated a design and build compe-
tition to commemorate this memory. The monument is 
now an integral part of the Joy Spence Appleton Estate 
Rum Experience which offers visitors an opportunity to 
engage the role of the enslaved people in the rich histo-
ry and heritage of the estate.
•  Appleton Estate History Book: The Appleton Estate: A 
History book was launched on February 9th 2023 in King-
ston. The launch was marked by a presentation by Pro-
fessor Verene Shepherd, who was the lead researcher for 
the project and provided a comprehensive insight into 
the meticulous process of gathering the data and the 
key highlights of the research. Copies of Appleton Esate: 
A History are being sold at Joy Spence Appleton Estate 
Rum Experience and in local bookshops.
Campari Foundation  
Mexico
Fundación Campari was created in Mexico in 2016 with the 
aim of supporting education and health and combating pov-
erty, especially in the Arandas region, where Campari Group 
Mexico’s production facility is located. The two main projects 
promoted by Fundación Campari México are the ‘School Kits’ 
program and the ‘Espolòn School’, an educational program 
for distillery employees. The Mexican distillery was recog-
nised as a study centre by local institutions and has conse-
quently been granted authorisation for external teachers to 
teach officially recognised lessons there. The Espolòn School 
program aims to increase the educational level of the work-
force in Mexico and, at the end of the program, participants 
receive their high school diploma directly from the public 
school system. Again with the aim of fostering school conti-
nuity and the development of future talent in the region, the 
Foundation distributed 105 scholar kits to the employees of 
the plant in Arandas for their children.
215214
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 109:
INDEX >
Campari Group’s goal is to create and share long-term val-
ue with stakeholders. On the one hand, the economic val-
ue generated and distributed provides an indication of how 
wealth is created, and on the other hand there are plenty of 
intangible resources and initiatives that derive from the Cam-
pari Group’s Global Sustainability roadmap59 and contribute 
to the value creation processes. In this regard, community 
engagement and involvement with the local territory are of 
fundamental importance, as described in the above and sub-
sequent chapters.
4.4 Creating value  
for stakeholders
Economic value  
generated and distributed  
by Campari Group
ECONOMIC VALUE GENERATED
•  Revenues from sales: €2,918.6 million;
•  Financial income collected (interest income): +€22.8 
million.
ECONOMIC VALUE DISTRIBUTED 
OPERATING COSTS
•  Cost of sales: -€1,218.5 million (of which -€115.7 million 
for personnel costs);
•  Advertising and promotional costs: -€494.1 million (of 
which -€4.9 million for personnel costs);
•  Selling general and administrative expenses: -€587.3 
million (of which -€381.5 million for personnel costs).
The previous costs include total personnel costs of +€502.1 
million, taxes other than income taxes of -€16.9 million, and 
donations and gifts of -€1.3 million.
•  Dividends distributed: -€67.5 million;
•  Financial expenses paid (interest expenses paid) 60: 
-€63.6 million;
•  Direct taxes paid: -€195.0 million.
During 2023, the economic value generated by the Group 
was +€2,941.3 million, while the economic value distributed 
during the year was +€2,625.9 million.
Also considering the amortisation of €110.2 million, and the 
write-downs of fixed assets, provisions net of utilisations to-
talling €0.8 million, the value retained, given by the differ-
ence between the economic value generated and the eco-
nomic value distributed, was equal to +€426.4 million.
59 For more information on the Global Sustainability roadmap, refer to the paragraph ‘Sustainability for the Group’.
60 Starting from 2019 the financial charges include the notional interest payables for leases, following the application of IFRS 16-‘Leases’.
217216
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 110:
INDEX >
Tax  
transparency
APPROACH TO TAX
Davide Campari-Milano N.V. has been operating since its in-
corporation in Italy, in first instance in Sesto San Giovanni 
(MI), at the historical production site, and now in Novi Ligure, 
Canale D’Alba, Alghero and Caltanissetta. In July 2020, the 
Company transferred its registered office to the Netherlands, 
without dissolution and liquidation, converted its legal form 
into a Naamloze Vennootschap (N.V.) governed by Dutch law, 
but maintained all its operations and assets and its tax resi-
dence in Italy.
Campari Group’s approach to tax seeks to enable and sup-
port the Group business strategy, as well as balance the 
various interests of the stakeholders including shareholders, 
governments, employees, customers, consumers and the 
communities in which the Group operates.
Management and reporting of tax affairs ensure compliance 
with laws and consistency with international best practice 
guidelines, such as international accounting standards and 
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Develop-
ment (‘OECD’) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, along 
with the respect of the Group Code of Ethics published on 
the Corporate website and inspired by cooperative and 
transparent behaviours, in order to minimise the impact of 
any tax and reputational risks. In particular, with respect to in-
tercompany transactions the Group follows a Transfer Pricing 
Policy, in line with the arm’s length principle, an international 
standard established by the Model Tax Convention and re-
ferred to in the OECD Transfer Pricing Guidelines for Multi-
national Enterprises and Tax Administrations (hereinafter also 
referred to as the ‘OECD Guidelines’). Intercompany relations 
are structured at market prices and conditions, ensuring val-
ue creation in the places where the Group conducts its busi-
ness. Based on the OECD Guidelines, the pricing method 
to be used to test the arm’s length nature of a transaction 
between associated companies is one which is based on the 
facts and circumstances of the transaction under analysis and 
which is able to provide the most reliable measure in line 
with the market.
TAX GOVERNANCE, CONTROL 
AND RISK MANAGEMENT
The responsibility for managing tax issues falls within the Tax 
Department, which ultimately reports to the Chief Financial 
Officer.
In more detail, taxation management is addressed to the 
Headquarter Tax Department, which avails of local teams in 
each country. The Headquarter Tax Department is responsi-
ble for coordination and support of the local teams, also with 
the assistance of tax advisors from leading firms/networks.
Under the leadership of the Group Senior Tax Director, the 
Headquarter tax function is organised and structured to cov-
er the following areas: International Tax, Regional and Local 
Tax Compliance, Transfer Pricing and Tax Risk Management.
Tax management mainly includes:
•  Determining Group Tax Guidelines, Tax Analysis and 
Governance;
• Monitoring tax law developments;
•  Overseeing tax compliance of all the Group subsidiaries, 
in accordance to the Group’s guidelines and rules;
•  Monitoring and updating Group Transfer Pricing Policy, 
to secure transfer pricing compliance;
•  Supporting Local Finance Directors/Managers on key 
transactions and fiscal deliverables;
•  Cooperating with other departments and/or affiliates, 
providing valuable tax advice on several transactions, in-
cluding M&A and restructuring;
• Supporting affiliates on local tax audits and litigations;
•  Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns 
related to tax.
Tax management is governed by the principles of transpar-
ency, collaboration, honesty, appropriateness and compli-
ance with all tax legislation.
Specific tax disclosures are included in the Group annual re-
port, including Group tax rate analysis (’Taxation’ of Campari 
Group consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2023).
The choice of countries where the Group operates is guided 
by business assessments and not by tax reasons. As a gen-
eral principle, tax compliance is considered a key area of the 
Group’s ethical and responsible management and Campari 
Group’s approach with tax authorities is always governed by 
transparency and collaboration principles, also in the case of 
tax audits, in line with the Group Code of Ethics and relevant 
regulations. So far, the Group has not received any solicita-
tion from its stakeholders on tax issues.
Last April 2021 Campari Group was listed by the Italian Min-
istry of Economy and Finance among the Italian Solidarity 
Taxpayers, being one of the companies that waived the right 
to suspend tax payments during the Covid-19 emergency. 
Thanks to such contributions, the Group was able to support 
the Italian health system, workers and companies to with-
stand the impact of the pandemic.
The table below is a representation of the main 2023 finan-
cial, economic, and tax-related information for each Region 
where the Group operates.
219218
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 111:
INDEX >
Country
Revenues Profit (loss) before 
income tax
Income tax paid 
(on cash basics)
Income tax 
accrued
Net tangible  
assets
Average number 
of employees
Employees 
remuneration
Wht on  
employees
remuneration
Social 
contribution
Total Employees 
taxes (wht + social 
contribution)
Vat & other  
equivalent  
sales taxes
Excises
Unrelated party Related party Total
Argentina 78.5 2.6 81.2 (1.1) 0.8 0.1 10.3 129 5.3 0.5 1.0 1.5 - 11.2
Austria 60.0 0.0 60.0 3.3 0.5 0.8 0.0 20 2.2 0.9 0.5 1.4 6.1 8.3
Australia 126.0 2.9 128.9 5.7 0.9 3.2 15.3 197 20.6 6.0 0.0 6.0 - 103.0
Belgium 49.7 0.0 49.7 2.5 0.4 0.7 0.4 39 2.9 1.6 0.8 2.5 3.4 3.6
Brasil 68.5 2.6 71.1 5.3 1.6 0.0 9.2 171 6.1 2.6 1.7 4.3 19.2 13.2
Canada 80.5 2.5 83.0 1.3 0.9 0.4 12.7 138 9.9 3.9 1.0 4.8 1.9 0.2
Switzerland 37.3 - 37.3 1.1 0.2 0.1 0.6 33 3.4 0.4 0.6 0.9 1.9 14.6
China 12.9 3.9 16.8 0.5 0.9 0.7 0.1 29 2.9 - 0.4 0.4 0.4 -
Germany 209.4 1.0 210.4 10.2 2.9 3.5 1.3 132 11.2 (4.2) 1.7 (2.4) 42.0 65.6
Spain 31.0 - 31.0 0.7 0.6 0.0 0.1 59 4.0 1.1 1.0 2.0 4.5 5.7
France 277.7 149.1 426.8 34.2 12.7 26.2 58.1 430 25.4 2.6 13.0 15.6 23.5 6.2
United Kingdom 109.5 25.7 135.2 5.3 (0.2) - 65.4 142 16.0 5.3 1.9 7.3 6.9 53.8
Greece 3.3 11.9 15.2 3.6 1.0 0.8 4.4 25 0.8 0.2 0.3 0.5 1.0 3.6
India 10.3 - 10.3 0.1 0.0 0.0 0.1 13 0.7 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.3 -
Italy 530.3 523.6 1,053.9 624.6 76.7 111.0 124.1 991 111.6 28.4 20.9 49.3 147.7 92.4
Jamaica 191.7 60.9 252.6 60.3 13.9 14.2 98.0 549 26.8 7.5 1.9 9.4 19.3 46.9
Mexico 54.6 143.4 198.0 (6.7) 0.1 - 107.3 296 12.4 3.9 1.4 5.3 0.0 16.2
New Zealand 11.6 - 11.6 (0.4) 0.0 - 0.0 6 0.7 0.1 0.0 0.1 2.2 10.0
Peru 35.1 - 35.1 1.6 1.5 0.8 0.5 31 1.4 0.3 0.2 0.5 0.4 2.0
Russia 103.8 0.8 104.6 9.7 3.4 3.8 1.1 121 6.9 2.0 1.1 3.1 3.2 -
Singapore 15.2 17.2 32.4 (0.7) 0.0 - 0.7 36 1.3 0.3 0.2 0.5 0.2 -
Ukraine 5.2 0.2 5.5 (3.4) 0.2 - 0.0 30 1.1 0.2 0.2 0.4 0.3 0.4
United States of 
America 811.9 52.6 864.5 104.8 27.8 10.9 227.5 481 79.6 0.9 4.4 5.3 0.1 127.2
South Africa 25.0 0.6 25.6 1.3 0.3 0.2 0.0 31 3.9 - 0.0 0.0 0.8 8.4
Hong Kong 0.0 - 0.0 (0.4) - - - 3 0.2 - 0.0 0.0 - -
Korea 24.8 0.0 24.9 2.6 0.0 0.5 0.3 34 2.4 0.6 0.1 0.7 2.6 7.2
Total 2,964 1,002 3,965 866 147 178 738 4,166 360 65 54 120 288 600
2022 reporting (€ million)
Data in columns ‘Revenues’, ‘Profit (Loss) before income tax’, 
‘Income tax paid (on cash basis)’, ‘Income tax accrued’, ‘Net 
Tangible assets’, ‘Average number of employees’ are stated 
taking into account the Country by Country Reporting ap-
proach, in line with GRI207 instructions.
For the list of legal entities part of Campari Group and their 
related brief activity description, refer to the table ‘Basis of 
consolidation’ included in Campari Group consolidated fi-
nancial statements at 31 December 2023.
221220
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 112:
INDEX >
4.5 Campari Group 
stakeholders
The following categories of stakeholders have been identified in the course of conducting business, with 
which the Group maintains an ongoing dialogue.
STAKEHOLDER: Consumers
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Market research and customer 
satisfaction; tests and focus groups; social media; Group websites; events.
KEY ISSUES: Product quality and safety; transparency of information; responsible 
communication.
STAKEHOLDER: Bartenders
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Campari Academy courses; 
Campari Academy Truck; Campari Barman Competition; events; sustainability 
questionnaire.
KEY ISSUES: Professional, high-quality and responsible serving.
STAKEHOLDER: Local communities
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Corporate volunteering; Negroni 
Week; charity activities for NGOs; Covid-19-related supporting initiatives; visits to 
Campari Gallery; contributions to external shows and exhibitions.
KEY ISSUES: Investments and aid for the community; social and environmental 
impacts generated; job creation.
STAKEHOLDER: Press
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Press releases and PR material; 
websites; preparation and coordination of interviews with senior management; 
events.
KEY ISSUES: Timely and transparent communication, information/statements on 
the relevance of sustainability issues and their impact on the Group’s strategy, 
targets and activities prepared, involvement of top management in business 
sustainability-related issues.
STAKEHOLDER: Camparistas
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Biennial survey on internal morale 
(Great Place To Work 2018); internal and external training courses; performance 
appraisal; internal communication tools (press review, intranet, mailing); ‘Yammer’ 
internal social network; internal events for Camparistas; business meetings; 
management committees.
KEY ISSUES: Business climate; career development and growth; remuneration and 
incentives; training; work/life balance; corporate welfare; equal opportunities; 
health and safety at work; internal communication.
STAKEHOLDER: Suppliers, distributors and commercial partners
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Supplier Code; Sedex; co-product 
development; innovation projects; business meetings; third-party verification; 
validation and certification of documents and reports.
KEY ISSUES: A solid and transparent negotiating relationship that is subject to 
continuous checks; contractual terms and conditions; order planning; compliance 
with Campari Group policies.
STAKEHOLDER: Competitors
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Participation in sector association 
conferences.
KEY ISSUES: Protection of sector interests; promotion of responsible consumer 
behaviours and models.
STAKEHOLDER: Shareholders, investors and analysts
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Shareholders’ meeting; management 
board reports, press releases and investor presentations; analyst calls, investor 
meetings, road shows and investor conferences; dedicated email address investor.
relations@campari.com.
KEY ISSUES: Dividends, stock performance; investor relations; capital base.
STAKEHOLDER: Trade associations
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Regular meetings; preparation and 
sharing of projects and best practices; participation in meetings and activities of 
associations.
KEY ISSUES: Protection of sector interests; promotion of responsible consumer 
behaviours and models.
STAKEHOLDER: Trade unions
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Collective and supplemental 
bargaining; meetings with company union representatives; conferences.
KEY ISSUES: Ongoing dialogue and fulfilment of obligations arising from collective 
bargaining with the trade union associations.
STAKEHOLDER: Institutions
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Participation in national and 
international conferences on issues facing the industry.
KEY ISSUES: Transparent communication; compliance with laws and sound business 
management.
STAKEHOLDER: Schools and universities
ENGAGEMENT AND CHANNELS OF DIALOGUE: Undertaking projects in partnership; 
graduate programs; company testimonials at educational institutions; guided 
tours for students at the Campari Gallery.
KEY ISSUES: Partnerships and projects; financing.
223222
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Page 113:
CAMPARI 
GROUP  
AND THE 
SUSTAINABLE 
DEVELOPMENT 
GOALS
225224 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 114:
INDEX >
Campari Group 
contributes to the 
attainment of 11 of 
the 17 Sustainable 
Development Goals 
(SDGs) 61 established 
under the UN 
2030 Sustainable 
Development Agenda, 
which promotes the 
active participation of all 
stakeholders (i.e., private 
sector, public sector, 
institutions and local 
communities). 
In particular, the objectives shown in the table below 
were linked to the sustainability issues that constituted the 
starting point for carrying out the materiality analysis:
61  www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable-
development-goals/
62  The material issues for the Group are highlighted in 
bold as reported in the materiality analysis.
63  Former target of -40% (L/L) in 2025 and -42.5% 
(L/L) in 2030 revised in 2023 following very positive 
performance results in 2022.
SDGs Campari Group topics62 Campari Group commitments
Exporting best practices across key markets
•  Strong commitment to work, education and culture 
will continue to be key for Campari Group;
•  Best local practices will be exported to other 
geographies around the world;
•  Through its Foundations in the world, the Group 
promote assistance, training, education and charity 
in favour of Camparistas and local communities.
Learning and development, health&safety
•  Development culture: establishing integrated process 
across the organisation to support the development 
of Camparistas at individual and company level; 
•  Sustainable improvement in the health and safety 
management system through the realization of 
initiatives within specific fundamental areas.
Education and involvement on responsible drinking
•  Ad hoc and continuous training for the global 
marketing community going into digital 
communication in great depth 
•  Educational sessions on responsible drinking for 
100% of Camparistas;
•  Responsible serving project for bartenders to be 
leveraged at global level.
Remuneration policies
Relationships and initiatives for the community
Activities of the Foundations
Value generated and distributed to stakeholders
Economic sustainability
Job creation
Diversity, equal opportunities and inclusion
Training and employee development
Human rights 
Recruitment, turnover and pension policies
Talent attraction 
Remuneration policies
Industrial relations
Work-life balance 
Employee satisfaction
Health and safety
Employee training and development
Relationships and initiatives for the community 
Activities of the Foundations
Health and safety 
Emissions 
Waste
Water
Energy and GHG emissions
•  Achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 or, hopefully, 
sooner.
•  Reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from direct 
operations (Scope 1 and 2) by 55% by 2025, by 70% 
by 2030 and by 30% for the total Value Chain by 
2030.
•  100% renewable electricity for European production 
sites by 2025.
Water 
•  Reduce water usage (L/L) by 60% by 2025 and by 
62% by 203063;
•  Return 100% of wastewater from Campari Group 
operations to the environment safely.
Waste
•  Zero waste to landfill within 2025.
Water
Energy
Renewable energy
227226
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 CAMPARI GROUP AND THE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

Page 115:
INDEX >
Business relations with responsible and transparent 
partners
Relations with institutions
Projects and initiatives on sustainability
Exporting best practices across key markets
•  Continuous involvement in the world of art, 
through sponsoring major events, collaboration with 
renowned artists and further developing iconic brand 
houses and the Campari Gallery;
•  Strong support to business partners through 
activations and events, being committed to playing a 
major role in the comeback of the on-premise channel.
Emissions 
Energy 
Water 
Waste
Materials
Supply chain transparency and traceability
Product quality
Food safety
Emissions
Energy
Suppliers-Qualification and evaluation with respect to 
environmental criteria
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
•  Consistent and intentional strategy on Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion that will sustain and enable 
continuous workplace improvement and business 
results.
Diversity, equal opportunities and inclusion
Remuneration policies
Human rights
Diversity, equal opportunities and inclusion
Remuneration policies
Human rights
Indirect economic impact on communities
Initiatives for the community
Activities of the Foundations
229228
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 CAMPARI GROUP AND THE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

Page 116:
APPENDIX
231230 CAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITYCAMPARI GROUP’S IDENTITY
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
INDEX >

Page 117:
INDEX >
Gri standard/ 
Other source
Disclosure Location Omission
Requirement(s) 
Omitted Reason Explanation
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 
2021
2-1 Organisational 
details
Note on methodology; chapter 
'Governance model'; Chapter 
'Campari Group worldwide'; 
‘Corporate Governance’ 
section of the Campari 
Group consolidated financial 
statements at 31 December 
2023 https:/ /camparigroup.
com/en; http:/ /www.
camparigroup.com/en/our-
group/worldwide-presence; 
https:/ /camparigroup.com/en/
page/group/governance
2-2 Entities included 
in the organisation’s 
sustainability reporting
Note on methodology; Annual 
report
2-3 Reporting period, 
frequency and contact 
point
Note on methodology
2-4 Restatements of 
information
Note on methodology
2-5 External assurance Note on methodology; 
independent auditor’s report
2-6 Activities, value 
chain and other 
business relationships
Chapters ' Macro-economic 
scenario and growth Strategy', 
'Our brands'; 'Campari Group’s 
identity and business overview' 
chapter of the Annual report; 
Sociogram; Annual report. The 
number of bottles produced 
by the Group in 2023 was 
about 1,014,434,000 bottles (of 
which 783,011,000 produced 
internally, while about 
231,423,000 by co-packers), for 
a total of 445,062,000 liters
2-7 Employees Chapter 'Our people'
2-8 Workers who are 
not employees
Chapter 'Our people'
Statement of use: Davide Campari has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period 1 
January 2023 - 31 December 2023
GRI 1 used: GRI 1: Foundation 2021
Applicable GRI Sector Standard(s): N/A: GRI Sector Satndard(s) for the food and beverage industry 
have not been published yet
GRI content  
index
2-9 Governance 
structure and 
composition
Chapter 'Governance model'; 
paragraph 'Sustainability 
governance and policies'; 
‘Corporate Governance’ 
section of the Campari 
Group consolidated financial 
statements at 31 December 
2023; https:/ /camparigroup.
com/en/page/group/
governance
2-10 Nomination and 
selection of the highest 
governance body
Chapter 'Governance model'; 
‘Corporate Governance’ 
section of the Campari 
Group consolidated financial 
statements at 31 December 2023
2-11 Chair of the 
highest governance 
body
Chapter 'Governance model'; 
‘Corporate Governance’ 
section of the Campari 
Group consolidated financial 
statements at 31 December 2023
2-12 Role of the 
highest governance 
body in overseeing 
the management of 
impacts
Chapter 'Governance model'; 
‘Corporate Governance’ 
section of the Campari 
Group consolidated financial 
statements at 31 December 2023
2-13 Delegation of 
responsibility for 
managing impacts
Chapter 'Governance model'; 
‘Corporate Governance’ 
section of the Campari 
Group consolidated financial 
statements at 31 December 2023
2-14 Role of the 
highest governance 
body in sustainability 
reporting
Chapter 'Governance model'; 
‘Corporate Governance’ 
section of the Campari 
Group consolidated financial 
statements at 31 December 2023
2-15 Conflicts of interest Chapter 'Governance model'
2-16 Communication of 
critical concerns
Paragraph 'Internal audit 
system'
2-17 Collective 
knowledge of the 
highest governance 
body
Chapter 'Governance model'
2-18 Evaluation of the 
performance of the 
highest governance 
body
Chapter 'Governance model'; 
Remuneration report of the 
Campari Group consolidated 
financial statements at 31 
December 2023
2-19 Remuneration 
policies
Chapters 'Governance model', 
'Our people'
2-20 Process 
to determine 
remuneration
Chapters 'Governance model', 
'Our people'
2-21 Annual total 
compensation ratio
Remuneration report of the 
Campari Group consolidated 
financial statements at 31 
December 2023
2-22 Statement 
on sustainable 
development strategy
Chairman’s letter ‘Building 
more value together’; CEO 
statement in the 'Campari 
Group identity' chapter
2-23 Policy 
commitments
Chapter ‘Sustainability 
governance and policies’
2-24 Embedding policy 
commitments
Chapter ‘Sustainability 
governance and policies’
233232
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

Page 118:
INDEX >
2-25 Processes to 
remediate negative 
impacts
Paragraph 'Internal audit 
system'
2-26 Mechanisms for 
seeking advice and 
raising concerns
Paragraph 'Internal audit 
system'
2-27 Compliance with 
laws and regulations
Chapter ‘Sustainability 
governance and policies’. In 
2023, in Russia, a new case 
regarding overcalculated 
customs cost of the importing 
goods has been opened by the 
Central Excice local Custom; the 
case is still pending
2-28 Membership 
associations
Paragraph 'Responsible 
consumption: communications 
and promotional initiatives' 
in the 'Responsible practices' 
chapter
2-29 Approach 
to stakeholder 
engagement
Chapter 'Our stakeholders' 
2-30 Collective 
bargaining agreements
Chapter 'Our people'
MATERIAL TOPICS
GRI 3: MateriaI 
Topics 2021
3-1 Process to 
determine material 
topics
Note on methodology; chapter 
'Materiality analysis'. For the 
preparation of the Sustainability 
Report, the Reporting 
Principles for defining report 
content and quality have been 
applied, as defined by the GRI 
Standards guidelines
3-2 List of material 
topics
Chapter 'Materiality analysis' 
ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Annual report; Chapter 
'Creating value for 
stakeholders'; Chapter 
'Materiality analysis'; https:/ /
camparigroup.com/en/page/
investors/results-centre
GRI 201: 
Economic 
Performance 
2016
201-1 Direct economic 
value generated and 
distributed
Chapter ‘Creating value for 
stakeholders’, Annual report
201-2 Financial 
implications and other 
risks and opportunities 
due to climate change
Chapter ‘Risk management’
MARKET PRESENCE
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph 'Remuneration 
system'
GRI 202: 
Market 
Presence 2016
202-1 Ratios of 
standard entry level 
wage by gender 
compared to local 
minimum wage
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph 'Remuneration 
system'; Employees & human 
rights policy, paragraph 6 
202-2 Proportion of 
senior management 
hired from the local 
community
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph ‘Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion’ 
PROCUREMENT PRACTICES
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter ‘Responsible sourcing’
GRI 204: 
Procurement 
Practices 2016
204-1 Proportion of 
spending on local 
suppliers
Chapter ‘Responsible sourcing’
ANTI-CORRUPTION
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Paragraph 'Risk management'; 
The organisational, 
management and control 
model (ex D.Lgs 231-01); ‘Risk 
management’ section of the 
Campari Group’s consolidated 
financial statements at 31 
December 2023
GRI 205: Anti-
corruption 
2016
205-1 Operations 
assessed for risks 
related to corruption
Paragraphs 'Risk management', 
‘Sustainability governance 
and policies’; https:/ /
camparigroup.com/en/page/
group/governance; https:/ /
camparigroup.com/sites/
default/files/Davide%20
Campari-Milano%20N.V.%20
-%20Modello%20231%20-%20
ENG.pdf
In 2021, 2022 and 2023, there 
were no reports of bribery and 
corruption incidents
ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Code of Ethics, ‘Risk 
management’ section of the 
Campari Group consolidated 
financial statements at 31 
December 2023
GRI 206: Anti-
competitive 
Behavior 2016
206-1 Legal actions 
for anti-competitive 
behaviour, anti-
trust, and monopoly 
practices
In Jamaica, an application was 
filed by the second largest 
bulk rum producer, National 
Rums of Jamaica (NRJ), versus 
Spirits Pool Association (SPA),  
the association of all major 
rum producers in Jamaica, of 
which J. Wray & Nephew (JWN) 
is a major shareholder and the 
largest producer of rum by 
volume, contesting the 2016 
Jamaica Rum Geographical 
Indication specifications. 
The application is currently 
pending as SPA and JWN 
opposed; the hearing was held 
on between September 25th-
27th, 2023 and we’re awaiting 
the Registrar's ruling
TAX
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Paragraph ‘Tax transparency’
GRI 207: Tax 
2019
207-1 Approach to tax Paragraph ‘Tax transparency’
207-2 Tax governance, 
control, and risk 
management
Paragraph ‘Tax transparency’
235234
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

Page 119:
INDEX >
207-3 Stakeholder 
engagement and 
management of 
concerns related to tax
Paragraph ‘Tax transparency’
207-4 Country-by-
country reporting
Paragraph ‘Tax transparency’
MATERIALS
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Materiality analysis'  
GRI 301: 
Materials 2016
301-2 Recycled input 
materials used
Chapter ‘Responsible 
practices’, paragraph 
‘Responsible sourcing’
Omission: partial co-
verage of information 
of recycled packaging 
materials (cardboard, 
glass and metal) due 
to incomplete availabi-
lity of supplier data
ENERGY
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
The Company tends to 
apply an integrated QHSE 
management system through 
a triple certification process 
with the ISO 22000 (food 
safety), OHSAS 18001 (health 
and safety at work) and ISO 
14001 (environment) voluntary 
standards. Performance 
improvement targets were 
also defined to ensure 
continuous process and activity 
development. Improvement 
projects to support these 
targets are implemented both 
locally and globally
GRI 302: 
Energy 2016
302-1 Energy 
consumption within 
the organization
Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Energy efficiency 
and decarbonisation’ 
302-3 Energy intensity Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Energy efficiency 
and decarbonisation’ 
302-4 Reduction of 
energy consumption
Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Energy efficiency 
and decarbonisation’ 
WATER AND EFFLUENTS
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
The Company tends to 
apply an integrated QHSE 
management system through 
a triple certification process 
with the ISO 22000 (food 
safety), OHSAS 18001 (health 
and safety at work) and ISO 
14001 (environment) voluntary 
standards. Performance 
improvement targets were 
also defined to ensure 
continuous process and activity 
development. Improvement 
projects to support these 
targets are implemented both 
locally and globally
303-1 Interactions with 
water as a shared 
resource
Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Water 
management’. Campari Group 
is aware that global water 
resources are decreasing and 
that through its production 
and distillation processes it 
contributes to water depletion. 
Even in non-arid regions, 
water scarcity can constrain 
economic growth. This is why 
the Group is committed to 
introducing new technologies 
that can reduce water 
consumption and improve 
water efficiency
303-2 Management 
of water discharge-
related impacts
Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Water 
management’
303-3 Water 
withdrawal
Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Water 
management’
303-4 Water discharge Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Water 
management’
303-5 Water 
consumption
Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Water 
management’. Total 
water usage from direct 
manufacturing operation in 
2023 was 8,343,728 (m3)
BIODIVERSITY
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
The Company tends to 
apply an integrated QHSE 
management system through 
a triple certification process 
with the ISO 22000 (food 
safety), OHSAS 18001 (health 
and safety at work) and ISO 
14001 (environment) voluntary 
standards. Performance 
improvement targets were 
also defined to ensure 
continuous process and activity 
development. Improvement 
projects to support these 
targets are implemented both 
locally and globally
237236
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

Page 120:
INDEX >
GRI 304: 
Biodiversity 
2016
304-3 Habitats 
protected or restored
As part of a 5-years 
Sustainability Plan, Campari-
Lallier is involved in several 
biodiversity projects. One of 
these projects concerns the 
afforestation of the area around 
the site, for a total of 4 hectares 
of land. The goal is to leave 
the land to itself and increase 
biodiversity in the area, while 
also creating a carbon sink 
to absorb emissions and 
get Campari involved in the 
process of locally mitigating 
the impact of climate change. 
Other projects that are currently 
work in progress concern water 
use and recycling, pest and 
weed management practices, 
fertilisation management and 
species introduction (bees).
In Italy, Campari Group is 
actively collaborating with 
Consorzio Asti in order to 
reach as many farm-holders 
as possible, acting as a leader 
and offering guidance for 
the large scale adoption of 
an environmental certification 
(Certificazione SQNPI). This 
certification requires the 
adoption of biodiversity-
related sustainable practices 
such as the maintenance 
for pesticides equipment, 
pest disease management 
and weed management. In 
Mexico, since 2019 Campari 
Group has engaged with local 
communities in a co-investment 
model aimed at supporting 
selected partenrs in developing 
initiatives focused on the 
environment and on improving 
biodiversity in the plantations 
of agave. Chapter ‘Community 
involvement’, paragraph 
‘Montelobos Mezcal and the 
Wolf Conservation Center’
EMISSION
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
The Company tends to 
apply an integrated QHSE 
management system through 
a triple certification process 
with the ISO 22000 (food 
safety), OHSAS 18001 (health 
and safety at work) and ISO 
14001 (environment) voluntary 
standards. Performance 
improvement targets were also 
defined to ensure continuous 
process and activity 
development. Improvement 
projects to support these 
targets are implemented both 
locally and globally
GRI 305: 
Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) 
GHG emissions
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph ‘Emissions'
305-2 Energy indirect 
(Scope 2) GHG 
emissions
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph ‘Emissions'
305-3 Other indirect 
(Scope 3) GHG 
emissions
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph ‘Emissions'
305-4 GHG emissions 
intensity
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph ‘Emissions'
305-5 Reduction of 
GHG emissions
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph ‘Emissions'
WASTE
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
The Company tends to 
apply an integrated QHSE 
management system through 
a triple certification process 
with the ISO 22000 (food 
safety), OHSAS 18001 (health 
and safety at work) and ISO 
14001 (environment) voluntary 
standards. Performance 
improvement targets were also 
defined to ensure continuous 
process and activity 
development. Improvement 
projects to support these 
targets are implemented both 
locally and globally
GRI 306: Waste 
2020
306-1 Waste 
generation and 
significant waste-
related impacts
Chapter ‘The environment’ 
paragraph ‘Waste 
management’. Campari Group 
takes into consideration the 
waste-related impacts deriving 
from its production activity 
and from the consumption of 
its products. Waste production 
implies the use of material 
and energy and the depletion 
of the Earth’s renewable and 
non-renewable resources. This 
is why the Group is committed 
to reducing total waste from 
its production sites, adopting 
a circular approach, and to 
raising consumer awareness of 
proper product disposal (i.e., 
https:/ /www.camparigroup.
info/)
306-2 Management 
of significant waste-
related impacts
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph 'Waste 
management' 
306-3 Waste 
generated
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph 'Waste 
management' 
306-4 Waste diverted 
from disposal
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph 'Waste 
management' 
306-5 Waste directed 
to disposal
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph 'Waste 
management' 
SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Responsible 
practices' paragraph 
'Responsible sourcing' 
239238
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

Page 121:
INDEX >
GRI 308: 
Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment 
2016
308-1 New suppliers 
that were screened 
using environmental 
criteria
Chapter 'Responsible practices' 
paragraph 'Responsible 
sourcing'. In 2017, the pre-
assessment procedure for 
new suppliers (both Product 
Related and Non-Product 
Related) was formalised. From 
2018, membership of Sedex is 
one of the pre-requisites for 
qualifying as a Campari Group 
supplier. This platform makes 
it possible to assess suppliers 
on environmental issues (i.e.: 
waste, raw materials, water, 
pollution, emissions, renewable 
and non-renewable energy, 
biodiversity, environmental 
impact)
308-2 Negative 
environmental impacts 
in the supply chain 
and actions taken
Chapter 'The environment' 
paragraph 'Emissions' 
EMPLOYMENT
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph 'Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion'
GRI 401: 
Employment 
2016
401-1 New employee 
hires and employee 
turnover
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph 'Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion'
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
The Company tends to 
apply an integrated QHSE 
management system through 
a triple certification process 
with the ISO 22000 (food 
safety), OHSAS 18001 (health 
and safety at work) and ISO 
14001 (environment) voluntary 
standards. Performance 
improvement targets were also 
defined to ensure continuous 
process and activity 
development. Improvement 
projects to support these 
targets are implemented both 
locally and globally
GRI 403: 
Occupational 
Health and 
Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational 
health and safety 
management system
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph ‘Certifications’, 
chapter ‘Risk management’, 
The organisational, 
management and control 
model (ex D.Lgs 231-01)
403-2 Hazard 
identification, risk 
assessment, and 
incident investigation
Chapter 'Our people' 
paragraph 'Health and safety-
HSE committees'. All the 
workers in production units 
are represented by the HSE 
committees
403-4 Worker 
participation, 
consultation, and 
communication on 
occupational health 
and safety
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph ‘Health and safety 
in the workplace’
403-5 Worker training 
on occupational 
health and safety
Chapter ‘Our people’, 
paragraph ‘Camparistas’ 
involvement with the 
environment, well-being and 
social activities’
403-6 Promotion of 
worker health
Chapter ‘Our people’, 
paragraph ‘Health and safety 
in the workplace’
403-7 Prevention 
and mitigation of 
occupational health 
and safety impacts 
directly linked by 
business relationships
Occupational health and 
safety management system 
apply to all employees, 
contractors and visitors
403-8 Workers 
covered by an 
occupational 
health and safety 
management system
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph ‘Health and safety 
in the workplace’
403-9 Work-related 
injuries
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph ‘Health and safety 
in the workplace’
TRAINING AND EDUCATION
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph ‘Learning and 
professional development in 
the workplace' 
GRI 404: 
Training and 
Education 2016
404-1 Average hours 
of training per year 
per employee
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph 'Learning and 
professional development in 
the workplace'
404-3 Percentage of 
employees receiving 
regular performance 
and career 
development reviews
All employees receive regular 
performance and career 
development reviews
DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph 'Diversity and 
inclusion in the workplace' 
GRI 405: 
Diversity 
and Equal 
Opportunity 
2016
405-1 Diversity of 
governance bodies 
and employees
Chapter 'Governance 
model', paragraphs 'Board 
of Directors'; chapter 'Our 
people', paragraph 'Diversity, 
Equity and inclusion '. 
Reported data refer to 
employees with permanent 
contracts
405-2 Ratio of 
basic salary and 
remuneration of 
women to men
Chapter 'Our people', 
paragraph 'Remuneration 
system'
241240
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

Page 122:
INDEX >
NON-DISCRIMINATION
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Campari Group supports 
the United Nations Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour 
Organisation’s Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work. The Group 
assures legal compliance to 
national legislations relating 
to human rights in those 
countries where we operate. In 
case of differences between 
the content of our policies 
and national regulations, the 
Group always apply the most 
stringent requirements
GRI 406: Non-
discrimination 
2016
406-1 Incidents of 
discrimination and 
corrective actions 
taken
In 2023, there were no reports 
of discrimination incidents
FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Campari Group supports 
the United Nations Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour 
Organisation’s Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work. The Group 
assures legal compliance to 
national legislations relating 
to human rights in those 
countries where we operate. In 
case of differences between 
the content of our policies 
and national regulations, the 
Group always apply the most 
stringent requirements
GRI 407: 
Freedom of 
Association 
and Collective 
Bargaining 
2016
407-1 Operations and 
suppliers in which 
the right to freedom 
of association and 
collective bargaining 
may be at risk
We declare that there are 
no real risks of breaches of 
collective association rights 
vis-a-vis the operations of the 
Group and its main suppliers 
in all its geographical regions, 
partly due to the measures 
implemented to minimise 
this risk (i.e., Code of Ethics, 
Employees and human rights 
policy, Supplier Code); https:/ /
camparigroup.com/en/page/
group/governance
CHILD LABOR
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Campari Group supports 
the United Nations Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour 
Organisation’s Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work. The Group 
assures legal compliance to 
national legislations relating 
to human rights in those 
countries where it operates. In 
case of differences between 
the content of our policies 
and national regulations, the 
Group always applies the 
most stringent requirements
GRI 408: Child 
Labor 2016
408-1 Operations and 
suppliers at significant 
risk for incidents of 
child labor
We declare that there are no 
real risks for incidents of child 
labour vis-a-vis the operations 
of the Group and its main 
suppliers in all its geographical 
regions, partly due to the 
measures implemented to 
minimise this risk (i.e., Code of 
Ethics, Employees and human 
rights policy, Supplier Code). 
Furthermore, Campari Group 
does not employ underage 
workers; https:/ /camparigroup.
com/en/page/group/
governance
FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Campari Group supports 
the United Nations Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour 
Organisation’s Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work. The Group 
assures legal compliance to 
national legislations relating 
to human rights in those 
countries where it operates. In 
case of differences between 
the content of our policies 
and national regulations, the 
Group always applies the 
most stringent requirements
GRI 409: 
Forced or 
Compulsory 
Labor 2016
409-1 Operations and 
suppliers at significant 
risk for incidents of 
forced or compulsory 
labor
We declare that there are 
no real risks for incidents of 
forced or compulsory labour 
vis-a-vis the operations of the 
Group and its main suppliers 
in all its geographical regions, 
partly due to the measures 
implemented to minimise 
this risk (i.e., Code of Ethics, 
Employees and human 
rights policy, Supplier Code). 
Furthermore, Campari Group 
does not employ underage 
workers; https:/ /camparigroup.
com/en/page/group/
governance
SECURITY PRACTICES
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Campari Group supports 
the United Nations Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour 
Organisation’s Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work. The Group 
assures legal compliance to 
national legislations relating 
to human rights in those 
countries where it operates. In 
case of differences between 
the content of our policies 
and national regulations, the 
Group always applies the 
most stringent requirements
243242
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

Page 123:
INDEX >
GRI 410: 
Security 
Practices 2016
410-1 Security 
personnel trained in 
human rights policies 
or procedures
The Campari Group's 
'Employees and Human Rights 
Policy' is available through the 
Group's internal portal and 
has been communicated to 
all Camparistas. Mandatory 
training on the Code of Ethics 
content has been delivered 
and is assigned to every ney 
joiner
LOCAL COMMUNITIES
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Employees and human rights 
policy, paragraph 9. Chapter 
‘Community Involvement'
GRI 413: Local 
Communities 
2016
413-1 Operations 
with local community 
engagement, 
impact assessments, 
and development 
programs
Chapters 'The Foundations' 
and 'Community Involvement' 
SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Responsible 
practices' paragraph 
'Responsible sourcing' 
GRI 414: 
Supplier Social 
Assessment 
2016
414-1 New suppliers 
that were screened 
using social criteria
Chapter 'Responsible practices' 
paragraph 'Responsible 
sourcing'. In 2017, the pre-
assessment procedure for 
new suppliers (both Product 
Related and Non-Product 
Related) was formalised. From 
2018, membership of Sedex is 
one of the pre-requisites for 
qualifying as a Campari Group 
supplier. This platform makes 
it possible to assess suppliers 
on social issues (i.e., non-
discrimination, child labour, 
forced or compulsory labour, 
working hours, wages, freedom 
of association and collective 
bargaining, complaint 
mechanisms, information about 
suppliers sourcing)
CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
The Company tends to 
apply an integrated QHSE 
management system through 
a triple certification process 
with the ISO 22000 (food 
safety), OHSAS 18001 (health 
and safety at work) and 
ISO 14001 (environment) 
voluntary standards. 
Performance improvement 
targets were also defined to 
ensure continuous process 
and activity development. 
Improvement projects to 
support these targets are 
implemented both locally and 
globally
GRI 416: 
Customer 
Health and 
Safety 2016
416-1 Assessment 
of the health and 
safety impacts of 
product and service 
categories
Chapter 'Responsible 
practices’, paragraph non-
compliance
416-2 Incidents of 
non-compliance 
concerning the health 
and safety impacts of 
products and services
In 2021, 2022 and 2023, no 
incidents of non-compliance 
concerning the health and 
safety impacts of products 
and services occurred
MARKETING AND LABELING
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Responsible 
practices', paragraph 
'Responsible communication' 
GRI 417: 
Marketing and 
Labeling 2016
417-1 Requirements for 
product and service 
information and 
labeling
All products are labelled in 
compliance with applicable 
legislation and produced 
according to the Group's 
quality standards. Responsible 
messages (e.g., pregnancy 
logo, drink responsibly) are 
reported on a voluntary 
basis. Paragraph 'Information 
to concumers', chapter 
'Responsible practices'
417-2 Incidents of non-
compliance concerning 
product and service 
information and 
labeling
Chapter 'Responsible 
practices', paragraph ‘Quality 
and food safety of brands’ 
417-3 Incidents of 
non-compliance 
concerning marketing 
communications
In 2023 there were no incidents 
of non-compliance concerning 
marketing communications
CUSTOMER PRIVACY
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapter 'Risk management', 
paragraph 'Main risks for the 
Group-Cyber-security risks'
GRI 418: 
Customer 
Privacy 2016
418-1 Substantiated 
complaints concerning 
breaches of customer 
privacy and losses of 
customer data
In 2023 no breaches of 
customer privacy nor losses of 
customer data occurred
Non gri 
aspects
Disclosure Location Omission
Requirement(s) 
omitted
Reason Explanation
PROTECTION OF QUALITY PRODUCTS AND CULTURAL HERITAGE
GRI3 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Chapters ‘Materiality analysis’, 
‘Our brands’
CUSTOMER AND CONSUMER SATISFACTION
GRI3 3-3 Management of 
material topics Chapter 'Materiality analysis'
CPM Complaints 
received per million 
bottles produced
Chapter 'Responsible 
practices', paragraph ‘Quality 
and food safety of brands’
245244
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

Page 124:
INDEX >
Independent 
auditor’s report
247246
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

Page 125:
INDEX >
249248
CAMPARI GROUPCAMPARI GROUP  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 APPENDIX

