Page 1:
Sustainability 
Report 2022

Page 2:
2
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
T able of 
contents
A message from our CEO .................................................................................................. 3
About this report  ............................................................................................................... 4
W
e’re Elastic  ............................................................................................................
........5
Our source code ........................................................................................................... 6
A
ctivity metrics  ............................................................................................................ 7
En
vironment  ............................................................................................................
........9
Environmental policy & management approach  ......................................................10
Emissions metrics  .......................................................................................................12
Understanding Elastic's carbon impact  ....................................................................17
En
vironmental efforts  .................................................................................................18
Social  ............................................................................................................................. 24
Human capital management  .................................................................................... 25
Div
ersity ,  equity & inclusion  ....................................................................................... 33
W
orkforce diversity metrics  ...................................................................................... 39
Elastic Cares  .............................................................................................................. 43
Go
vernance  ............................................................................................................
...... 47
ESG oversight  ............................................................................................................ 48
Business e
thics  .......................................................................................................... 49
D
ata privacy & security  ..............................................................................................51
Corpor
ate governance ..............................................................................................  54
P
roduct societal impact  ............................................................................................... 55
F
ramework index  .......................................................................................................... 58
F
orward-looking statements  ..................................................................................... 70


Page 3:
A message from our CEO
We are thrilled to present our 2022 Sustainability Report, 
highlighting Elastic's ongoing commitment to environmental, social, 
and governance (ESG) initiatives and our iterative approach to 
addressing the most pressing challenges affecting our world today. 
Elastic's core mission is to enable everyone to find the answers 
that matter, from all data, in real-time, and at scale. This guiding 
principle not only shapes our products and services but also 
influences our sustainability efforts. We understand that harnessing 
the power of data is essential for driving meaningful change and 
making informed decisions.
At Elastic, we are working to create a more just and sustainable 
future for all, even though the journey is not linear, nor is the 
destination static. We firmly believe in the power of our Source 
Code to advocate for a more just society and low-carbon future.
As a company, we recognize the interconnected nature of societal 
challenges and embrace a humble yet ambitious mindset to tackle 
them head-on. Our customer-centric approach ensures that we 
understand and share our customers' aspirations for a sustainable 
future, allowing us to be a partner that accelerates  
their commitments.
Being distributed by design is at the core of our operations, 
enriching our company with diverse languages, perspectives, 
and cultures. This not only enhances our functionality but also 
empowers Elasticians to work flexibly, improving productivity 
and overall well-being. We understand that the well-being of our 
employees directly contributes to the sustainability of our business, 
and we have nurtured this intentionally since our founding.
2022 was a pivotal year for our business as we continued to 
develop and iterate upon our sustainability strategy. We formalized 
existing programs and invested in ESG initiatives — and new 
roles — which have helped to bring together a team with unique 
expertise, further developing our sustainability, DEI, and governance 
strategies to amplify our positive impact. 
Here’s a glimpse at the progress we made:  
• Environmental: We took an important step on our ESG journey to 
define what environmental sustainability means to our company. 
We conducted a comprehensive inventory of our environmental 
impacts, calculating our greenhouse gas emissions for the first 
time and identifying areas for improvement. Our business model 
inherently incorporates efficiencies that enable responsible 
growth, decoupled from carbon, a trend we aim to maintain as  
we scale.
• Social: In 2022, the world faced the aftermath of the pandemic, a 
war in Ukraine, and a global economic slowdown, amongst many 
other social, political, and environmental challenges. Throughout 
it all, I’m proud of the passion and determination of our team to 
support marginalized communities. This ethos is part of Elastic’s 
Source Code “Come as YOU are” and reflects how we encourage 
and enable employees to be their true selves as we work 
together to build and sell great products. We extend this part of 
our Source Code to our customers and partners to contribute to a 
stronger ecosystem.  
 
This year, we established the 2% Workforce Diversity Goal to 
increase gender and racial/ethnic diversity within our company. 
Additionally, our commitment to giving back is exemplified 
through initiatives such as our 2:1 Giving Tuesday donation 
matching program that supports causes across the globe, as well 
as our response to critical events like the Ukraine crisis, for which 
we raised US$216,565.
• Governance: We have made significant progress in formalizing 
and expanding our ESG oversight structures and practices. Our 
board of directors and management team actively oversee our 
sustainability and ESG activities, ensuring accountability and 
strategic direction.
Looking ahead, we are energized by our discoveries and remain 
committed to embedding a sustainability mindset into all aspects 
of our business. We understand that this integration takes time and 
thoughtful consideration, but we are proud of our achievements 
in areas such as pay equity and responsible AI, and we eagerly 
anticipate sharing more in our future ESG updates.
As we move forward, we will continuously refine and revamp our 
strategy as we learn what works. The values and goals outlined 
in this report serve as our guiding principles, driving us to build a 
better future for our people, customers, and communities.
Thank you for your continued support as we work together to 
create lasting positive change.
Ash Kulkarni
CEO


Page 4:
4
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
About this report 
In this report, you’ll find an overview of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) 
highlights at Elastic. We review our progress against the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) standards for the Software and IT Services industry. We also 
align with select United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) and the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This document provides 
Elastic’s ESG data for the period January 1, 2022, through December 31, 2022, unless 
otherwise noted. References to fiscal year (FY) indicate that associated data is for 
the 12-month period ended April 30 of that year; for example, fiscal year 2022 (FY22) 
refers to the period May 1, 2021, to April 30, 2022.

Page 5:
5
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
We're Elastic
We're Elastic 
Elastic is a data platform company built on the power of search. We help organizations 
improve operational resilience, mitigate security risk, and enhance user experiences by 
putting data to work in real time. We help you find what you need faster — whether it’s a 
document or an indicator of compromise. We keep mission-critical applications running 
smoothly while protecting against cyber threats and improving user experiences. 
Customers can easily deploy Elastic wherever data lives, in their favorite public cloud, or 
across multiple clouds, and extend the value of Elastic to achieve new levels of success 
at scale and on a single platform. 
Companies like Uber, Slack, Microsoft, and thousands of others rely on Elastic 
Enterprise Search, Observability, and Security solutions to advance their business  
and accelerate results that matter.
5

Page 6:
6
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
We're Elastic
6
Our  
Source Code
We’re a distributed company built 
on a heritage of open source.  
We value our employees for the 
whole humans they are and honor 
their contributions by following  
our Source Code:
Customer,  1st
Our customers and our community 
are at the heart of everything we do. 
In our actions. In our products.  
And in the experiences that we 
create for them.
Our passion for our users translates 
into their passion for Elastic.
  
Home,  Dinner 
There is no such thing as work-life 
balance. We are successful if we 
find balance in life. Elastic empowers 
you with the flexibility to do so. Be 
home for dinner, go for a run midday, 
care for a sick child, or visit a parent. 
Finding balance means being more 
innovative and efficient at work. 
Which makes for a better Elastic. 
Space,  Time
It’s easy to get stuck in a day-to-day 
work pattern. Allowing for the space 
and time to dream requires conscious 
effort. Embracing a high failure rate 
does, too. Fulfillment comes from 
doing the obvious and dreaming up 
the un-obvious. Both are foundations 
of Elastic.
IT ,  Depends
It’s pretty complicated to make 
some things simple, and even more 
complicated to make other things 
possible. We embrace and value 
the knowledge required to do both. 
When a question is asked, buckle up. 
Sh*t is about to get real. Your journey 
will likely start with “it depends.”
Progress,  SIMPLE 
Perfection
Perfection is not a destination. Color 
inside the lines or color outside the 
lines. Just pick a color. It’s as simple 
as 2048. An Elastic that moves is 
an Elastic that survives, thrives, and 
stands the test of time.
01.02, /FORMAT
Our products are distributed 
by design, and our company is 
distributed by intention. With many 
languages, perspectives, and 
cultures, it’s easy to lose something 
in translation. Over email and chat, 
doubly so. Until we get a perpetual 
empathy machine, don’t assume 
malice. A distributed Elastic makes 
for a diverse Elastic, which makes for 
a better Elastic.
As YOU,  Are
We all come in different shapes with 
different interests and skills. We all 
have an accent. Celebrate it. Just 
come as you are. No need to invest 
neurons trying to fit an arbitrary 
mold. We’d rather you put them to 
work shaping Elastic.
HUMBLE,  Ambitious
Ambition drives us to challenge 
ourselves and the people around us 
to do better. It is not an excuse to be 
an asshole. Be humble. Be ambitious. 
At Elastic, we are both.
Speed,  Scale,  
Relevance
Elastic is a search company. We 
focus on value to users by producing 
fast results that operate at scale and 
are relevant. This is our DNA. We 
believe search is an experience. It is 
what defines us, binds us, and makes 
us unique.

Page 7:
7
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
We're Elastic
7
Metric FY21 FY22 FY23
Revenue ($MM) 608.5 862.4 1,069
Full-time employees 2,179 2,978 2,886
Customers 15,000+ 18,600+ ~20,200
Revenue ($MM) Full-time employees Customers
Activity metrics
These metrics quantify our size, scope, and key business activities.
200
FY21 FY22 FY23 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY21 FY22 FY23
400
600
800
1000
1200
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
3000
4000
8000
12000
16000
20000

Page 8:
8
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
We're Elastic
8
Sustainability at Elastic
Sustainability at Elastic goes beyond ESG disclosures. It reflects 
the essence of our Source Code and helps drive us forward. 
It unlocks our ambition and pinpoints opportunities that drive 
operational efficiency, innovation, long-term resilience, and 
employee engagement. These initiatives work to empower us, 
and we believe they help empower our customers. As part of 
being a responsible, forward-thinking member of the global 
community, our sustainability strategy guides our commitment 
to operating ethically, minimizing our environmental impact, and 
helping to address societal challenges. 
We are focused on purposeful iteration of our sustainability 
strategy and the opportunities presented at every growth 
phase, product release, and company initiative in the face of 
societal, environmental, and macroeconomic challenges. In 
this Sustainability Report, we also highlight how we can help 
our customers increase their own efficiency and contribute to 
a low-carbon future by providing a unified data platform that 
helps organizations improve operational resilience, mitigate 
security risk, and enhance user experiences by putting their 
data to work in real time  —  while minimizing resource usage.
Our strategy & ambition
2022 was a pivotal year for Elastic on our journey to define 
sustainability at the company. We formalized existing programs 
and values that were already deeply connected to our Source 
Code and conducted a thorough inventory of our company’s 
environmental and societal impacts. We understand that 
embedding a sustainability mindset into core areas of the 
business requires time and thorough planning, so we are 
ensuring no corners are being cut as we continuously refine  
our strategy. 
Our first attempt at calculating our greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions was enlightening and ambitious. It included several 
indirect ‘Scope 3’ categories that help shine a light on where 
our biggest reduction opportunities are. These insights are 
invaluable to gaining a deeper understanding of the climate-
related risks and opportunities associated with our business.
We are excited by what we’ve discovered and where we’re 
headed. As we look ahead, we are committed to deepening 
the integration of sustainability into our corporate strategy, as 
the values and goals outlined here guide us in building a better 
future for our people, customers, and company.
2022 was a pivotal year 
for Elastic on our journey 
to define sustainability  
at the company.

Page 9:
9
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
9
Environment
2022 continued the planet’s long-term warming trend, resulting in an array of predicted climate consequences. 
From stronger hurricanes and intensifying forest fires, to droughts and rising sea levels, people across the globe 
are living with the effects of a rapidly changing climate. Failure to limit a rise in global temperatures to 1.5 degrees 
Celsius, in line with the Paris Agreement, will result in risks to human health and security and enormous costs.  
At Elastic, we recognize the urgent need to decrease carbon emissions. We believe that innovation in software  
has the power to transition parts of the physical economy into the virtual, reducing natural resource usage.  
We must strive to do more with less. 
We believe that our products can help enable this transition. Customers can use our 
technology in efficient cloud environments, while our business can deliver services at scale, 
leveraging additional carbon efficiencies from our distributed-by-nature workplace design.
While our direct environmental impacts are relatively low, we are focused on minimizing 
greenhouse gas emissions in order to do our part to help ensure a more stable and secure 
future. We’re thinking beyond our own "four walls" and addressing the largest sources 
of impact within our supply chain. We have the opportunity to partner with like-minded 
companies to help deliver low-carbon product solutions. We’ll utilize our data expertise  
to help measure and manage this endeavor.

Page 10:
10
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
10
Environmental policy & 
management approach
We are guided by our commitment to sustainable practices, 
which continue to evolve. Elastic’s sustainable operations 
include an open reporting culture and an agile response to 
environmental impacts. We collaborate with specialists in 
the field to provide gap analyses on where we stand among 
international environmental sustainability standards and to help 
us outline and implement our strategy. Our Environmental Policy 
enshrines this commitment into the way we operate and covers 
roles and governance of environmental matters at Elastic, like 
energy, travel, supply chain sustainability, and more. We will 
also be disclosing climate data and strategy information for the 
2022 reporting cycle to CDP, a not-for-profit charity that runs 
the global disclosure system for organizations to manage their 
environmental impacts.
Leading the implementation of environmental policies and 
practices at Elastic is our Environmental Vertical Team, a 
subcommittee within our larger ESG Working Group. This 
team spans several key business areas, including sourcing 
and procurement, employee engagement and development, 
data analytics, engineering, and workplaces. The team meets 
every two weeks and collaborates to advance environmental 
sustainability initiatives across the organization. 
Since the founding of our company, we have been dedicated 
to flexible working, with a high percentage of distributed 
employees. New construction and leases are developed in 
line with our minimum standard of design and construction 
sustainability. We are working to lessen our environmental 
impact through initiatives that include minimizing unnecessary 
space, using recycled consumables, eliminating plastic bottles, 
and implementing recycling and composting programs.
We are striving for WELL building accreditation for our future 
offices, which requires that we use products that meet health 
and sustainability criteria. We also analyze our procurement 
engagements to ensure that we are partnering with like-minded 
companies who prioritize these important aspects. With the 
right approach to environmental management, we know we can 
have a tangible impact on our people, our company, and  
our planet.


Page 11:
11
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
11
Climate change
In 2022, Elastic formally measured its greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, including Scope 1, Scope 2, and significant 
categories of Scope 3 emissions. We are proud to have 
undertaken this exercise to begin disclosing this data annually 
and establish baselines to drive our decarbonization strategy. 
In line with this, we recently formalized our commitment to 
establish GHG reduction targets in line with climate science with 
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), the leading authority 
on rigorous and meaningful climate targets.


Page 12:
12
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
12
FY2020 FY2021 FY2022
Scope 1 89 110 122
Scope 2 
(Location-based) 320 237 258
Scope 2 
(Market-based) 323 248 298
Scope 3 18,919 21,148 28,210
Total emissions  
(Location-based) 19,328 21,495 28,590
Absolute greenhouse 
gas emissions  
by scope (tCO2e)

Page 13:
13
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
13
Scope 3 categories FY2020 FY2021 FY2022
Category 1 
(Purchased goods and services) 13,300 18,100 23,800
Category 2 
(Capital goods) 994 1,210 1,360
Category 3 
(Fuel- and energy-related emissions)37 34 43
Category 4 
(Upstream transportation & distribution)0 0 0
Category 5 
(Waste generated in operations) 2 2 2
Category 6 
(Business travel) 3,054 35 615
Category 7 
(Home working & commuting) 1,490 1,720 2,150
Category 8 
(Upstream leased assets) 42 47 144
Category 13 
(Downstream leased assets) 0 0 96
Scope 3 total 18,919 21,148 28,210
Greenhouse gas 
emissions scope 3  
breakdown (tCO2e)
Scope 3 category 4 (upstream transportation and distribution) 
emissions are currently calculated as part of Category 1  
(purchased goods and services).
See Appendix for more detail on our greenhouse gas  
emissions inventory.

Page 14:
14
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
14
Greenhouse gas  
emissions intensity
FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 FY2022  vs.   FY2020 (%)
GHG intensity (revenue) 
Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 location-based metric tons CO2e per $MM revenue 0.96 0.57 0.44 -54%
GHG intensity (full-time employees) 
Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 location-based metric tons CO2e per full-time employee 0.21 0.16 0.13 -40%
Intensity denominators FY2020 FY2021 FY2022
Revenue ($MM) 427.6 608.5 862.4
Full-time employees 1,936 2,179 2,978

Page 15:
15
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
15
0.57
0.44
0.96
FY 21 FY 22FY 20
YoY emissions intensity  Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 location-based metric tons CO2e per $MM revenue
Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (revenue)
Intensity denominator FY2020 FY2021 FY2022
Revenue ($MM) 427.6 608.5 862.4
54%
reduction from   FY2020–2022

Page 16:
16
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
16
Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (employees)
YoY emissions intensity  Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 location-based metric tons CO2e per full-time employee
Intensity denominator FY2020 FY2021 FY2022
Full-time employees 1,936 2,179 2,978
40%
reduction from   FY2020–2022
FY 21 FY 22FY 20
0.21
0.16
0.13

Page 17:
17
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
17
Understanding Elastic's 
carbon impact
Elastic’s GHG emissions have increased during the past three 
years, and indirect Scope 3 emissions account for over 95% 
of our total impact. This change is largely due to significant 
increases in supplier spend that is accounted for within  
Scope 3, Category 1: Purchased Goods and Services. 
Even with increases in both headcount and revenue, Elastic 
has decoupled its emissions from company growth, signaling a 
positive trend in carbon efficiency. Elastic’s business strategy 
provides relatively low-carbon advantages when compared to 
industry peers. For example:
• Our distributed-b
y-design workforce can have significantly 
lower carbon impacts when compared against emissions from 
commuting and large office footprints. 
• Our cloud-first approach le
verages some of the most efficient 
data hosting available, from the leading hyperscalers.
Despite Elastic’s relative operational efficiency, calculating our 
carbon footprint has been invaluable and has informed our 
climate strategy by highlighting opportunities for improvements 
and where we need to direct our focus. Crucially, this baselining 
work provides the insight needed to formulate a GHG reduction 
goal that meets the standards of the SBTi criteria and aligns 
with our climate ambitions.


Page 18:
18
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
18
Engaging on 
environment
At Elastic, we remain committed to reducing our operational 
environmental impacts — informed by the measurement of our 
GHG emissions — and we understand that our ability to do so 
meaningfully relies on engaging key stakeholders including our 
office locations and landlords, employees, and supply chain 
partners. By remaining steadfast in our pursuit of operational 
efficiency, we can encourage the transition to a low-carbon 
business model, value chain, and economy. Here’s how we 
approached these efforts in 2022.
Sustainable workplaces
As a company that’s distributed by design, Elastic yields a 
relatively low office energy use footprint compared to other 
companies. Our in-office people-to-desk ratio is 3:1, which 
results in a reduction in employee commuting and a minimization 
of office complex energy usage, water consumption,  
and waste generation. 

Page 19:
19
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
19
FY2020 FY2021 FY2022
Total Scope 2 electricity use (kWh) 1,123,768 884,428 1,011,602
Energy intensity 
Total electricity use per $MM revenue 2,628 1,453 1,173
Energy intensity 
Total electricity use per full-time employee 580 406 340
T otal electricity useEnergy management in offices
Our workplace team runs several initiatives 
to positively impact our environmental 
efforts on a daily basis including:
Efficient lighting
Where possible, we specify the use of 
passive infrared sensors to automatically 
turn lights off when office spaces are not in 
use. These specifications are documented in 
our design guidelines, which also cover the 
use of LED lights and energy-efficient audio 
visual and video conference hardware.
Preferring environmental accreditations
Our search and selection process for finding 
new office space now includes an environment 
and sustainability element. We prioritize 
buildings with a relevant local accreditation 
like BREEAM, LEED, WELL, and others.
Measuring and monitoring
In 2022, we measured our global workplaces 
energy consumption as a component of 
developing our GHG emissions inventory.

Page 20:
20
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
20
FY2020 FY2021 FY2022
Denmark 3,368 2,815 3,921
Netherlands 80,213 80,124 83,129
UK 68,946 49,213 74,173
USA 971,241 752,276 850,379
Total electricity (kWh) 1,123,768 884,428 1,011,602
Electricity use  
by location (kWh)
Excludes Australia due to unavailability of historical data.

Page 21:
21
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
21
FY22 energy use  
by location (kWh)
850.4K
74K
83K
23.8K
8.38%
reduction in total electricity  
from 2020–2022
Excludes Australia due to unavailability of historical data.

Page 22:
22
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
22
Waste management 
in offices Removal of single-use plastic water bottles and utensils
We provide staff and visitors with glasses, reusable bottles, or 
recycled/biodegradable cups and offer filtered tap water.  
We do not allow plastic utensils but use reusable products  
or non-plastic disposables. 
Packaging reduction 
We request that all vendors reduce packaging used and  
collect and return packaging that can’t be recycled. 
In-office recycling 
We provide split recycling or recycling through waste  
handling services at the majority of our offices. 
Bio-waste reduction 
Our free lunch services are based on individual orders  
placed no more than 24 hours in advance, ensuring that  
food waste is kept to a minimum.
Water management in offices
Most restroom facilities are equipped with dual-volume  
flush systems to reduce wastewater generation. 
The majority of our restrooms are equipped with  
sensor-activated fixtures, minimizing the total  
amount of water consumed.


Page 23:
23
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Environment
23
Sustainable  
employee behaviors
While our distributed-by-design strategy enables us to operate 
with relative carbon efficiency, we recognize that there will 
always be improvements that can be made. GHG emissions from 
work-from-home (WFH) activities, employee commuting, and 
business travel are important streams of our Scope 3 emissions 
for us to manage. We want to support our employees to be more 
carbon-efficient in the work they do for Elastic.
We have embarked on an employee engagement campaign, 
specifically to address the carbon impacts from home working. 
Partnering with our Learning & Organizational Development 
team, we will provide employees with the tools they need to 
address major impact areas, such as energy efficiency and 
options for renewable utility tariffs, as well as transportation, 
technology, and waste reduction. We know that measuring 
progress will be a challenge, but one that Elasticians can meet 
and that we are committed to supporting.
Sustainable  
supplier engagement
For companies in our industry, the greatest environmental 
impact occurs within the supply chain. For us, as identified in 
our Scope 3 emissions inventory, the bulk of our emissions is 
derived from our spend for purchased goods and services. As 
a cloud-based company, this includes our compute and data 
hosting activities with our cloud service providers. A large 
portion of our total vendor spend is with three large cloud 
service providers: AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. As 
Elastic scales, we will continue to consolidate our total vendor 
spend with these partners. 
We believe, and many studies confirm, that cloud-based 
computing is the most carbon-efficient operating model. Each 
of these three providers has sustainability-related commitments 
for each of their platforms, which enable users like us to 
operate with increased carbon efficiency. For example, AWS’s 
public statements disclose that it has a target to power its 
data centers using 100% renewable energy by 2025, which, in 
turn, will reduce AWS's carbon footprint by 88% compared to 
using consumed electricity. Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud 
have very similar initiatives in place, which not only incorporate 
renewable energy and greenhouse gas emissions reduction 
targets but also include objectives related to water, waste, and 
preventing deforestation.
A cornerstone of our carbon reduction strategy will be around 
supplier engagement and ensuring that our major partners 
share in our aspirations for a low-carbon future. We have begun 
analyzing our procurement impact, leveraging spend data and 
public commitments that align with our supply chain strategy. 
See the Supply Chain Responsibility section of this report for 
more information.

Page 24:
24
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Social
24
Social 
At Elastic, the power of infinite possibility is found in the talent and diversity 
of our people. As a distributed company, Elastic employs people around 
the globe. We focus on recruiting top, diverse talent and then engaging, 
supporting, developing, and retaining them with a flexible, supportive, and 
inclusive workplace that offers fair and consistent pay practices. We also 
prioritize community engagement, primarily through our Elastic Cares program.

Page 25:
25
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
25
T alent
At Elastic, we are continually evolving and growing our  
end-to-end talent processes, working toward a holistic 
approach across the business. This work spans many teams 
who work together to achieve a high-caliber globally distributed 
workforce. We celebrate diversity, foster inclusion, allow every 
Elastician to perform their very best, and secure our talent 
pipeline for the future. 
Our latest development in this space, due to launch in early 
FY24, is the introduction of an Elastician Success Model that 
will underpin our talent programs and processes. Known as The 
Beehive, it is a memorable, comprehensive description of the 
behaviors that will lead to success at Elastic, no matter your 
role or level. The Flipped Beehive describes the behaviors that 
all people leaders need to demonstrate to enable their team 
members to be successful. Taken together, the overall Beehive 
framework provides a consistent language and reference point 
for all talent activity, gives Elasticians clear expectations for 
behavior and performance, and allows a fair approach to  
talent management.
Elastic is known for ingesting and making sense  
of huge amounts of data. Successful Elasticians do 
this too: using data and expertise to spot patterns, 
solve problems, and anticipate setbacks.
Thriving Elasticians have 
two things in common: 
continuously learning with 
purpose, and practicing 
healthy habits for wellbeing.
If being smart is about thinking, being bold 
is about doing. Elastic will achieve success 
if we are decisive and fearless, and we 
pursue our goals with determination.
As a distributed company, great communication is vital 
to allow us to align and collaborate. This means we each 
flex our approaches to meet others where they’re at.
Being kind is not a  
nice-to-have. When we 
each feel accepted, even 
celebrated, for who we are, 
and we have diverse voices in 
our teams, we do better work.
Beehive
Elastician Success Model

Page 26:
26
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
26
Recruitment 
We have recruiting team members in every region to reflect 
the global nature of our business. We continue to focus on 
expanding our reach into underrepresented talent pools through: 
• Our active par
tnership with CIRCA, the USA’s largest 
network of community-based organizations. This 
ensures our job postings reach underrepresented 
candidate groups and enables us to proactively 
search for talent via the CIRCA database.
• Our active par
tnerships with PowerToFly and 
Fairygodboss who help us reach female candidates for 
open technical and sales roles across the globe.
• Our partnership w
ith the US Department of Defense 
Skilbridge Program, which provides transitioning 
service members with internship opportunities.
• Our ElastiGrad program, w
hich gives us a fresh 
source of new ideas, perspectives, and creative ways 
of solving problems from early career talent. While 
still in its infancy, 70% of our FY23 Graduates self-
identified as women and >60% identified as URM.1
• Our internal sourcers' and recruiters' focused outreach 
and sour
cing efforts on finding diverse talent.
1 A US citizen who identifies as Black/ African American,  Hispanic/Latino,  American Indian,  or Southeast Asian & first generation college students


Page 27:
27
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
27
Onboarding
Our onboarding period at Elastic starts from the moment a 
new hire says “yes” to their role, and aims to build new hires’ 
confidence, foster a sense of belonging, and increase speed  
to value by:
• Establishing a shared sense o
f purpose and goals through 
connecting to company history and future plans.
• Demy
stifying the Elastic culture by uncovering habits, norms, 
and processes so new hires can easily navigate daily life  
at Elastic.
• Ensuring clarity about ho
w their line of business contributes 
to Elastic’s success and collaboration with teammates, internal 
partners, and customers.
The onboarding experience consists of a global X-School 
program for all new hires, as well as role-specific training. 
Teams across Elastic work in alignment to ensure a seamless 
onboarding journey. 
X-School is a mix of live and asynchronous experiences, 
including virtual instructor-led events, online learning paths, 
guidance for new hires’ managers, and a live forum specifically 
for new managers. 
During the X-School journey, new hires explore Elastic’s history, 
strategy, products, and customers and hear from senior leaders 
in each part of the business. Both the CEO and CTO and  
co-founder give live keynotes and participate in Ask Me 
Anything sessions, and access to senior leadership is regularly 
cited as a huge benefit to the onboarding experience. Attention 
is paid in the program to ensuring new hires are given the 
opportunity to understand Elastic’s social commitments, 
with keynotes from our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion team 
(including introducing our Elastician Resource Groups (ERGs) 
and other DEI initiatives such as cultural activations), and Elastic 
Cares programs (donation matching, volunteer opportunities 
and rewards, and nonprofit organization grants). A deep dive 
into the context, history, and intention behind Elastic’s Source 
Code, delivered by Shay Banon, company co-founder and CTO 
is an integral element of the program, as the Source Code is 
woven into every element of Elastic life. Additionally, new hires 
connect with each other and build meaningful relationships 
through regular small  
breakout sessions. 
Since 2020, nearly 3,000 Elasticians have been through virtual 
X-School (~70% of whom are still Elasticians today), and 
participant feedback is consistently overwhelmingly positive, 
with on average 92% attendees reporting positive scores for 
impact, experience, and learning.
In FY24, X-School will undergo a major redesign to allow us to 
scale the program as Elastic grows, incorporate The Beehive 
behaviors, and ensure all geographies can have an  
excellent experience.


Page 28:
28
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
28
I’ve never been in a company before  
that dedicates that amount of time to its  
culture and I just simply think it's amazing.
It was truly a one-of-a-kind  
immersive experience.
As a distributed first company, Elastic  
has nailed the virtual induction process!
A selection of comments from new hires taken from publicly shared LinkedIn posts:

Page 29:
29
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
29
T alent development
Elastic’s Learning & Organizational Development team’s vision 
is to enable purposeful growth for all Elasticians by providing 
meaningful learning that can be applied in work and life.
The team’s programs will be aligned to the Elastician Success 
Model: The Beehive. In developing The Beehive, the team 
created a robust and evidence-based framework that captures 
both the unique characteristics of Elastic’s people and culture 
while representing external best practices for employee and 
leadership success.
In delivering critical leadership development programs, the 
following is available to leaders at Elastic:
• In "Leadership F
oundations," new or less-experienced 
managers explore the psychological transition from individual 
contributor to leader and how to prioritize strategic activity. 
• In "Ke
y Leadership Concepts," leaders at any level are given 
tools and practice opportunities to grow skills needed to help 
develop their team members, deliver meaningful feedback, 
and lead through change. 
• In "Leading Strat
egically," through a nomination program, 
senior leaders and top talent work together in an immersive 
simulation experience to develop skills needed to lead  
the enterprise. 
• In our one-t
o-one coaching program, through a nomination 
process, selected leaders are offered a program of in-depth 
personal development with a fully accredited external coach. 
• In "High Per forming Teams," managers are given a toolkit of 
resources to help them establish team purpose and goals and 
work effectively together to achieve them. 
• In "Learning labs,
" all leaders have the opportunity to join 
regular facilitated discussion forums with peers around topics 
such as psychological safety, change, and inclusion. 
A selection of recent participant feedback from two  
key programs: 
• Ke
y Leadership Concepts: “The content seemed spot on for 
the time frame and I am really glad I attended.”; “Provided 
a lot of great tools and different ways to think through 
problems.”; “I put the training into practice immediately, which 
makes it 'stick' so much better.” 
• Leading Strat
egically: “It was a home run — I left feeling like 
I was a better leader.”; “One of the best programs I have been 
on.”; “Usually not over-optimistic about these programs but 
this was awesome, it exceeded my expectations.”
All Elasticians have full access to LinkedIn Learning, an  
always-on platform that provides a range of courses on every 
topic imaginable. Everyone is given training on how to get the 
most value from the platform by selecting their interest areas to 
allow for curated personal learning journeys.
Alongside this, all Elasticians have the opportunity to attend  
live classes: 
• "Connecting Thr
ough Conversations" teaches the key skills of 
coaching-style conversations. "Learning labs" gives a forum 
for peer discussion and learning on critical topics.
• "Discov
ering DiSC" incorporates a personality assessment 
with a facilitated debrief on how you can use this insight to 
work more effectively with others.
In 2022, the team delivered nearly 200 hours of instructor-led 
training, and 2,068 Elasticians logged in to LinkedIn Learning to 
complete a total of 49,795 videos over 2,851 hours. 
In FY24, the team’s focus is on launching The Beehive Elastician 
Success Model. All Elasticians will have access to a suite of 
learning tools to help them improve their skills across each 
area of The Beehive, which outlines behavioral and leadership 
expectations at Elastic. Within each cell, we’ll offer learning in a 
range of formats and durations to allow each individual to pick a 
style and depth that works for them. All learning will be hosted 
and tracked on a learning portal. Individuals will receive credits 
for completion and will achieve badges once a cell of The 
Beehive is completed. 

Page 30:
30
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
30
Employee engagement
We’ve been running a semiannual global engagement 
survey for five years. We typically see high engagement 
and participation across the organization and benchmark 
well against our peers. We use our engagement survey to 
drive programmatic action at the company level and team 
actions down to the manager level. We look at the data 
across demographics from gender and geography to tenure 
and team. The participation rate for the February 2023 Pulse 
Survey was 87%, while the engagement score was 72%. Most 
recently, we have seen high scores on questions related 
to management, understanding how work contributes to 
the goals of Elastic, and being proud to work at Elastic.


Page 31:
31
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
31
Benefits
By embodying our Source Code value for Elasticians to show 
up "As YOU, are" we continue to build our plans with inclusivity, 
relevance, flexibility, and choice at the heart of the Elastic 
experience. Key focus areas in 2023 include:
Expanding the core Elastician experience by:
• Continuing to roll out our core plans (healthcare, paid time 
off
, financial protection), mental health services, and family 
formation benefits across five additional locations (Belgium, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand).
• Pro
viding access to several mental well-being resources, 
including digital counseling services, weekly guided 
meditation, and our global employee assistance program 
(EAP) in more locations. We’ve also expanded the inclusivity of 
our health plans to include additional mental health services 
for children and teens. 
• Extending f
amily formation benefits to support Elasticians 
globally on their fertility, surrogacy, or adoption journeys. 
We also provide low testosterone support and menopause 
support. Every benefit is available to Elasticians regardless of 
marital status, sexual orientation, or gender.
• Recognizing financial w
ellness as an important component 
of well-being for all Elasticians. We have also committed to 
additional retirement and savings plans to support Elasticians 
in Ireland, Italy, and New Zealand, with plans to invest in 
additional countries over the coming year.
• Pro
viding all Elasticians with the opportunity to build an 
equity ownership stake through Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) 
grants and/or Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) 
participation. RSU ranges — established by geographic zone, 
salary band, and job level — are reviewed annually, with the 
equity framework approved by the compensation committee 
of the board of directors. 
Creating space for what matters by:
• Launching a global caregivers benefit to Elasticians, making it 
easier t
o get access to care planning for cases such as aging 
parents, a loved one with a critical diagnosis, or a child with 
special needs. Additionally, the service provides 1:1 expert 
support and community resources.
• Offering a gender
-neutral and flexible parental leave policy 
that meets a global minimum standard of 16 weeks of paid 
time off.
• Pro
viding up to one month paid compassionate leave to 
help Elasticians manage and recover from situations in their 
personal lives.
Amplifying Elasticians' impact by:
• Offering five days of paid volunteer time off to engage in 
helping ot
hers.
• Gifting up t
o $1,500 per fiscal year in charitable donation 
matching to support the generosity of Elasticians through our 
Elastic Cares program.
• Honoring our ser
ving military by offering a salary differential 
to total 100% of a service member’s Elastic salary for the first 
six months of active duty.
Providing holistic well-being engagement by:
• Encouraging Elasticians to tak e care of their health with fun 
and engaging campaigns like our fruit and veggie or sleep 
challenges resulting in a steady uptick in well-being  
initiatives participation.
• Ensuring remot
e Elasticians have ergonomic home 
workspaces with online and one-to-one assessments and 
accommodation support.
 
 
 
 

Page 32:
32
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
32
Elastic recognized with 
6 Comparably awards
A supportive and flexible company culture is a core part of 
our Source Code. We believe in empowering our employees 
to be their whole, creative selves and are proud to see this 
work recognized by Comparably in six major categories of its 
Best Place to Work series, including: Best Company Culture, 
Best CEO, and Best Company for Diversity.  
We also received an A+ culture score.

Page 33:
33
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
33
Diversity
At Elastic, we are strengthened by the differences that define 
us. We celebrate the limitless dimensions inherent to our 
Elasticians and aspire to build a team with a wide breadth and 
depth of diversity, including representation, that reflects our 
customers and communities around the globe.
Equity
Often used interchangeably with equality, equity is critically 
different. Equality is the state of being equal — treating 
everyone the same. Equity involves impartiality and fairness 
— treating everyone fairly. Equity recognizes that the same 
thing for everyone (equality) doesn’t truly address needs, and 
therefore, specific solutions and remedies — which may be 
different for different people — are necessary. Equity is the lens 
through which we approach our policies and practices to ensure 
we create the best environment and results for everyone.
Inclusion
We want to cultivate an environment at Elastic where every 
Elastician feels included. By treating all Elasticians fairly and 
respectfully, and providing equitable access to opportunities 
and resources, we hope to empower our team so that they can 
contribute fully to our collective success.
Diversity ,  equity & inclusion
We’re working to give more structure and context to how we talk about diversity. We continue to learn and iterate as we evolve from diversity, 
inclusion, and belonging (DIB) to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), with an articulated mission philosophy and foundational tenets.
Elastic's DEI philosophy


Page 34:
34
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
34
DEI tenets
The following tenets guide our approach to diversity, 
equity, and inclusion and help us flourish as we grow: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source Code
The foundation for DEI is our Source Code. It’s what makes 
Elastic, Elastic. Some ideas resonate more strongly with others, 
and that’s OK. The ideas in our Source Code are reminders that 
keep us steadfast because we’re not perfect. We’re human.
Pause and explain
When a situation occurs that creates discomfort or unease, we 
encourage Elasticians to remember the Source Code. Pause 
and remember that we wear different lenses, have different 
backgrounds and experiences, live in different parts of the 
world, and speak different languages. After the pause,  
explain — without judgment, condemnation, or assuming  
bad intent — why the situation created discomfort or unease.
Respect the pause
Respecting pauses someone may take during a meeting or 
conversation is respectful and inclusive of non-native language 
speakers, cognitive differences, and the countless dimensions 
of diversity across the globe. Respect the pause rather than 
moving to the next discussion point or a new topic.
DEI is a journey, not a destination
The road to achieving diversity, equity, and inclusion is ongoing. 
In 2022, we evolved the structure of our DEI strategy. First, we 
established a vision and framework for how Elastic approaches 
DEI. Second, we expanded systems and processes — formalizing 
ERG Policy to include compensating ERG leads. These structural 
examples are best-in-class and demonstrate how Elastic is 
embedding DEI into the very fabric of the corporation. And 
continuously iterating and learning from our initiatives to ensure 
we’re always progressing along our DEI journey.
The road to achieving 
diversity, equity, and 
inclusion is ongoing.

Page 35:
35
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
35
This work resulted in the following vision and current three 
pillars of our DEI strategy, which guide our approach:
People:
Focusing on representation and inclusion at our company
Product:
Innovating our products to enable equitable outcomes
Plus:
As we succeed as a business, encouraging supplier 
responsibility and direct societal investment for impact
DEI at Elastic is supported at the top. Our senior director of DEI, 
who is responsible for the integration of DEI in the company, 
reports to the chief human resources officer (CHRO). The 
CHRO reports to the compensation committee of the board of 
directors on matters including DEI topics.
Elastic's DEI vision:
Creating value and equity through 
transformational change, enabling 
connections, and leading with data.

Page 36:
36
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
36
Elastician Resource Groups (ERGs)
We currently have seven ERGs around shared identity, interest, and allyship:
25% of Elasticians are involved in one 
or more ERGs with more than 200 
people involved in two or more ERGs, 
demonstrating intersectional support.
The Accessibles  
(Accessibility)
Blasticians  
(Black and African 
American)
ElastAsians  
(Asian and Pacific 
Islander+)
Elasticians Unidos  
(Hispanic/Latinx)
Rainbow Stack  
(LGBTQIA+)
Mil-Asticians  
(Military/Veteran)
Women of Elastic  
(Women)
During 2022, each ERG led the curation of content, activities, and events 
specific to each group, engaging hundreds of Elasticians worldwide by 
living our Source Code: come As YOU, Are. From ElastAsians joining close to 
150 Elasticians in celebrating Fall Festival with Mooncakes and Diwali with 
traditional Mithai sweets, to month-long celebrations hosted by Elasticians 
Unidos recognizing contributions of Hispanics/Latinx throughout the world! 
In addition to cultural and relevant ERG-focused programing, we partnered 
with our ERG leads to provide action items to our Learning & Organizational 
Development (L&OD) organization to optimize inclusivity across the company 
and give their input and feedback to DEI efforts and initiatives across Elastic 
(such as our first-ever Lived Experience Survey). Senior leadership serves 
as executive sponsors to ERGs, providing guidance and support, as well as 
informal mentoring to our ERG Leads, thus fostering a culture of giving back 
and developing our internal talent.

Page 37:
37
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
37
DEI learning
Rather than mandating DEI training (akin to a compliance 
requirement), our preferred approach is to monitor and measure 
qualitative metrics, which we continue to develop. In 2022, 
we enhanced our ability to track participation in DEI learning 
courses pursuant to Elastic’s DEI Tenets and Philosophy. We 
are committed to evolving the offering and monitoring of DEI 
learning opportunities at Elastic.
In partnership with Learning & Organizational Development 
(L&OD), we have created a learning path available to all 
Elasticians encompassing unconscious bias training for 
interviewers, DEI segments in our employee onboarding 
program, and walk-through demonstrations on inclusivity.  
This learning path is a mix of self-produced Elastic-specific 
content and curated external resources.
Additionally, we provide our ERG Leads with unique 
development and training opportunities. From monthly ERG 
Leads meetings with visits from senior leadership discussing 
relevant topics, to outside consultants focusing on providing  
the necessary tools for their success.
DEI communications
In 2022, we made an intentional effort to integrate DEI into all 
corporate communications, internal and external. This increased 
the number of touchpoints with the Elastic community and 
DEI topics and supports our effort to weave DEI into the daily 
operations and experiences of our stakeholders.
Internally, DEI conversations are interwoven into the operational 
fabric of the organization. We often discuss DEI outcomes 
during Company All Hands. DEI behaviors are part of leadership 
expectations in team meetings, for example. More than half of 
the company is involved in DEI or Elastic Cares Slack channels. 
We also publish content in a twice-a-month company-wide 
newsletter; our Employee Resource Groups (ERG) participate in 
content curation, highlighting observances like Black History Month.
Externally, we facilitate collaboration between ERGs, Employer 
Brand, Communications, and Elastic Cares to tell the stories 
of Elasticians on our website and on social media. We produce 
blogs in recognition of celebrations like Hispanic Heritage 
Month, Black History Month, Asian Pacific Heritage Month, and 
Veterans Day. A unique offering, the Someone Like Me program, 
offers the opportunity for candidates to connect with Elasticians 
of similar backgrounds during the interview process, providing a 
viewpoint into the company with someone who is not part of the 
interview process.
In addition, our Elastic Cares program supports an evergreen 
giving opportunity for anti-racism and social justice causes 
and hosts regular sessions to highlight a diverse slate of 
global nonprofits.


Page 38:
38
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
38
Functional Affirmative  
Action Program (FAAP)
We maintain a functional affirmative action program. As part 
of this effort, we conduct an analysis of hiring and promotion 
by Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) categories by 
race, ethnicity, and gender within each EEO job code, which 
serves to signal any opportunities that may exist and outline 
any resulting hiring goals requiring good-faith efforts needed 
to make the most of that opportunity. The DEI team briefs our 
executive leaders on the FAAP to ensure they are aware of 
and understand the expectations for good-faith efforts. We 
believe the functional element of this program better promotes 
ownership and accountability to each business function for the 
outcomes of the program. The analysis and reporting are tied 
to five key functions: Field, Engineering, Marketing, HR, and 
Corporate (Finance, IT and Ops, and Legal).
Gender pay equity
Our commitment to fair pay is the foundation of our 
compensation philosophy and informs our pay decisions 
around the globe. This means paying people fairly for the job 
they perform without regard to gender or race/ethnicity. We 
believe in this so strongly that we partner with an external 
consultant to conduct fair pay analysis on a regular basis 
using established job groupings and control factors to ensure 
appropriate comparisons. We look at gender globally and race 
and ethnicity for employees in the U.S., and we account for 
factors to ensure appropriate comparisons. We are pleased to 
report that women globally earn $0.99 for every $1.00 earned 
by men for similar work. We are also happy to report the same 
is true for underrepresented groups (URG) in the U.S., where  
underrepresented group employees earned $0.98 for every 
$1.00 earned by non-underrepresented group (non-URG) 
employees for similar work.
As further demonstration of our commitment to fair pay, in the 
United States we include salary ranges in all job postings across 
all states and Washington DC to ensure a level playing field 
for every applicant. Outside of the United States, we conduct 
country-specific analysis in accordance with local practice.  
We have published our French Gender Pay Gap Index for the 
past four years with a strong score of 93 out of 100 in our  
most recent analysis.
Across Elastic, we take pride in our compensation practices.  
We are steadfast in our commitment to providing fair pay  
for all Elasticians.

Page 39:
39
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
39
2022 global gender diversity
Diversity is about the differences between 
people. At Elastic, we aspire to have employee 
representation that reflects the diversity of our 
customers and communities around the globe. 
In 2022, we created the 2% Workforce Diversity 
Goal, which establishes an aspirational goal to 
increase company representation on the basis 
of gender and racial/ethnic diversity by two 
percentage points. We do this to hold ourselves 
accountable for building diverse candidate 
and leadership pipelines as we strive to build a 
representative workforce.
The following information reflects Elastic’s 
workforce representation as of December 31, 
2022. It also aids us in identifying opportunities 
for improvement in FY24 and beyond.
C-suite
22.2%  Female
77.8%  Male
Senior management
27.5%  Female
72.5%  Male
T echnical
19.8%  Female
79.3%  Male
 0.5%  Non-binary
 0.4%  Decline to state
Overall
31.8%  Female
67.7%  Male
 0.3%  Non-binary
 0.2%  Decline to state
Workforce diversity metrics

Page 40:
40
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
40
2022 US racial/ethnic diversity
C-suite
37.5%  Underrepr esented group (URG)*
62.5%  Non-URG
32.8%  Underrepr esented group (URG)*
67.2%  Non-URG
T echnical
27.0%  Underrepr esented group (URG)*
73.0%  Non-URG
Senior management
31.5%  Underrepr esented group (URG)*
68.5%  Non-URG
Overall
*Underrepresented Group (URG) refers to the cumulative group of non-white EEO-1 race/ethnicity categories as defined by the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).   
URGs include: American Indian or Native Alaskan (not Hispanic or Latino),  Asian (not Hispanic or Latino),  Black or African American (not Hispanic or Latino),  Hispanic or Latino,  Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (not Hispanic or Latino),  and two or more races (not Hispanic or Latino).

Page 41:
41
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
41
2022 US racial/ethnic diversity (continued)
C-suite
77.8%  White
22.2%
  Asian
00.0%  Hispanic or Latino
00.0%
  Black or African American
00.0%  American Indian or Alaska Native
00.0%
  Native Haw
aiian or Pacific Islander
00.0%  Tw
o or more races
73.0%  White
15.9%
  Asian
06.2%  Hispanic or Latino
02.3%
  Black or African American
00.6%  American Indian or Alaska Native
00.0%
  Native Haw
aiian or Pacific Islander
02.0%  Tw
o or more races
68.4%  White
14.1%
  Asian
08.3%  Hispanic or Latino
04.4%
  Black or African American
00.5%  American Indian or Alaska Native
00.4%
  Native Haw
aiian or Pacific Islander
03.9%  Tw
o or more races
67.2%  White
16.4%
  Asian
07.0%  Hispanic or Latino
04.3%
  Black or African American
00.3%  American Indian or Alaska Native
00.5%
  Native Haw
aiian or Pacific Islander
04.3%  Tw
o or more races
Senior management
T echnical Overall

Page 42:
42
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
42
What's next for DEI?
Looking ahead to FY24 (and the rest of 2023), we are focused 
on the People Pillar of our framework. This means continuing to 
build diverse candidate and leadership pipelines, strengthening 
our Employee Resource Group (ERG) program, and equipping 
all Elasticians with Common Language to help them 
articulate diversity, equity, and inclusion and have meaningful 
conversations. We’ve also launched an Expanded Self-ID 
initiative to give Elasticians the option to “come As YOU, Are” 
through voluntary self-identification in modern demographic 
dimensions (such as LGBTQ+ status). 
Elastic Cares
Elastic Cares is Elastic’s philanthropic goodness program. 
This program is available to all permanent employees and 
consultants. The goal of Elastic Cares is to ensure that Elastic 
teams and individuals can donate, volunteer, and give products 
on a global and local level to charitable organizations that 
matter the most to them. In doing so, Elastic leaves the freedom 
of choice on where to volunteer, donate, and give products in 
the hands of Elasticians. 
The foundational activities of the Elastic Cares program are our 
donation matching, volunteer incentive programs, and non-profit 
organization (NPO) grants.
In 2022, the Elastic Cares program worked with teams across 
Elastic to support philanthropic causes, including:
• Elastic India made a donation to t
he Isha Foundation, 
the funds were allocated to a project that 
promotes sustainable crematoriums in India.
• Employ
ee engagement campaigns for Black 
History Month, Asian Heritage Month/AAPI Month, 
Pride Month, and other recognition days to raise 
awareness around important societal issues.
• Global goodness ev
ents to drive impact and increase 
community engagement in growing regions.


Page 43:
43
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
43
Elastic Cares
Elastic Cares is Elastic’s philanthropic goodness program. 
This program is available to all permanent employees and 
consultants. The goal of Elastic Cares is to ensure that Elastic 
teams and individuals can donate, volunteer, and give products 
on a global and local level to charitable organizations that 
matter the most to them. In doing so, Elastic leaves the freedom 
of choice on where to volunteer, donate, and give products in 
the hands of Elasticians.
The foundational activities of the Elastic Cares program are our 
donation matching, volunteer incentive programs, and nonprofit 
organization (NPO) grants.
In 2022, the Elastic Cares program worked with teams across 
Elastic to support philanthropic causes, including:
• Elastic India made a donation to t
he Isha Foundation 
and the funds were allocated to a project that 
promotes sustainable crematoriums in India.
• Employ
ee engagement campaigns for Black History 
Month, Asian Heritage Month/AAPI Month,  
Pride Month, and other recognition days to raise 
awareness around important societal issues.
• Global goodness ev
ents to drive impact and increase 
community engagement in growing regions.


Page 44:
44
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
44
Donation matching
We match Elasticians’ donations to organizations of their choice 
up to a maximum of $1,500 per fiscal year. Every annual Giving 
Tuesday, we match donations 2:1 to all available charities and 
causes on an inclusive global time-zone basis. 
Periodically, Elastic responds to acute humanitarian crises, 
social justice movements, or disaster recovery events with 
special 2:1 matching campaigns. In 2022, in response to the 
events occurring in Ukraine, Elastic launched a 2:1 special match 
campaign to support the region and humanitarian causes. As 
a result, 290 donors supported our Aid for Ukraine campaign, 
raising a total of US$216,565. 
Giving Tuesday is an annual 2:1 campaign where all eligible 
causes can be matched at 200% for the day of Giving Tuesday. 
In 2022 this campaign raised $330,849.98, which was donated 
to 523 causes. Over all 285 Elasticians donated 680 times.
All contractors, part-time, and full-time Elasticians can donate 
and use full Elastic Cares benefits. Elasticians can nominate 
a cause of their choice to be registered with Benevity, our 
company-wide giving platform. All approved causes are eligible 
for the corporate match, provided they meet our Source Code 
and basic non-discrimination and equalities commitments. 
 
 
Volunteering
We provide five days (40 hours) of volunteer time off (VTO)  
per year to Elasticians to help charitable organizations  
and/or causes of their choice. The Elastic Cares team  
and other employee groups offer team VTO activities to 
volunteer together. 
Some highlights for group regional volunteer activities were: 
Willing Hearts (Singapore), New York Edge (NYC, USA), SF 
Marin Food Bank (San Francisco, USA), Out Youth (Austin TX, 
USA), and London Friend (London, UK). 
Global VTO campaign highlights: Earth Day VTO Challenge 
(during the month of April). 
Dollars for Doers is a new program introduced in 2022 that 
recognizes Elastician volunteer efforts outside of standard 
working hours (e.g., nights and weekends) by rewarding them 
with a donation credit equivalent to $20 per hour volunteered 
(up to 16 hours) that can be gifted to a charitable cause through 
Elastic's giving platform. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nonprofit organization grant (NPO)
In 2022, we continued our nonprofit organization (NPO) grant 
program. Our initiative is designed to empower the positive 
impact created by our nonprofit partners. We provide up to 
16GB standard Elastic Cloud clusters for free to nonprofit 
organizations on a yearly basis. Charities can renew every year.


Page 45:
45
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
45
NPO case studies 
Isha Foundation 
APJ region
Isha Foundation is is a volunteer-based, nonprofit organization 
that focuses on creating an inclusive culture toward global 
harmony and progress. The foundation is dedicated to human 
well-being by delivering online yoga, plus societal- and 
environmental-related programs. Over the last three decades, 
Isha Foundation's activities have touched the lives of over 
200 million people, reaching individuals irrespective of their 
economic, cultural, or religious background. Isha Foundation has 
been a NPO grantee customer for two years. 
Use case: 
Isha employs Elastic Stack for yoga and educational programs. 
They also use Elastic Cloud for building a centralized 
observability platform through Elasticsearch, APM monitoring, 
and security.
Charity Navigator 
AMER region
Charity Navigator evaluates nonprofit organizations to help 
them improve. This helps donors feel confident in how they 
operate and disperse funds. Charity Navigator has been an NPO 
grantee customer since 2019. 
Use case: 
Charity Navigator uses Elastic Cloud to power its site search 
and API search. Site search accounts for 40% of the traffic on 
the website, and with roughly 1.8M charity records released by 
the IRS in the US, Elastic helps connect users with the charities 
they're interested in. 
Miricyl 
EMEA region
Based in the UK, Miricyl provides digital tools to help young 
people and their families that are affected by mental illnesses. 
They raise money for research that aims to tackle the root 
causes of mental health and save lives. 
Use case: 
Miricyl offers a unique aggregator/directory website that allows 
people to search for vetted resources to help with mental 
illness, such as self-help information and online support. Miricyl 
uses Elastic to deliver a resource directory and superior  
search experience.
Kiva Microfunds 
AMER region
Kiva was founded in San Francisco in 2005 to provide 
crowdfunded microloans to underserved communities globally, 
expanding financial access and promoting financial inclusion.
In partnership with a global network of local lending institutions, 
Kiva.org provides loans for more than 3.5 million entrepreneurs 
and others in need around the world. 
Use case: 
Kiva uses Elasticsearch to power search and filtering on  
Kiva.org, helping connect lenders to borrowers. Elastic Cloud 
will be used to support the expansion of its loan index library, 
search and service, as well as enhancing complex search 
queries and document storing capabilities. Kiva also uses 
Kibana to monitor indices and provide visibility to the team.

Page 46:
46
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework indexWe’re Elastic
 Social
46
Elastic Cares 
A
ssistance Fund
Elastic Cares Assistance Fund is a new charitable 
resource for Elasticians who are facing financial hardship 
immediately after a natural disaster or unforeseen 
personal hardship caused by events such as violence, 
serious illness or injury, and more. Through the fund 
eligible employees can apply for a charitable grant  
(up to $1,500).
2022 impact by the numbers
5,730
1.45M
1,432
29 279K
480K 632K
Total volunteer hours logged
USD total charitable 
donations
Number of causes supported
NPO customers onboarded USD value of NPO grants awarded
USD Elastician 
donations
USD Elastician 
corporate match$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Page 47:
47
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Governance
Governance 
We are committed to the highest ethical standards and dedicated to 
complying with all applicable laws while safeguarding all data entrusted to us. 
In the pursuit of good governance and ethical business conduct, our efforts 
support the objectives of UN SDG 16, which promotes anti-corruption  
and transparent institutions.
47

Page 48:
48
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Governance
48
ESG oversight
In 2022, we made significant strides in formalizing and 
expanding our ESG oversight structures and practices.
At the board of directors level, our Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee is tasked with oversight for our 
sustainability and ESG activities, programs, and disclosures. 
This responsibility is enshrined in the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee’s charter. A sustainability and  
ESG-related update is provided or discussed at every meeting 
of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
At the management level, the responsibility of oversight is 
conducted at various levels. We established an ESG Steering 
Committee consisting of our chief financial officer and chief 
operating officer, chief legal officer, chief marketing officer, 
and chief human resources officer. Their responsibility is to 
provide applicable approvals and strategic direction to our 
cross-functional ESG Working Group, which implements ESG 
initiatives throughout Elastic and contributes to developing ESG 
disclosures while providing updates to the Board.
Elastic has established the foundational elements required to 
execute on our corporate-wide sustainability strategy. In 2022, 
we hired a director of sustainability and ESG, our first dedicated, 
internal functional leader for our sustainability efforts. With 
this role we have established a centralized function to oversee 
company-wide sustainability initiatives including climate 
change strategy and alignment with regulatory bodies, such 
as the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) 
and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The director 
of sustainability and ESG reports to the group vice president, 
Total Rewards, HR Operations, Systems, Analytics, Workforce 
Expansion & ESG/Sustainability.

Page 49:
49
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Governance
49
Business ethics
Every Elastician shares a commitment to integrity. Winning and 
maintaining the trust of our global user community, customers, 
partners, and shareholders is important to us  —  and we 
achieve that by demonstrating honesty, professionalism, 
and empathy every day. Regardless of position, tenure, or 
geographic location, all Elasticians embrace a culture that 
operates in accordance with the highest ethical standards and 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
The Corporate Legal Team conducts an annual review of our 
business ethics policies and programs, among other corporate 
governance policies, and provides recommendations to the full 
board of directors.
All of our employees must adhere to our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics (Code of Conduct) that sets standards 
for appropriate behavior. To continuously promote better 
governance and a higher standard of ethical and professional 
conduct across the entire company, employees are required 
to complete annual training on the Code of Conduct, as well 
as additional training to help prevent, identify, and report any 
type of discrimination and harassment. All of our significant 
compliance policies are publicly available on our Ethics, 
compliance, and data security page.
In accordance with our Whistleblowing Policy, we maintain 
an ethics hotline where employees and third parties can 
confidentially and anonymously report any concerns about 
possible violations of our Code of Conduct and company 
policies without fear of reprisal or retaliation. We thoroughly look 
into reports we receive through the hotline, or other reporting 
channels, and take appropriate remedial action when warranted. 
Please see our policies and other documents on our Ethics, 
compliance, and data security page for a more detailed picture 
of our approach to ethics and compliance.
Political involvement
Our Code of Conduct prohibits use of Elastic’s assets for any 
political activities and political involvement by our employees 
on behalf of Elastic. All Elasticians are required to complete our 
annual Code of Conduct e-learning course, which includes an 
interactive segment on political activities that makes it very 
clear that personal political activities must be kept personal, 
and that no company assets can be used to support political 
activities of an employee.
Human rights
We will treat all of our workers in a manner that is consistent 
with the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 
We will support and respect the protection of internationally 
proclaimed human rights and will not tolerate any human rights 
abuses within our organization or our supply chain.

Page 50:
50
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Governance
50
Supply chain 
responsibility
Our commitment to responsibly managing and partnering 
with our suppliers is enshrined in our Global Vendor Code of 
Conduct (GVCC), which applies to all suppliers of products or 
services to Elastic. It requires our suppliers to operate with 
honesty and integrity and comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations. In particular, they must comply with labor, wage, 
benefits, and health and safety laws and regulations. They are 
also expected to protect their workers’ human rights, honor 
their freedom of association, not discriminate in hiring and 
employment practices, and treat their employees with respect 
and dignity. Finally, we also expect our vendors to comply with 
environmental laws and operate in a way that protects the 
environment. Since we believe that these business conduct 
principles are truly universal, we expect our vendors to require 
all third-party suppliers that provide products and services to 
them to also comply with the standards in our GVCC. We also 
work to ensure all suppliers conform to our GVCC in our  
supplier contracts.
To support our commitment to sustainability and understand the 
impact of our supply chain, we added a subset of  
ESG-related questions within our request for proposal (RFP) 
template documents in 2021. We recently broadened these 
questions as part of our aim to understand our suppliers’ level 
of maturity regarding environmental sustainability and diversity, 
equity, and inclusion practices. In 2022, engagement on these 
topics became a standard component of our vendor onboarding 
framework, ensuring that we have a clear view into the ESG 
practices of our supply chain.
To support the development of our supply chain responsibility 
program and capacity, we took the following actions in 2022:
• Participation in multi-stak
eholder dialogue and  
knowledge-sharing forums on best practices for supply chain 
sustainability and diversity in our sector and third-party 
counsel on best practices in these areas.
• Engaged a thir
d-party to identify percentage of diverse 
spend across our US-based supply base, back three years to 
evaluate trends and establish baselines.
As we advance, we are working toward a centralized vendor 
onboarding process that would enable harmonization of our 
approach to evaluating additional factors such as  
human rights risk.


Page 51:
51
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Governance
51
Data privacy & security
We are committed to protecting the personal data of our users 
and supporting compliance with global data protection laws and 
regulations, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR). Elastic Cloud includes contractual commitments to 
protect data security, confidentiality, and integrity. In addition 
to protecting their data, we aim to facilitate our customers' 
compliance with data protection laws and regulations, which is 
why we designed the Elastic Stack to help customers achieve 
their privacy compliance goals.
Data privacy
We are committed to protecting our users’ personal data. We 
have several privacy policies, including our Global Privacy 
Statement. In this policy, we detail our practices regarding the 
collection, use, sharing, and retention of the personal data 
of our users, in addition to the privacy rights our users have 
regarding the way we process that information.
Elastic maintains data classification and data retention 
standards to promote healthy data governance practices. We 
protect company and customer data in accordance with its 
sensitivity. All customer information is classified as restricted 
data and protected at the highest level. We retain customer 
information only as long as legally, contractually,  
or operationally necessary.
Elastic tracks the use of open source and third-party software 
libraries in our own products and services. Automated 
dependency and vulnerability detection tools are in place. 
Identified vulnerabilities are classified and remediated according 
to severity. Under the principles of Coordinated Vulnerability 
Disclosure, Elastic analyzes potential security vulnerabilities to 
identify any recommended mitigations or product updates and 
coordinates disclosures via Elastic Security Advisories (ESA) 
and the CVE program.
Elastic’s Cookie Policy addresses our practices and data 
subject rights relating to behavioral advertising. Our behavioral 
advertising practices include the use of cookies, web beacons, 
and other similar technologies when you visit, interact 
with, or use our websites, social media pages, marketing 
communications, and online advertisements. The policy 
describes the types of cookies and automation technologies we 
use and the options for users to control Elastic’s use of cookies 
and tools. We carefully manage data protection compliance 
throughout all of our behavioral advertising practices, including 
using third-party compliance tools and maintaining cookie 
banners where required.

Page 52:
52
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Governance
52
Data security
We have an experienced team of security practitioners who 
work across multiple disciplines, including security engineering, 
security assurance, risk, and compliance. The Elastic 
Information Security team works with our entire organization 
to evaluate emerging security trends and to help ensure robust 
security controls protect our company, products, and services. 
Our risk management standard defines the process to identify 
and manage risk associated with information security and data 
governance. Risk assessments are performed at least annually. 
As part of this process, threats and changes (environmental, 
regulatory, and technological) to service commitments are 
identified and the risks are formally assessed.
The Audit Committee provides oversight to ensure the 
Information Security program is operating in alignment 
with Elastic’s business goals and objectives, including our 
commitment for responsible data stewardship. 
The Information Security program is guided by a risk-based 
approach to protect our customers’ data. The board of directors 
receives regular updates on the performance of the Information 
Security program across all domains, such as risk management, 
threat intelligence, incident response, internal control operation, 
and corporate security culture. 
Elastic operates in compliance with key information security 
standards and regulations relevant to our customers and 
operating environment. Our services are independently audited 
and confirmed to meet privacy and compliance standards 
for data security and privacy through our certifications and 
attestations, including: 
• SOC 2 Type 2 and SOC 3 
• ISO/
IEC 27001, 27017, and 27018 
• CSA CCM
• FedRAMP Moderat
e
• ISAE 3000 
• PCI-DSS
• HIPAA
• TISAX
• TruSight
Audit
s for our services pursuant to these standards are 
performed annually. For the most up-to-date listing of our 
compliance portfolio, please visit Elastic.co.
Elastic contracts with independent third parties to conduct 
security assessments against our code on a routine basis as well 
as prior to major software releases which include penetration 
testing, secure code review, and vulnerability scanning. Elastic 
source code is also available publicly on GitHub. Elastic 
maintains a public Bug Bounty program and publishes processes 
for submitting vulnerabilities or security-related issues. We 
follow a documented process for investigating identified 
vulnerabilities and other security-related reports. Internal and 
external vulnerability scan and penetration testing activities 
are further reviewed at least annually as part of our compliance 
audits for Elastic Cloud.

Page 53:
53
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Governance
53
We’re committed to rapidly addressing security vulnerabilities 
affecting our customers and providing clear guidance on 
impact, severity, and mitigation. Elastic has a dedicated Threat 
Detection and Response team trained in incident handling 
and response. The Elastic Information Security team also 
maintains an incident response policy and incident response 
plan, which covers all phases of an incident from preparation, 
detection and analysis to containment, eradication, recovery, 
and post-incident activity. We also test our Incident Response 
plan and Business Continuity plans at least annually. Areas for 
improvements and identified deficiencies are documented and 
incorporated into our policies and procedures. 
Elastic tracks the use of open source and third-party software 
libraries in our own products and services. Automated 
dependency and vulnerability detection tools are in place and 
identified vulnerabilities are classified and remediated according 
to severity. Under the principles of Coordinated Vulnerability 
Disclosure, Elastic analyzes potential security vulnerabilities to 
identify any recommended mitigations or product updates and 
coordinates disclosures via Elastic Security Advisories (ESA) 
and the CVE program.
In the event of an incident, the Incident Response team will 
coordinate with information security, legal, and senior leadership 
to provide notification to required stakeholders (i.e., customers, 
partners, external legal counsel, US-CERT) without undue delay 
and in accordance with our legal and contractual obligations.
Security awareness and  
privacy training
All Elastic employees (full-time and part-time) and contractors 
are required to complete security awareness and privacy 
training upon hire and annually thereafter. Additional training, 
like secure code development, is assigned to specified users 
based on their role. The training is delivered through an 
electronic learning management system (LMS) and compliance 
is monitored.
Employees are routinely trained on our security culture. 
Fundamentally, everyone is responsible for keeping Elastic 
secure. All Elasticians are educated on how to recognize and to 
report suspicious activity or security incidents. 
• Security awar
eness training topics include anti-phishing, 
anti-malware, and security hygiene best practices, including 
but not limited to, using strong passwords/passphrases and 
multifactor authentication. The training content is updated as 
real-world attack vectors change to ensure our employees  
are well-informed. 
• Privacy
 training topics include educating employees on 
identifying personally identifiable information (PII) or other 
sensitive data, obligations under the GDPR and other data 
privacy laws and regulations, data subject rights, and secure 
handling of sensitive data.


Page 54:
54
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Governance
54
Corporate governance
The following information describes Board composition and corporate governance practices as of December 31, 2022:
Board composition Board independence
Corporate governance best practices
• Onboar
ding/induction program for new 
directors
• Ongo
ing education for directors 
• Bo
ard oversight of ESG by Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee 
• F
ormal shareholder engagement program 
Board accountability and shareholder rights 
• Annual bo
ard and committee self-evaluation 
• Annual e
valuation of the executive directors by 
independent directors 
• Cash and equity claw
back policy, pursuant 
to our remuneration policy for the board of 
directors and Dutch corporate law
• No po
ison pill
• Shar
eholder right to call special meetings and 
to submit proposals for consideration at the 
Annual General Meeting 
• One-shar
e, one-vote
52.2 YEARS
Average age
33.3%
Women
44%
Racial/ethnic/national diversity
4.4 YEARS
Average tenure
7/9 (78%)
Independent
100%
Standing board committee 
independence
Independent
Lead director
Separate
CEO & board chair roles

Page 55:
55
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Product societal impact
Product  
societal impact 
Elastic is committed to building products that create a positive societal impact. 
The Elastic Search Platform is built on the Elastic Stack, a powerful set of 
software products that ingest data from any source, in any format,  
and perform search, analysis, and visualization of that data. 
The company’s open source roots allow Elastic to provide its solutions to a 
large community of users for free. This encourages innovation and efficiency 
to operate at scale for both nonprofit organizations and for-profit customers.
55

Page 56:
56
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Product societal impact
56
Zuellig Pharma  
Holdings
Healthcare services
Zuellig Pharma, one of Asia's largest healthcare services groups, 
needed to deliver medical products like vaccines and PPE 
quickly during the COVID-19 pandemic. It used Elasticsearch, 
Logstash, and Kibana to power its ecommerce platform, making 
it easier for customers and sales reps to search, browse, and 
place orders quickly. This digitized order-to-cash process for 
the pharma industry allowed call centers and customer service 
hotlines to focus on urgent deliveries, while reducing search 
time for various data with the help of Elasticsearch's distributed 
search and analytics engine.
German Development 
Cooperation (GIZ)
Sustainable development
The Government of Rwanda aims to develop the economy 
and its education and healthcare systems while implementing 
measures to protect citizens from natural disasters. Elastic 
Consulting, along with the German Development Cooperation 
and the Rwanda Information Society Authority, developed a 
monitoring and evaluation solution to provide real-time data 
analysis. The solution has improved data aggregation and 
analytics, enabling the government to make better-informed 
decisions regarding public health and social protection projects. 
The Elastic solution also offers future use case opportunities 
like tracking population growth and building schools in line with 
demographic trends.
Learn More
Learn More

Page 57:
57
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Product societal impact
57
Renewi
Waste management
Renewi, a leading European waste management company, 
partnered with Elastic to build a scalable, secure, and flexible 
platform to handle its data needs. With an industry-leading 
recycling rate of 65% and a goal to reach 75% by 2025, Renewi 
aspires to become the top waste-to-product company in a 
highly advanced circular economic region. 
The Elastic Cloud deployment hosted on Microsoft Azure 
aligned with Renewi’s IT strategy and sustainability mission. 
The platform has improved data security, enabled Renewi to 
comply with data protection regulations, and reduced energy 
consumption and the company's overall carbon footprint. The 
Elastic Stack enables Renewi to integrate and analyze data in 
real-time, helping the company to make more informed business 
decisions, optimize its operations, and reduce costs.
SCiO and CGIAR
Food security
CGIAR, a global initiative focused on food security research, and 
SCiO, a data science platform that allows scientists to securely 
work together, came together to help address the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of reducing 
poverty, improving food and nutritional security, and enhancing 
natural resources management and ecosystem services. Built on 
Elasticsearch, CGIAR and SCiO created GARDIAN, the  
one-stop hub for agri-food data and publications discovery that 
makes data and research on food security, nutrition, and natural 
resources more accessible to scientists all over the world.
Learn More
Learn More

Page 58:
58
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
Framework index

Page 59:
59
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
59
Sustainability 
Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) Index
We continue to review our progress against 
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) standards for the Software and  
IT Services industry.
SASB Code Accounting metric Location or description
TC-SI-1
30a.1
(1) Total energy consumed
(2) Percentage grid electricity
(3) Percentage renewable
As a company that’s distributed by design, Elastic yields a relatively low office energy use footprint 
compared to other companies. Our in-office people-to-desk ratio is 3:1, reducing employee commuting 
and minimizing office complex energy usage. 
Total energy consumed: 1,011,602 kWh
Percentage grid electricity: 100%
Percentage renewable: 0%
Here are the current actions we are taking to reduce the impact of energy consumption: 
• Where possible, w
e specify the use of passive infrared sensors for the activation and automatic 
extinction of lights when office spaces are not in use. These specifications are documented in 
guidelines, which also cover the use of LED lights and energy-efficient audio visual and video 
conference hardware. 
• Our search and selection pr
ocess for finding new office space now includes an environment and 
sustainability element, and we prioritize buildings with a relevant local accreditation like BREEAM, 
LEED, WELL, and others.
Elastic has a limited view on water usage due to lease arrangements with our building operators and 
landlords. We are working to identify solutions that will give us an active monitoring capacity on our 
enterprise-wide environmental impact and enable us to disclose progress year-over-year.
TC-SI-1
30a.2
(1) Total water withdrawn
(2) Total water consumed
(3) Percentage of each 
in regions with high or 
extremely high baseline 
water stress
TC-SI-1
30a.3
Discussion of the 
integration of environmental 
considerations into strategic 
planning for data center 
needs
Elastic does not have its own data centers. A large portion of our total vendor spend is with three large 
cloud service providers: AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. As Elastic scales, we will continue to 
consolidate our total vendor spend with these cloud service providers. 
These three providers have sustainability-related commitments for each of their platforms, which 
enable users like us to operate with increased carbon efficiency. For example, AWS’s public statements 
disclose that it has a target to power its data centers using 100% renewable energy by 2025, which, 
in turn, will reduce AWS's carbon footprint by 88% compared to using consumed electricity. Azure and 
Google Cloud have very similar initiatives in place, which not only incorporate renewable energy and 
greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets but also include objectives related to water, waste, and 
preventing deforestation.

Page 60:
60
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
60
SASB Code Accounting metric Location or description
TC-SI-3
30a.1
Percentage of employees 
who are:
(1) foreign nationals
(2) located offshore
We have 220 foreign national employees on different types of visas and work authorizations 
representing 15 countries where Elastic acts as their sponsor. This is 7.6% of the total number of Elastic 
employees (or 220 of 2,886 full-time employees) as of April 30, 2023.
Of all work permit holders (foreign nationals), 22% were hired in country “A” (originally) and transferred 
to country “B” either upon initial hire or at a later stage, as required by the business. 78% of all foreign 
workers were in-country hires, meaning they already had a valid work visa through another employer, 
but it was not transferable and a work visa sponsorship was needed by our local entity licensed in the 
country of hire for immigration purposes.
TC-SI-3
30a.2
Employee engagement 
expressed as a percentage
The participation rate for the February 2023 Pulse Survey was 87%, while the engagement score was 
72%. Most recently, the highest factor scores are consistently for management at 83%. We also see high 
scores on questions related to understanding how work contributes to the goals of Elastic and being 
proud to work at Elastic.
TC-SI-3
30a.3
Percentage of gender 
and racial/ethnic group 
representation for:
(1) Management
(2) Technical staff
(3) All other employees
Please refer to pg. 39 within the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion section of this report for our  
workforce diversity metrics.
SASB Index 
(continued)

Page 61:
61
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
61
SASB Code Accounting metric Location or eescription
TC-SI-2
20a.1
Description of policies 
and practices relating to 
behavioral advertising and 
user privacy
We have several privacy policies, including our Global Privacy Statement. In this policy, we detail our 
practices regarding the collection, use, sharing, and retention of the personal data of our users, in 
addition to the privacy rights our users have regarding the way we process that information. 
Elastic’s Cookie Policy addresses our practices and data subject rights relating to behavioral 
advertising. Our behavioral advertising practices include the use of cookies, web beacons, and other 
similar technologies when you visit, interact with, or use our websites, social media pages, marketing 
communications, and online advertisements. The policy describes the types of cookies and automation 
technologies we use and the options for users to control Elastic’s use of cookies and tools. We carefully 
manage data protection compliance throughout all of our behavioral advertising practices, including 
using third-party compliance tools and maintaining cookie banners where required.
TC-SI-2
20a.2
Number of users whose 
information is used for 
secondary purposes
Our policy is that personal data cannot be used for anything other than lawful purposes.
TC-SI-2
20a.3
Total amount of monetary 
losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with 
user privacy
Elastic discloses all material legal proceedings in our SEC reports.
TC-SI-2
20a.4
(1) Number of law enforcement 
requests for user information
(2) number of users whose 
information was requested
(3) number resulting in 
disclosure
Please see Elastic’s 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC for a description of any materials, if any, 
requested from law enforcement.
TC-SI-2
20a.5
List of countries where core 
products and services are 
subject to government-
required monitoring, blocking, 
content filtering, or censoring
Our products and services are subject to applicable export controls and trade sanctions, including those 
of the United States. Beyond these export controls and trade sanctions, we are not aware of any countries 
that require monitoring, blocking, content filtering, or censoring of our core products or services.
SASB Index 
(continued)

Page 62:
62
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
62
SASB Code Accounting metric Location or description
TC-SI-2
30a.1
(1) Number of data breaches
(2) percentage involving 
personally identifiable 
information (PII)
(3) number of users affected
Elastic discloses all material information on data breaches in our SEC reports.
TC-SI-2
30a.2
Description of approach to 
identifying and addressing 
data security risks, 
including use of third-party 
cybersecurity standards
Please refer to the Data security section of the report.
TC-SI-5
20a.1
Total amount of monetary 
losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with 
anti-competitive behavior 
regulations
Elastic only needs to disclose material legal proceedings in our Security Exchange Commission (SEC) 
reports. None of the litigation rises to the level of “material” for disclosure purposes, and there are no 
such monetary losses.
TC-SI-5
50a.1
Number of 
(1) performance issues and 
(2) service disruptions 
(3) total customer downtime
Elastic Cloud clusters are globally available across major cloud service providers to meet our customers’ 
hosting and data sovereignty needs. Customers can enable high availability for their clusters through 
availability zone or region failover. Elastic has a status page and Twitter account for communicating 
service issues. Availability is heavily dependent on how a customer configures their environment, which 
is discussed in our Docs.
TC-SI-5
50a.2
Description of business 
continuity risks related to 
disruptions of operations
See our program overview and more specifics for Elastic Cloud.
SASB Index 
(continued)

Page 63:
63
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
63
Governance
T ask Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosure (TCFD) Index
This is Elastic’s inaugural disclosure aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, which evidences our commitment to integrate climate 
considerations into our corporate strategy, risk management processes, and ways we measure 
the success of our business.
TCFD recommendation Elastic disclosure
Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities
Our management, via the ESG and Sustainability Steering Committee, updates our board of 
directors and its committees on climate risks and opportunities, as well as on related trends 
and initiatives.
Describe management’s role in assessing and 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities
Elastic has an ESG and Sustainability Steering Committee, comprising six management-level 
positions, including the CFO and COO, CHRO, and CLO, which meets every three weeks to 
review progress and provide feedback and guidance on Elastic’s sustainability efforts. The 
Steering Committee has climate-related responsibilities, including the development and 
execution of Elastic’s GHG reduction programs and efforts, and reports such matters to 
the Board. The Steering Committee is regularly kept apprised of climate-related risks and 
opportunities by the director of sustainability and ESG. Management monitors identified risks 
and opportunities, and related strategic initiatives are enhanced and updated accordingly.

Page 64:
64
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
64
TCFD recommendation Elastic disclosure
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities 
the organization has identified over the short, 
medium, and long term
Elastic defines short-, medium-, and long-term time horizons as follows:
• Short: up t
o 2030
• Medium: up to 2040
• Long:
 up to 2050
A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, or significant power outage could 
have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The impact 
of climate change may increase these risks due to changes in weather patterns, such as increases 
in storm intensity, sea-level rise, melting of permafrost and temperature extremes in areas where 
we or our suppliers and customers conduct business. We have a number of our employees and 
executive officers located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity and 
wildfires. In the event our or our partners’ abilities are hindered by any of the events discussed 
above, sales could be delayed, resulting in missed financial targets for a particular quarter.
As companies implement commitments to dramatically reduce supply chain GHG emissions, 
including IT-related practices, we may see an increase in revenues from our relatively  
carbon-efficient cloud products.
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning
An example of a quantifiable indicator for substantive financial risk is disaster recovery costs to 
restore Elastic to normal operations. An example of a quantifiable indicator for strategic impact is 
downtime percentages of our cloud products, which refers to time that Elastic cloud products and 
services are unavailable to customers due to a server outage. We prepare to mitigate these risks 
by ensuring our workforce has the ability to work remotely, which enables us to continue critical 
business operations and serve our customers and vendor partners.
Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, 
taking into consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario
Leveraging our recent greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions baselining exercise, and aligned with our 
commitment to set science-based GHG emissions reduction targets in line with climate science with 
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), Elastic is currently conducting a scenario analysis to 
understand the resiliency of our corporate strategy and emissions reduction efforts pursuant to the 
demands of a 1.5℃ future.
Strategy

Page 65:
65
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
65
TCFD recommendation Elastic disclosure
Describe the organization’s processes for identifying 
and assessing climate-related risks
Elastic considers the impact of current climate-related regulations such as the UK’s Climate 
Change Levy (CCl) and EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS). Our assessments consider how 
these regulations affect our operations in each affected market. We look at the geographical 
footprint of each location(s) to ensure we are addressing our exposures based on today’s 
environment and future developments. When analyses indicate potential significant financial 
impact, this information is considered in enterprise-level risk processes.
Describe the organization’s process for managing 
climate-related risks
Our Environmental Policy enshrines this commitment into the way we operate and covers 
roles and governance of climate and environmental matters at Elastic, such as energy, travel, 
and supply chain-related greenhouse gas emissions, among other topics. Please refer to the 
Environment section of this report for further information on our management approach.
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, 
and managing climate-related risks are integrated 
into the organization’s overall risk management
As described within Item 1a. Risk Factors section of our FY23 10-K filing, climate-related risks 
are assessed and integrated within our overall risk management.
Risk management

Page 66:
66
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
66
TCFD recommendation Elastic disclosure
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to 
assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line 
with its strategy and risk management process
According to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), 13 of Elastic’s top 20 suppliers, 
represented by FY22 spend, have committed to science-based GHG targets. This represents 
approximately 46% of our total FY22 spend.
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if appropriate,  
Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,  
and the related risks
See the Climate Change section of our Sustainability Report, where we have disclosed our 
inventory of Scope 1, Scope 2, and material categories of Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions for the three most recent reporting periods.
Describe the targets used by the organization to 
manage climate-related risks and opportunities and 
performance against targets
In order to support the urgent, global transition to a low-carbon economy, Elastic has signed the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) Commitment Letter, and over the next 6-12 months will 
formulate ambitious carbon reduction targets, aligned with the SBTi criteria.
Metrics & targets

Page 67:
67
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
67
Elastic and the  
UN Sustainable 
Development Goals
In 2015, the United Nations established the 
Sustainable Development Goals as a call to end 
poverty, protect the planet, and achieve peace 
and prosperity by 2030. At Elastic, we believe 
that we have the power and a role to play in the 
achievement of these goals. While every UN 
SDG plays a critical role in bettering our world, 
there are a handful that we can most genuinely 
impact through our business at Elastic.
UN SDG Justification Disclosure
05 
Gender Equality
• Gender pay
 equity 
initiatives
• ERGs
Gender equality is a priority at Elastic. W
e are committed to providing equal pay and opportunity to all of 
our employees, regardless of their gender. At Elastic, we are devoted to supporting women on our team 
through equal opportunity programs, flexible and equitable benefits, and initiatives to support a diverse, 
vibrant, and empowered workforce.
08  
Decent Work 
and Economic 
Growth
• Employ
ee benefits
• Employ
ee recruitment
• Talent de
velopment
We are committed to retaining and recruiting employees that align with our mission, our values, and 
who we are. Because we understand the value of our employees, we offer an array of benefits, talent 
development opportunities, and a recruitment process that works for all our employees, regardless of 
their situations.
10 
Reduced 
Inequalities
• ERGs
• DEI learning
• Functional Affirmativ
e 
Action Program (AAP) 
• Gender pay
 equity
At Elastic, we are taking strides to combat inequality and increase representation that reflects our 
customers and communities around the world. In 2022, we added structure to our DEI strategy and 
vision to guide our approach, and we continued initiatives that support and encourage an inclusive 
company culture.
12
Responsible 
Consumption 
and Production
• Energy
 management in  
the office
• Wast e management
• Sustainable supplier 
engagement
With t
he right approach to environmental management, we know we can have a tangible impact on 
our people, our company, and our planet. We are committed to implementing thoughtful sustainability 
practices and engagement with our stakeholders to mitigate our environmental impacts.


Page 68:
68
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
68
Elastic and the  
UN Sustainable 
Development Goals
(continued)
UN SDG Justification Disclosure
13 
Climate Action
• GHG emissions
• Understanding the  
carbon impact
• Energy
 management
• Wast
e management
We are committed to mitigating climate-related risks and understanding our climate impact. In 2022, we 
established baselines for our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions inventory and committed to setting a 
target aligned to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
16  
Peace, Justice, 
and Strong 
Institutions
• Data privacy
 & security 
initiatives, education,  
and programming
• Business ethics
A
t Elastic, ethics, compliance, and security are of the utmost importance to us. We operate and govern 
our company responsibly and strive to be transparent and accountable in our actions.
17 
Partnership for 
the Goals
• Nonprofit or
ganization 
(NPO) grant program
• Product societal impact
Pr
ogress is not possible without partnership. At Elastic, we recognize that we have a role to play in 
managing our direct impacts, and to support the sustainability ambitions of our customers and partners 
through innovation and access to our technologies.


Page 69:
69
Sustainability Report 2022
We’re Elastic Social GovernanceEnvironment Product societal impact Framework index
Framework index
69
Appendix
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Methodology
Elastic calculates its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
accounting standards, which includes the following emissions scope definitions: 
Scope 1
Scope 1 GHG Protocol definition: 
Direct GHG emissions occur from sources that are owned or controlled by Elastic, 
for example, emissions from combustion in owned or controlled boilers, furnaces, 
vehicles, etc.
Scope 1 emissions are the direct GHG emissions that originate from assets where 
Elastic has financial control including:
• Emissions from gas and ot
her fuel consumption used to generate heat in  
Elastic properties.
• Emissions from r
efrigerant gas leakages from office HVAC equipment where 
Elastic has financial control within its properties.
Scope 2
Scope 2 GHG Protocol definition: 
Scope 2 is an indirect emission category that includes GHG emissions from the 
generation of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat, or cooling consumed 
by Elastic.
Scope 2 emissions are the indirect GHG emissions that originate from assets where 
Elastic has Financial Control, including the use of electricity and district heating 
within Elastic’s properties. Elastic has calculated both location-based and market-
based emissions in line with Scope 2 reporting best practice in the GHG Protocol.
Scope 3
Scope 3 GHG Protocol definitions: 
Scope 3 is an optional reporting category that allows for the treatment of all other 
indirect emissions. Scope 3 emissions are a consequence of the activities of 
Elastic, but occur from sources not owned or controlled by Elastic.
The reported emissions for Categories 1, 2, and 4 represent an estimate based on 
spend based calculations and have therefore been rounded.
The reported emissions for Category 7 represent an estimate based on an open 
source homeworking carbon calculation methodology from EcoAct, and have 
therefore been rounded. The following Scope 3 categories are relevant to  
Elastic’s business:
Category 1 Purchased goods and services: Includes all upstream (i.e.,  
cradle-to-gate) emissions from the production of products purchased or acquired 
by Elastic in the reporting year. Products include both goods (tangible products) 
and services (intangible products).
Category 2 Capital goods: Includes all upstream (i.e., cradle-to-gate) emissions 
from the production of capital goods purchased or acquired by Elastic in the 
reporting year.
Category 3 Fuel and Energy related activities: Extraction, production, and 
transportation of fuels and energy purchased or acquired by Elastic in the 
reporting year, not already accounted for in scope 1 or scope 2.
Category 4 Upstream transportation and distribution: Transportation and 
distribution of products purchased in the reporting year, between Elastic’s tier 1 
suppliers and operations in vehicles not owned or operated by Elastic. Third-party 
transportation and distribution services purchased by Elastic in the reporting year 
(either directly or through an intermediary), including inbound logistics, outbound 
logistics (e.g. of sold products), and third-party transportation and distribution 
between Elastic’s own facilities.
Category 5 Emissions from waste generated in operations: Disposal and 
treatment of waste generated in Elastic’s operations in the reporting year (in 
facilities not owned or controlled by Elastic). It is optional to include emissions 
occurring from the transportation of waste.
Category 6 Business travel: Includes emissions from the transportation of 
employees for business related activities in vehicles owned or operated by third 
parties, such as aircraft, trains, buses, and passenger cars.
• Emissions from fuel consumptio
n used for business travel
• Fuel consumption fr
om rail, air, water, and land travel and hotels
Category 7 Employee commuting: This category includes emissions from the 
transportation of employees between their homes and their worksites. Companies 
may include emissions from teleworking (employees working remotely) in this 
category. Elastic’s scope 3 emissions from employee commuting include the scope 
1 and scope 2 emissions of employees and third-party transportation providers.
Category 8 Emissions from upstream leased assets: Operation of assets leased 
by Elastic (lessee) in the reporting year and not included in scope 1 and scope 2 
— reported by lessee. The scope 1 and scope 2 emissions of lessors that occur 
during Elastic’s operation of leased assets (e.g., from energy use).
Category 13 Emissions from downstream leased assets: Operation of assets 
owned by Elastic (lessor) and leased to other entities in the reporting year, not 
included in scope 1 and scope 2 — reported by lessor. The scope 1 and scope 2 
emissions of lessees that occur during the operation of leased assets (e.g., from 
energy use) should be included, while the life cycle emissions associated with 
manufacturing or constructing leased assets are optional.
Workforce Data
Workforce data was exported from our human capital management software 
vendor, Workday, based on demographic data and defined categories (some  
self-reported). The data was reviewed by Elastic’s Data Analytics team.
Note: Scope 3 Category 11 is relevant to Elastic’s operations but not included in emissions baseline due to a lack of data.

Page 70:
Forward-looking statements
This document may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking 
statements within the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. While these forward-looking statements 
represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include those described in our filings with the SEC, 
including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K, and other filings we make with the SEC from time to time. You are cautioned not 
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our opinions only as of the date of publication 
of this document. Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any 
revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events, unless required by law.
info@elastic.co

