Page 2:
Table of content
1
Presentation of the Group
6
General Description of the Company and 
1.1 Company Profile its Share Capital   
1.2 Strategy 6.1 Legal Information on the Company 
1.3 Description of the Business 6.2 Share Capital 
1.4 Regulation 6.3 Shareholder Structure 
6.4 Share Classes and Major Shareholders 
6.5 General Meeting of Shareholders and 
2
Risk Management & Control  
 Voting Rights 
2.1 Risk factors 6.6 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
2.2 Mitigation Measures 6.7 Obligations of Shareholders and Members 
2.3 Control Framework of the Managing Board to Disclose Holdings 
6.8 Short Positions 
6.9 Market Abuse Regime 
3
Empower sustainable finance  
 6.10 Transparency Directive 
3.1 Value Creation by Euronext 6.11 Dutch Financial Reporting Supervision Act
3.2 ESG Governance 6.12 Dividends and Other Distributions 
3.3 Relevant Standards 6.13 Financial Calendar 
3.4 Euronext's five ESG impact areas and  
the Sustainable Development Goals 
7
Operating and financial review  
3.5 Summary of ESG KPI 7.1 Overview 
Appendix - ESG section 7.2 Material contracts and related 
party transactions 
4
Corporate Governance 7.3 Legal Proceedings 
4.1 Dutch Corporate Governance Code, 
 7.4 Insurance
"Comply or Explain"  7.5 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
4.2 Management Structure  
 7.6 Tangible Fixed Assets 
4.3 Report of the Supervisory Board 
4.4 Remuneration Report of the Remuneration 
8
Financial Statements 
Committee 8.1 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
8.2 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
5
Selected historical consolidated financial 
 Income
information and other financial 8.3 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
information  8.4 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
5.1 Selected Historical Consolidated 8.5 Consolidated Statement of Changes 
Financial Information in Equity 
5.2 Other Financial Information Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
9
Other information
9.1 Profit Appropriation Section 
9.2  Independent auditor's report
Items above in the contents of the Universal 
Registration Document with the symbol 'DR' 
concern the Directors' Report within the meaning 
of Article 2:391 of the Dutch Civil Code
9.3 Limited assurance report of the 
independent auditor on Euronext N.V.’s
selected ESG Key Performance Indicators
Glossary, Concordance Tables & Annex 

Page 3:
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
including the Annual Financial Statements
Euronext N.V. (the “Company” or “Euronext” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a Dutch public company with 
limited liability (naamloze vennootschap), whose ordinary shares are admitted to listing and trading on regulated markets in 
the Netherlands, France, Belgium and Portugal. The applicable regulations with respect to public  information and 
protection of investors, as well as the commitments made by the Company to securities and market authorities, are 
described in this Universal Registration Document (the “Universal Registration Document”).
In addition to historical information, this Universal Registration Document includes forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements are generally identified by the use of forward-looking words, such as “anticipate”, “believe”, 
“estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan”, “project”, “predict”, "target", “will”, “should”, “may” or other variations of such terms, or by 
discussion of strategy. These statements relate to Euronext’s future prospects, developments and business strategies and 
are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These forward-looking 
statements represent the view of Euronext only as of the dates they are made, and Euronext disclaims any obligation to 
update forward-looking statements, except as may be otherwise required by law. The forward-looking statements in this 
Universal Registration Document involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause 
Euronext’s actual future results, performance and achievements to differ materially from those forecasted or suggested 
herein. These include changes in general economic and business conditions, as well as the factors described in section 2.1 - 
Risk Factors of this Universal Registration Document .
This universal registration document has been filed with the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the “AFM”) on 28 March 
2024 as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 without prior approval pursuant to Article 9 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. This universal registration document may be used for the purposes of an offer to the public of securities or 
admission of securities to trading on a regulated market if approved by the AFM together with any amendments, if 
applicable, and a securities note and summary approved in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
This copy of the annual financial reporting of Euronext N.V. for the year ended 31 December 2023 is not presented in the 
ESEF-format as specified in the Regulatory Technical Standards on ESEF (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815). The ESEF 
single reporting packaqe is available at: 
https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/financial-reports
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 1

Page 4:
A message from Stéphane Boujnah, our Chief Executive 
Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board
Dear Shareholders
In 2023, Euronext was able to demonstrate that it is more diversified and stronger than ever. 
Euronext reached record revenue close to €1.5 billion in 2023, resulting from the strong 
performance of our non-volume related activities and excellent performance of our fixed 
income and power trading franchises. Thanks to our trademark cost discipline, positive FX 
impacts and a one-off accruals release, we reported lower costs than our 2023 cost 
guidance. As a result, we achieved an adjusted EBITDA of €864.7 million, which translated 
into an adjusted EPS of €5.51. Consequently, we will propose a total dividend of €256.8 
million at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2024.
Importantly, in 2023, we were able to demonstrate once again our exceptional integration 
capabilities. We delivered some of the key milestones of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ 
strategic plan. With the successful migration of Borsa Italiana’s cash markets to Optiq®, 
Euronext was able to reinforce its leadership in cash equity trading across Europe. We are 
today uniting 25% of European equity trading on Euronext’s single technology platform, 
forming the largest liquidity pool in Europe. 
In November 2023, we established Euronext Clearing as the CCP of choice for Euronext's 
cash markets, with the expansion of its offering to Belgium, France, Ireland, the Netherlands 
and Portugal. We also set MTS as a recognized interdealer platform for the implementation 
of electronic market making on European Union issued debt instruments, with very dynamic 
first volumes. These projects have contributed to the €74 million of run-rate cumulated 
EBITDA  synergies delivered by end of 2023, above the €70 million 2023 intermediary target. 
This is already more than the €60 million of run-rate cumulated EBITDA synergies targeted 
for the end of 2024 we initially announced in April 2021, at the time of the completion of the 
Borsa Italiana Group acquisition.
Throughout the year, we continued to consolidate our leadership position in the listing  of 
equities in Europe, welcoming 64 new companies on our market, and attracting the majority 
of international listings in Europe. In addition, we continued to support the financing of the 
real economy through capital markets, with more than 300 issuers that raised €20 billion on 
Euronext through follow-on transactions to fund their growth and investment projects. We 
consolidated our position as the first debt listing venue worldwide, with more than 55,000 
total bonds listed on our market. Euronext has also further solidified its position as the world 
leading venue for sustainable bonds, with more than 450 new ESG bond listings in 2023 
raising more than €280 billion. 
In July 2023, we disposed our 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Together with our strong cash 
generation capabilities, this enabled us to perform a €200 million share buy-back 
programme over the second half of the year. This programme did not impact our 
deleveraging path. At the end of 2023, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio reached 1.9x. 
This compares to 3.2x post acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group in 2021.
In 2024, we will bring the Italian derivatives markets to our single trading platform, Optiq®. 
Euronext Clearing will become the clearing house for listed derivatives and commodities 
markets in Q3 2024. This strategic transformation will result in Euronext's presence across 
the entire trading value chain on the markets it operates, ideally positioned to capture future 
growth opportunities. We are well on track to deliver on our upgraded target of €115 million 
of cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024, as well as our medium-term 
revenue and EBITDA growth targets for 2024 set in the 'Growth for Impact 2024' strategic 
plan.
2024 marks the 10 years anniversary of Euronext since its IPO, and allows us to observe the 
exceptional growth transformation the group has undergone during the last 10 years. We 
have expanded across the entire trading value chain, and have extended the range of 
products we provide to our clients, such as power trading, forex or fixed income. The 
delivery of the last bricks of our strategic plan will unlock new innovation capabilities for us, 
which we will further detail with the release of our new strategic plan for 2027 on our 
investor day in November 2024.
Stéphane Boujnah
"The migration of Borsa 
Italiana’s derivatives to Optiq in 
Q1 2024 and the expansion of 
Euronext Clearing to Euronext 
listed derivatives by Q3 2024 
will complete our presence on 
the entire trading value chain 
and will position Euronext 
ideally to capture future 
growth opportunities.
As we celebrate the 10 year 
anniversary of our IPO in 2024, I 
am looking forward to deep-
dive into the opportunities that 
this transformation will offer 
for Euronext in the coming 
years at our Investors Day in 
November 2024."
Stéphane Boujnah
2
 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Page 5:
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 3
Successful 
expansion of 
Euronext Clearing 
to Euronext 
Amsterdam, 
Brussels, Dublin, 
Paris and Lisbon 
cash markets 
Launch of MTS EU  
as interdealer 
platform for the 
electronic market 
making on 
European Union 
debt instruments  
€200 million share 
repurchase 
programme 
completed
Expansion of 
Euronext GEM 
retail offering for 
pan-European and 
US securities
First listing venue 
in Europe
Second edition of 
Euronext Tech 
Leaders Campus
First pan-
European 
Euronext 
Sustainability 
WeekS&P upgrades 
Euronext 
to 'BBB+', stable 
outlook Validation of 
Euronext's 
emission reduction 
targets by the 
Science Based 
Target initiative
Signature of the 
Women's 
Empowerment 
Principles by 
Euronext
Successful 
migration of Borsa 
Italiana cash 
markets to 
Euronext's Optiq® 
trading platform


Page 6:
A record performance in 2023
 
Evolution of revenue 
in €m
1,299 1,419 1,475
2021 2022 2023
€1,475m €865m 58.6%
+3.9% +0.4%
ADJUSTED 
EBITDA MARGINREVENUE ADJUSTED EBITDA
90.9%1) €5.51 €257m2)
 EBITDA TO 
NET OPERATING 
CASH FLOW ADJUSTED EPS DIVIDEND PROPOSED
Continued progress on the Borsa Italiana Group integration 
and strategic projects delivered in 2023
Synergies achieved above the interim target of €70 million by end of 2023
€74m
Successful migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq®
Successful expansion of Euronext Clearing as pan-European clearing house for cash markets
RUN-RATE 
SYNERGIES 
DELIVERED
€103 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of 2023
The migration of Italian derivatives markets to Optiq in Q1 2024 and the expansion of Euronext Clearing  to 
Euronext listed derivatives by Q3 2024  will significantly contribute to reaching the targeted €115 million 
run-rate annual EBITDA synergies by end of 2024.
A more diversified revenue base with non-volume related revenue 
accounting for 60% of total revenue and income of €1,475 m
Listing
15.0%
Cash trading
18.0%
Derivatives trading
3.7%
Fixed income trading
7.3%FX
trading
1.7%
Power 
trading
2.5%
Investor 
Services
0.8%
Advanced 
data services
15.2%
Clearing
8.2%
Custody
& Settlement
16.9%
Technology
Solutions
7.5%
NTI
3.2%
Others
0.1%
Others includes other income and transitional revenue
1) Excluding the impact on working capital of Nord Pool and Euronext Clearing CCP activities
2) Subject to shareholders approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting
Underlying revenue and income as well as Adjusted EBITDA are defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial Information
4
 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Page 7:
Key figures
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 5
1,299
1,419 1,475
2021 2022 2023
771
862 865
2021 2022 2023
5.47 5.21 5.51
2021 2022 2023
1.93
2.22
2.48
2021 2022 2023
Adjusted EPS(a)
€
Dividend per share(b)
€
Revenue
€ million
Adjusted EBITDA(a)
€ million
(a) Definitions in Section 5.2 
(b) Subject to shareholders approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting
(c) Non-volume related revenue include Advanced Data Services, Custody and Settlement, Technology Solutions, Listing exc. IPO fees, Investors 
Services, fixed fees arising from Clearing activities and NTI through CCP activities
60%
Non-volume related 
revenue(c)
145%
of underlying(a) costs 
exc. D&A covered by 
non-volume related 
revenue(C)
1.9x
Net debt to 
Adjusted EBITDA at 
the end of 2023

Page 8:
THE LEADING EUROPEAN MARKET 
INFRASTRUCTURE
OUR AMBITION OUR PURPOSE OUR MISSION
Build the leading market 
infrastructure in Europe
Shape capital markets 
for future generations
Connect European 
economies to global 
capital markets, to 
accelerate innovation and 
sustainable growth
EURONEXT FEDERAL MODEL
Euronext is the leading 
European market infrastructure, 
spanning Belgium, Denmark, France, 
Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal 
and Norway.
This unique model unites marketplaces 
that date back as far as the start of the 
17th century, and is designed to 
incorporate the individual strengths 
and assets of each market, combining 
heritage and forward-looking modernity.
We operate seven national regulated 
securities and derivatives markets in 
Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin, Lisbon, 
Milan, Oslo and Paris, a regulated 
derivatives market in Bergen, a leading 
fixed-income trading platform, MTS, 
as well as four central securities 
depositories, a clearing house and 
services across Europe.
OTHER OFFICES
NEW YORK
SINGAPORE
DELHI
BANGALORE
Euronext historical presence
Central Securities Depositories
7 Regulated markets
Technology centers
Offices
Clearing house
6
 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
PARIS
MADRIDPORTO
LISBON
MILAN
ROME
ISERNIA
FRANKFURT
BRUSSELS
LONDON
DUBLIN AMSTERDAM ZWAAG
BERLIN
COPENHAGEN
BERGEN OSLO STOCKHOLM
ESPOO HELSINKI
TALLINN
ROTTERDAM


Page 9:
18 2,300+ 63
COUNTRIES EMPLOYEES REPRESENTING NATIONALITIES
EURONEXT VALUE CHAIN(*)
Primary markets
Issuers
#1 Equity listing venue 
in Europe with 64 new listings
Nearly 1,900 issuers 
representing €6.6tn 
market cap
#1 debt listing venue globally 
and #1 for ESG bonds
Services
Euronext Corporate 
Services
Investor Services
Secondary markets
Investors
Trading members
#1 trading venue in Europe 
representing
25% European equity trading
65.1% market share 
in cash trading
€10.1bn Cash ADV
3,800+ ETFs listed
Leading derivatives franchise
#1 bond trading venue 
in Europe for D2D EGB (1)
Powered by
Optiq® trading 
platform
100% Green Core
Data Centre
Colocation services
Advanced Data 
Services
Leading index franchise
including the AEX®, 
BEL 20®, CAC 40®, ISEQ 20®, 
OBX®, PSI® and the MIB® ESG
Post-Trade
Clearing services
1 multi asset-class clearing house
120m+ contracts cleared
Network of CSDs
3rd largest CSD operator in Europe
€6.7tn AUC
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 7
Data as of 31 December 2023

Page 10:
EURONEXT’S 2024 STRATEGIC PLAN 
GROWTH FOR IMPACT 2024
EURONEXT’S KEY STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
Leverage 
Euronext’s 
integrated value 
chain
Pan-Europanise 
Euronext
 CSDs
Build upon 
Euronext’s 
leadership 
in Europe
Empower 
sustainable 
finance
Execute 
value-creative 
M&A
Key projects timeline
2021 2022 2023 2024
Successful 
migration 
of Euronext Core 
Data Centre
Bring Italian 
markets to Optiq®
Q1 2024
Derivatives 
markets 
Euronext Clearing 
to offer clearing 
services to all 
Euronext markets
Migrations are subject to declaration of non-objection from the relevant regulators
Cost guidance for 2024
“IN 2024, EURONEXT WILL CONTINUE ITS COSTS CONTROL POLICY AND EXPECTS THAT 
SAVINGS AND SYNERGIES WILL OFFSET INFLATION AND 2023 COSTS RAMP-UP. AS A 
RESULT, EURONEXT EXPECTS ITS 2024 UNDERLYING EXPENSES EXCLUDING D&A TO BE 
AROUND €625 MILLION, INCLUDING AROUND €10 MILLION TO FINANCE GROWTH PROJECTS 
AND EXCLUDING POTENTIAL IMPACT FROM FX OVER THE YEAR.” 
8
 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
Cash markets 
achieved in Q4 2023
Q3 2024
(Listed derivatives 
and commodities 
markets)
Cash markets 
migrated in 2023

Page 11:
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 9

Page 12:
“FIT FOR 1.5°” 
CLIMATE COMMITMENT
1 FOR EURONEXT: Commit to the alignment of our own emissions with a 1.5-degree trajectory, the most 
demanding climate ambition, under the Science-Based Targets initiative.
Emission reduction targets validated by SBTI Progress achieved in 2023
Operational emission reduction target
• 73.5% reduction of Euronext’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-
based greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 compared to 2020
• At least 46.2% reduction of Euronext’s Scope 3 travel emissions 
by 2030 compared to 2019
• Combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 
(market-based) emissions decreased 
by 79% compared to 2020, primarily 
attributed to the adoption of green 
electricity and renewable energy 
sources
• Scope 3 travel emissions decreased 
by 37.6% compared to 2019, signaling 
progress despite gradual travel 
resumption
• 32% of suppliers, representing over 72% 
of emissions from purchased goods and 
services, established SBTi targets by 
December 2023
Supplier engagement target
• By 2027, Euronext suppliers, representing 72% of Euronext’s 
greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and 
services, must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions
Action plan per target 
Scope 1 Consolidation and energy efficiency upgrades in the building portfolio, energy efficiency 
investments, de-commissioning of gas-fired boilers and de-commissioning of vehicle fleet
Scope 2 Moving office space and data centres to renewable energy, including through the move of 
Euronext’s Core Data Centre
Scope 3 Implementation of sustainable travel programme
Supplier engagement
Actively establishing and executing a supplier engagement program aimed at achieving our 
SBTi supplier engagement target. The initiative includes the implementation of supplier 
incentives, a specialized training program, and effective communication strategies 
The targets will be achieved without purchase of any offsetting credit
2 FOR OUR CLIENTS: Deploy a full suite of climate-focused products and services, facilitating the European 
trajectory towards sustainable growth.
Launched +440 ESG indices
• Euronext Biodiversity 
Enablers index, 1st world 
benchmark index on 
biodiversity
• ESG versions of its 
benchmark indices, including 
the CAC® 40 ESG, MIB ESG, 
AEX®  ESG, BEL® ESG, and 
OBX® ESG, CAC SBT 1.5
Leading venue for ESG bonds
• N°1 worldwide listing venue 
for ESG bonds in 2023, with 
almost 500 new bond 
listings
• N°1 global venue for ESG bond 
issuers and amount raised, 
with +2,200 ESG bonds, from 
+500 issuers, accounting for 
+1.3tn€
My ESG Profile
• 1st stock exchange to make 
standardized ESG data of its 
issuers available 
• +1,900 company ESG 
profiles containing +60,000 
data points on Euronext 
Live
10
 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Page 13:
THE DUAL DRIVERS 
OF OUR MISSION
STAKEHOLDERS EXPECTATIONS AND MATERIALITY MATRIX
Euronext conducted a stakeholder consultation in 2018 and 2019 to identify its material ESG issues. Based on the results, eleven key 
issues were defined and grouped into five material impact areas, ranking them in terms of their importance to stakeholders and the 
ESG impact they could have. These are illustrated in the below materiality matrix. 
Additionally, in 2023, Euronext launched a new stakeholder engagement initiative to conduct a double materiality assessment 
in accordance with the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (further information in section 3.1).
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 11
Driving investment 
in innovative, sustainable
products and services
through secure and transparent
markets, in continuous dialogue
between the players of
the financial community Inspiring and promoting
sustainable tangible practices
within the company
and towards our communities,
by respecting and developing
our people and by supporting
our ecosystem
OUR MARKETS
OUR PARTNERS
OUR PEOPLE
OUR SOCIETY
OUR ENVIRONMENT

Page 14:
BUSINESS MODEL  
 
INPUTS
Financial capital
The pool of funds that is available 
to an organization for use in the 
production of goods or the 
provision of services or obtained 
through financing: Listing fees, 
trading fees, clearing fees, 
market data’s fees, …
Intellectual capital
Organizational, knowledge- based 
intangibles, including intellectual 
property, such as patents, 
copyrights, software, rights and 
licenses
Human capital
Skills, team, people, 
knowledge, …
Social capital
The institutions and the 
relationships within
and between communities, 
groups of stakeholders
and other networks, and the 
ability to share information to 
enhance individual and collective 
well-being
Natural capital
All renewable and non-renewable 
environmental resources and 
processes that provide goods or 
services, i.e. energy, database
12
 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
FIT FOR 1.5°
Develop capital market solutions for a carbon neutral 
European economy
Implement a forward-looking and outcome-based 
approach across all its impact areas, including human 
capital, community investment and governance issues 
that are material to its industry with a view to improving 
its overall ESG ratings relative to peers
Commit to setting science-based quantitative climate 
targets by signing the “Business Ambition for 1.5°C”
     
DRIVERS OF THE MISSION
Our mission to connect local economies to global 
markets, to accelerate innovation and sustainable 
growth is driven by internal and external factors that 
guide our actions and shape our goal to accelerate 
the transition to a more sustainable economy. 
Driving investment in innovative, sustainable products 
and services through secure and transparent markets, in 
continuous collaboration with the financial community
Inspiring and promoting sustainable tangible practices 
within the company and towards our communities, by 
respecting and developing our people and by supporting 
our ecosystem.
Euronext’s mission: to connect local 
economies to global markets, to accelerate 
innovation and sustainable growth
Euronext ESG focus: to accelerate the 
transition to a more sustainable economy 

Page 15:
11
KEY 
ISSUES
• Organise a trusted, fair, 
transparent and efficient 
market, thereby enhancing 
access to capital 
• Promote and develop 
sustainable and 
innovative products
• Foster “Issuer-Investor” 
dialogue
• Maintain an ongoing 
dialogue with multi-
stakeholder partnerships
• Educate partners 
on financial literacy 
and Regulations
• Develop skills and retain 
talents in an open culture of 
dialogue
• Promote diversity
• Respect human rights 
and local labour laws
• Act ethically, with integrity 
and the highest standards 
in terms 
of good governance
• Educate and engage 
with local communities
• Reduce our own carbon 
footprint and contribute to 
the protection of the 
environment 
5
IMPACT 
AREAS
OUR MARKETS
OUR PARTNERS
OUR PEOPLE
OUR SOCIETY
OUR ENVIRONMENT
OUTPUTS
Financial capital
Net operating income, 
Dividend, Capital raised, 
Market cap, EPS, 
Share price
Social capital
Access to capital, Shareholder 
value, Transparent and reliable 
market place, Services to issuers, 
Sustainable products, 
Deep liquidity pool
Human capital
Talent development, 
Financial education
Natural capital
Carbon footprint reduction
Intellectual capital
Development of new products 
and services
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 13
8 SDGs identified based on our impact areas 
                     


Page 16:
Euronext N.V. is a Dutch public company 
with a two-tier governance
Euronext Supervisory Board and Committees
Committees of the Supervisory Board
Independent Audit Risk Remuneration Nomination 
& Governance
Piero Novelli
Chair 58
 ☑ ● Chair
Dick Sluimers
Vice-Chair 70
 ☑ Chair ●
Nathalie Rachou 66
 ☑ Chair ●
Morten Thorsrud 52
 ☑ ● Chair
Rika Coppens 51
 ☑ ● ●
Manuel Ferreira Da Silva 66
 ☑ ● ●
Padraic O'Connor 74
 ☑ ● ●
Alessandra Ferone 53
 ● ●
Olivier Sichel 56
Diana Chan 69
 ● ● ● ●
14
9
Supervisory Board 
meetings held in 2023
99%
Attendance rate
10
Members
70%
Independent members
8
Nationalities
40%
Women
61.5
Average age
Euronext Supervisory Board at a glance

Page 17:
Euronext Managing Board
Name Position
Stéphane Boujnah 59
 CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board
Delphine D'Amarzit 50
 CEO Euronext Paris
Fabrizio Testa 55
 CEO Board Italiana and Head of Fixed Income Trading
Simone Huis In't Veld 53
 CEO Euronext Amsterdam
Simon Gallagher
Appointment subject to shareholders 
approval in May 2024
50
 CEO Euronext London and Head of Global Sales
Øivind Amundsen 56
 CEO Oslo Børs
Isabel Ucha 58
 CEO Euronext Lisbon
Daryl Byrne 52
 CEO Euronext Dublin
Benoît van den Hove 48
 CEO Euronext Brussels
Manuel Bento 49
 COO
Permanent attendees to the Managing Board
Senior management Role Senior management Role
Giorgio Modica 50
 Group CFO Angelo Proni 57
 CEO of MTS
Sylvia Andriessen 58
 General Counsel Mathieu Caron 45
 Head of Primary Markets
Camille Beudin 39
 Head of Diversified Services Aurélie Cohen 36
 Chief Communications 
and Investor Relations Officer
Amaury Houdart 48
 Chief Talent Officer Pierre Davoust 37
 Head of CSDs
Tatyana Valkova 40
 Head of Compliance and Risks Daniela Melato 47
 Head of Group Data Services
Anthony Attia 49
 Global Head of Derivatives 
and Post-Trade Nicolas Rivard 46
 Global Head of Cash Equity 
and Data Services
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 15

Page 18:
Shareholding structure as of December 2023
The shareholding structure as of 31 December 2023 was as follows.
Shareholder Number of shares % of capital
Reference shareholders (a)  25,501,046  23.81% 
Treasury Shares  3,440,126  3.21% 
of which shares repurchased under the share repurchase programme  2,870,632  2.68% 
Employees  123,015  0.11% 
Free float  78,042,107  72.86% 
TOTAL  107,106,294  100.00% 
(a) Only includes the shares held within the Reference Shareholders Agreement
(b) Treasury shares include shares acquired as part of the share repurchase programme, carried between 31 July 2023 and 4 January 2024, which will be 
cancelled
Geographic breakdown of the shareholders as of 31 December 2023
United States, 27.2%
United Kingdom, 15.2%
France, 18.2%
Belgium, 10.2%
Italy, 9.3%
Netherlands, 4.3%
Rest of Europe, 5.1%
Rest of the World, 10.5%
Source: Euronext shareholders identification data
Euronext Reference Shareholders as of 31 December 2023
Name of reference shareholder Number of 
shares
Individual 
shareholding 
(% of capital)
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations  7,840,000  7.32% 
CDP Equity  7,840,000  7.32% 
Euroclear S.A./N.V.  4,284,252  4.00% 
Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement/ Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij  3,391,200  3.17% 
Intesa SanPaolo  1,606,594  1.50% 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. through its subsidiary ABN AMRO Participaties Fund I B.V.  539,000  0.50% 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDING (a) 25,501,046  23.81% 
(a) Only includes the shares held within the Reference Shareholders Agreement.
On 8 March 2024, an announcement was published confirming that Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations and CDP 
Equity agreed with Euroclear S.A./N.V. to acquire from Euroclear respectively 2,142,126, 535,531 and 535,531 shares in the share capital of Euronext N.V., representing 
respectively 2.0%, 0.5% and 0.5% of the share capital of the Company. 
16


Page 19:
Euronext share
Euronext shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Brussels, Euronext Lisbon and Euronext Paris since June 2014.
Euronext share price performance since IPO
Company Information
▪ Postal Address: Beursplein 5, NL-1012 JW 
Amsterdam, Netherlands
▪ Phone: +31 (0)20 72 14 400
▪ Website: https://www.euronext.com
Investors Relations
▪ Website: 
https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations
▪ Email: ir@euronext.com
▪ Postal Address: 14 place des Reflets, 92054 Paris La 
Défense Cedex, France
▪ Phone: +33 (0)1 70 48 24 17
Indices 
Euronext is part of more than 140 indices, including the CAC 
Next 20, SBF 120, MSCI Standard Series, Stoxx 600 Financial 
Services, Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40 and 
CAC SBT 1.5
2024 Financial Calendar
Financial release Date
First Quarter 2024 Results 14 May 2024
Annual General Meeting 15 May 2024
Second Quarter and First Half 2024 Results 25 July 2024
Third Quarter 2024 Results 7 November 2024
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 17
€8.4bn
market 
capitalisation 
as of 31/12/23
ENX:FP
on Bloomberg
ENX.PA
on Reuters
+13.7%
share price 
evolution in 
2023

Page 20:
1 Presentation of the Group
18


Page 21:
1
1.1 Company Profile 1.4 Regulation
1.1.1 History 1.4.1 Overview
1.1.2 Ambition 1.4.2 European Regulation
1.1.3 Business Environment 1.4.3 Ownership Limitations and Additional 
Notification Requirements 
1.2 Strategy: "Growth for Impact 2024" 
Strategic Plan
1.2.1 " Growth for Impact 2024", mapping path to build 
the leading market infrastructure in Europe
1.2.2 Strategic Developments in 2023
1.2.3 Strategic Targets and Prospects in 2024
1.3 Description of the Business
1.3.1 Business Overview
1.3.2 Strengths
1.3.3 Listing
1.3.4 Trading
1.3.5 Advanced Data Services
1.3.6 Investor Services
1.3.7 Post Trade
1.3.8 Euronext Technology Solutions & Other
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 19

Page 22:
1. PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
1.1 Company Profile
Euronext N.V. is a Dutch public company with limited liability 
(naamloze vennootschap ) with its registered office in 
Amsterdam. the Netherlands, Euronext N.V. is registered with 
the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce for 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under number 60234520. 
Euronext N.V. has its main subsidiaries in Belgium, Denmark, 
France, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Italy, the 
United Kingdom and the United States . Euronext N.V. has 
diversified its activities and services offering through 
selected acquisitions (please refer to section 1.1.1 - History) 
and expanded its European federal model, with the 
acquisition of 100% of the Irish Stock Exchange on 27 March 
2018, 100% of Oslo Børs VPS on 4 July 2019, 100% of VP 
Securities, in Copenhagen, on 4 August 2020 and 100% of 
London Stock Exchange Group Holdings Italia S.p.A. (renamed 
Euronext Holding Italia S.p.A. after the acquisition) and its 
subsidiaries (Borsa Italiana Group) on 29 April 2021. 
Euronext N.V. has a two-tier governance structure with a 
Supervisory Board and a Managing Board.
Euronext was incorporated under the name Euronext Group 
N.V. on 15  March 2014 in the context of a demerger of 
Euronext N.V., which was a company owned by ICE. Euronext 
Group N.V. changed its name to Euronext N.V. on 2 May 2014 . 
The following chart provides an overview of Euronext N.V. 
main entities as of 31 December 2023. Percentages refer to 
both share of capital and voting rights.
100%
Euronext Paris S.A. Sicovam Holding S.A. 
9.6%*
100%
Euronext London Ltd
100%
Euronext UK Holding Ltd
100%
Commcise Software Ltd
Euronext N.V. 100% Euronext Holding Italia 
S.p.a.
99.99%
Borsa Italiana S.p.A
98.92%
Monte Titoli S.p.A.
75% 63.14% 99.99%
GATElab S.r.l. Elite S.p.A. MTS S.p.A. Cassa di Compensazione e 
Garanzia S.p.A.
100% Euronext Lisbon S.A. 100% Interbolsa S.A.
100%
Euronext Amsterdam N.V.
100% Euronext Brussels
100% Euronext Nordics Holding 
AS
66%
Nord Pool Holding AS
100% 100% 5%
Oslo Børs ASA Verdipapirsentralen ASA Nordic Credit 
Rating AS
100% VP Securities AS
100% Irish Stock Exchange Plc
100%
Euronext US Inc.
100%
Euronext FX
100% Euronext IP & IT Holding 
B.V.
100% Euronext Corporate 
Services B.V.
Euroclear N.V./S.A. 3.34%*
EuroCTP 18.95%
*Sicovam owns a 15.89% stake in Euroclear and Irish Stock Exchange plc owns 0.19% in Euroclear
1 Presentation of the Group
20


Page 23:
1.1.1 HISTORY
Today, Euronext is the leading pan-European market 
infrastructure, offering a diverse range of products and 
services across the value chain and notably operating 
transparent and efficient equity, fixed income securities and 
derivatives markets in Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin (since 
March 2018), Lisbon, Milan (since April 2021), Oslo (since June 
2019) and Paris. Euronext’s businesses comprise equity, debt, 
fund and ETF listing, corporate and investor services, cash 
trading, foreign exchange trading, derivatives trading, fixed 
income trading, power trading, advanced data services and 
post-trade services (including clearing across Euronext 
markets and custody and settlement in Denmark, Italy, 
Norway and Portugal) as well as technology solutions. As of 
the end of December 2023, Euronext has close to 1,930 listed 
equity issuers totalling around €6.6 trillion in combined 
market capitalisation, positioning it as the largest equity 
listing venue in Europe, and attracting the majority of listings 
from domestic and international companies in Europe. The 
Group is also the leading bond and ESG bond listing venue 
globally with over 55,000 bonds listed. Further, Euronext is 
the largest equity lit trading venue in Europe, processing over 
25% of on-exchange lit trading flows in 2023 . On the seven 
national markets it operates, the Group reported on average a 
65.1% market share on cash equity lit trading. Euronext is 
about to be present on the full trading value chain, ranging 
from listing to custody and settlement, following the clearing 
migration in 2023 and its second phase planned for 2024.
Euronext in its original form was created in 2000 and takes its 
roots from the European construction. It began as the result 
of a three-way merger of the Paris, Amsterdam and Brussels 
exchanges, which were combined into a unique federal model 
with unified rules and a Single Order Book, operating on the 
same electronic trading platform and cleared by LCH S.A. 
central counterparty (CCP). This created the first genuinely 
cross-border exchange in Europe, pre-dating all initiatives by 
policy makers to allow for the creation of pan-European 
market places. This was complemented soon after by the 
acquisition of the London-based derivatives market, LIFFE, 
and the merger with the Portuguese exchange.
In May 2006, Euronext entered into an agreement with NYSE 
group for the combination of their respective businesses. The 
new holding company of these combined businesses, NYSE 
Euronext, was subsequently listed on the New York Stock 
Exchange and on Euronext Paris.
In 2010, NYSE Euronext launched Euronext London, a London-
based securities market aiming at attracting international 
issuers looking to list in London and benefit from Euronext’s 
value proposition1.
In November 2013, ICE, an operator of global markets and 
clearing houses, acquired NYSE Euronext. A key element of 
the overall transaction was the separation and IPO of NYSE 
Euronext’s continental European exchanges as a stand-alone 
entity. In order to do this, ICE carved out the continental 
European operations of NYSE Euronext and Euronext London 
into a newly formed entity, which was subsequently renamed 
Euronext N.V. Since its successful IPO on 20 June 2014, 
Euronext N.V. has been an independent listed company.
In May 2016, Euronext N.V. launched its strategic plan named 
“Agility for Growth” which defined its growth ambitions for 
2019, both through organic growth and bolt-on acquisitions. In 
2017, Euronext N.V. diversified its revenue, through the 
acquisition of 90% of the shares of the spot forex platform 
FastMatch (subsequently renamed Euronext FX), and by 
investing in corporate services companies. 
In 2018, Euronext N.V. expanded its listing franchise, 
welcoming a new exchange to its federal model with the 
acquisition of the Irish Stock Exchange, now Euronext Dublin. 
The Group also strengthened its Corporate Services offering 
with the acquisition of InsiderLog and widened its product 
offering with the launch of Investor Services through the 
acquisition of Commcise in December 2018.
In 2019, Euronext N.V. pursued the expansion of its federal 
model with the acquisition of Oslo Børs VPS, strengthening its 
capital markets footprint and its post-trade franchise and 
marking the first step in its Nordic expansion ambitions. In 
October 2019, Euronext launched its strategic plan, "Let's 
Grow Together 2022" under which Euronext built the leading 
pan-European market infrastructure, and which targets have 
been achieved two years in advance.
In 2020, Euronext N.V. pursued both its Nordic and federal 
model expansion. The Group acquired a majority stake in Nord 
Pool, a leading power trading infrastructure operating in the 
Nordic region, Baltics and the Central and Western Europe 
region, widening its range of asset classes. The Group also 
strengthened its post-trade offering with the acquisition of 
VP Securities, now Euronext Securities Copenhagen, the 
Danish domestic CSD, and expanded its corporate services 
franchise with the acquisition of Troisième Sens and Ticker. 
In 2021, Euronext N.V. pursued both its federal model and 
asset class expansion with the transformational acquisition 
of 100% of the issued share capital of London Stock Exchange 
Group Holdings Italia S.p.A., the holding company of the Borsa 
Italiana Group. The transaction, which was completed on 29 
April 2021, significantly enhances the scale of Euronext, 
diversifies its business mix into new asset classes and 
strengthens its post-trade activities, especially in clearing. In 
November 2021, Euronext N.V. launched its new strategic 
plan "Growth for Impact 2024", which sets out the Group's 
ambition to build the leading market infrastructure in Europe. 
Under this plan, Euronext N.V. will continue to pursue its 
mission to connect European economies to global capital 
markets, to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. 
The Group aims to make an impact on its industry and its 
ecosystem to shape capital markets for future generations.
In 2023, Euronext N.V. delivered on significant milestones of 
its "Growth for Impact 2024" strategic plan. Euronext 
successfully completed the migration of the cash markets of 
Borsa Italiana to Euronext's state-of-the-art trading platform 
Optiq®. This paved the way for the expansion of Euronext 
Clearing to Euronext Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin, Paris, and 
Lisbon cash markets. These two major projects contributed 
to the €74 million synergies delivered as of end of 2023.
The Borsa Italiana Group integration programme is well 
advanced and has allowed Euronext to upgrade its 2024 
cumulated run-rate annual EBITDA synergy target since the 
closing of the Borsa Italiana acquisition in April 2021 to €115 
million, representing twice the amount announced in October 
2020, when the acquisition was first announced (€60 million).
1.1.2 AMBITION
Euronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure. 
Its core mission is to connect European economies to global 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 21
1 Ceased activities June 2020

Page 24:
capital markets, to accelerate innovation and sustainable 
growth. The Group's ambition and driver of its strategy is to 
build the leading market infrastructure in Europe. In 2023, 
Euronext confirmed its positioning as the leading European 
listing and trading venue with 64 new equity listings and 
average daily cash trading volumes of €10.1 billion.
As a European group with a profile that is ‘united in diversity’, 
Euronext aims to play a constructive role in its local 
ecosystems and act as an industry problem-solver while 
contributing to making Europe an attractive block in a 
multipolar world. Euronext believes that the Group’s model is 
best suited to contribute to the construction of a true 
European market. It operates regulated markets in Belgium, 
France, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal, 
all of which are connected via a unique, single trading 
platform, with a central order book and with a harmonised 
regulatory framework2. Euronext has a proven track record in 
connecting other independent exchanges to its single trading 
platform, as demonstrated with the migration of Euronext 
Dublin in 2019 and the migration of Oslo Børs markets in 2020, 
as well as the migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq ® in 
2023. Euronext’s unique central order book allows investors 
to benefit from being able to trade, clear and settle in a 
uniform way throughout various jurisdictions while also 
accessing a broad and deep pool of liquidity.
As an operator of regulated capital markets, Euronext brings 
together buyers and sellers in venues that are transparent, 
efficient and reliable. The Group combines cash, fixed income 
securities and derivatives markets in its seven locations 
together with a global foreign exchange trading venue. 
Euronext’s broad portfolio of products, services and 
platforms covers the full capital markets value chain and 
range of market services, including the provision of market 
information, the development and operation of information 
technology systems, investor services and easy access to 
settlement and clearing facilities.
Euronext migrated on 6 June 2022 its Core Data Centre from 
Basildon, in the United Kingdom, to Bergamo, in Italy. The 
migration is in response to multiple factors, including the 
dynamic created by Brexit and a strong rationale to locate the 
Group’s Core Data Centre in a European Union country where 
Euronext operates a large business, and an ESG commitment. 
This transformative move, managed in collaboration with 
clients, marks a milestone in bringing back to the European 
continent the data centre that handles 25% 3 of European 
trading volumes. 
Euronext announced the launch of Euronext Mid-Point Match, 
including Dark, Mid-Point and Sweep functionalities in Q1 
2024. The whole Euronext ecosystem of trading members, 
local brokers, market makers and global banks, will benefit 
from zero latency in pegging to Euronext midpoint, and zero 
latency for sweeping from dark to lit on Euronext stocks.
Euronext has also reinforced its retail ambition with the 
expansion of the Global Equity Market (GEM) retail offering to 
pan-European and US stocks in November 2023.
In recent years, Euronext has expanded into fast-growing 
revenue services and new asset classes. Euronext has built a 
complete Corporate Services offering through successive 
bolt-on deals. This offering, also aimed at non-issuers, was 
designed to meet clients’ needs in critical areas such as 
regulation, governance, communication, and compliance. 
Euronext has also entered new asset classes to diversify its 
business with the acquisition of Euronext FX (formerly 
FastMatch) in 2017, expanding into the FX market, and in 2020 
with the acquisition of Nord Pool, a leading power trading 
infrastructure in the Nordics, expanding into the power 
market. These acquisitions enabled Euronext to target a new 
set of clients around the globe.
With the acquisition of the Irish Stock Exchange, now 
Euronext Dublin, in 2018, Euronext became the global leader 
in the listing of debt and funds securities.
Since April 2021, Euronext is the majority owner of MTS S.p.A., 
the leading fixed income trading platform in Europe, number 
one for Dealer-to-Dealer (D2D) European Government bonds 
trading, number one in Italian repo trading and number three 
in Europe in Dealer-to-Client (D2C) European Government 
bonds trading. Euronext will strengthen its leading position in 
D2D, through an extended geographical reach and an 
expanded offering with new services. Its buy-side reach will 
be expanded through MTS BondVision together with the 
deployment of an added-value data offering. MTS will expand 
across the full value chain, by exploring opportunities to 
deploy new and existing solutions to meet the needs of its 
clients. In November 2023, MTS has launched MTS EU, a 
central limit order book for the European Union Primary 
Dealer Network, following the appointment of MTS as a 
recognised interdealer platform by the European Union for 
the implementation of electronic market making on debt 
instruments issued by the European Union.
With Interbolsa in Portugal (now Euronext Securities Porto), 
and the acquisition of VPS (Euronext Securities Oslo) as part 
of Oslo Børs VPS in Norway in 2019, VP Securities (Euronext 
Securities Copenhagen) in Denmark in 2020 and Monte Titoli 
(Euronext Securities Milan) in Italy in 2021, Euronext has 
positioned itself as a leading central securities depository 
(CSD) operator in Europe. Euronext has combined its four CSD 
brands into Euronext Securities, an umbrella brand for its CSD 
business, while keeping a strong local presence and identity. 
The Group aims to expand its post-trade services, harmonise 
processes and enhance the client experience.
Through the acquisition of CC&G (Euronext Clearing) in April 
2021, Euronext is now the owner of a multi-asset clearing 
house and is thus in a position to directly manage its clearing 
activities to complete its value chain. Euronext is determined 
to directly manage the clearing of its cash and derivatives 
flows. Euronext has grown CC&G into Euronext Clearing, 
making it Euronext’s central counterparty (CCP) of choice for 
its cash equity markets, and the planned migration of listed 
derivatives and commodities markets to Euronext Clearing in 
Q3 2024 4. Euronext continues to offer an open access CCP 
model for cash equity clearing.
These successful integrations highlight Euronext’s value 
proposition to benefit from Euronext’s extended client base 
and several cross-selling opportunities.
Euronext aims to be the trusted choice for its clients 
providing them with access to European financial markets. It 
has transformed from an exchange into a market 
infrastructure, boosting its presence across the full value 
chain of financial markets, offering best-in-class services to 
all its clients.
1 Presentation of the Group
22
2 Borsa Italiana cash markets migrated in 2023 and the migration of derivatives markets to the Optiq® trading platform is planned from Q1 2024.
3In 2023 
4Subject to regulatory approvals

Page 25:
1.1.3 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
As a market infrastructure, Euronext’s operations and 
performance depend significantly on market and economic 
conditions in Europe, but also the United States, Asia and the 
rest of the world. Euronext operates in a business 
environment that is best described as a complex non-linear 
system with dependencies on the decisions of policy makers 
and regulators worldwide, with subsequent developments in 
the legal, regulatory and tax environment as well as the 
macroeconomic environment both in Europe and abroad.
Competition
On the corporate listing side, competition between 
exchanges for domestic issuers is rare. When a domestic 
issuer lists on another exchange, it tends to be on a sector 
specific market rather than on another European stock 
exchange, in particular in for global companies and SMEs in 
the technology sector. As part of its strategy, Euronext 
strives to attract issuers from new markets: Euronext has an 
office in a European city outside its core markets – in Madrid 
(Spain) – to assist Tech companies in developing their 
business on a greater scale through capital markets and has 
launched in 2022 its Euronext Tech Leaders initiative to 
attract even more Tech companies. Euronext has confirmed 
its leadership position as the main listing venue in Europe 
with 64 listings in 2023. The aggregated market capitalisation 
of Euronext listed companies is twice the size of its main 
competitors, the London Stock Exchange Group and 
Deutsche Boerse5. 
In recent years Euronext has faced increased pressure on 
pricing and market share in equity trading, in particular from 
new entrants to the market that have fee structures that are 
significantly lower than the Company’s fee structure and a 
reduced cost structure aligned with their narrower service 
offering. However, Euronext remains the largest liquidity pool 
in Europe, with market share on its cash equity markets 
averaging 65.1% in 2023.
Competition in fixed income continues to be fierce. MTS’ main 
competitors in both D2D (Dealer-to-Dealer) Cash and Repo are 
BrokerTec (owned by CME Group) and the voice brokers. In 
addition, local operators such as BME (owned by SIX) in Spain 
and HDAT in Greece continue to provide competition in the 
respective domestic markets. Bloomberg also competes in 
emerging and small-scale markets as well as for the Primary 
Auction business.
Notwithstanding this, MTS continues to be the number 1 D2D 
venue for European Government Bonds, achieved by 
leveraging its global offering to incentivise and reward 
liquidity provision. Within D2C (Dealer-to-Client), the main 
competitors for MTS’ BondVision are Bloomberg, MarketAxess 
and TradeWeb (majority owned by LSEG). Euronext’s retail 
businesses face signiﬁcant competition from Banks' 
Systematic Internalisers as well as from Bloomberg, 
MarketAxess and TradeWeb. In Italy, the main competitor in 
the retail business, Vorvel, has increased its market share but 
remains a relatively small market presence.
The competition for proprietary real-time market data is still 
limited as trading participants prefer to receive and use 
market data from the home exchange rather than using 
substitute pricing. However, Euronext is experiencing 
increasing pressure, both from a regulatory perspective 
(MiFID II) and a competitive perspective (alternative trading 
platforms, including Multilateral Trading Facilities (“MTFs”) 
such as Cboe Europe, that focus on the most liquid blue chip 
stocks). Nevertheless, Euronext believes that diversity in the 
wide range of stocks listed on its markets is its strength in 
this increasingly competitive environment and will help 
Euronext retain its position as the preferred data source. 
In less time-critical areas such as non-real-time data, where 
there is a heightened competition among participants who 
are seeking a unified European feed from a single source, 
Euronext has been working on the integration of reference, 
corporate actions and historical data of Borsa Italiana into 
Euronext products to expand the contents of its data 
products enabling Euronext to offer a more complete, 
attractive and competitive set of products from a unique 
direct source. 
In the clearing space, MiFID II / MiFIR provides open access 
provisions for cash equity clearing which leads to 
fragmentation and reduced profitability, as central 
counterparties (CCPs) may connect to multiple trading 
venues, creating pressure on fees. Derivatives clearing 
operates through vertical integration, whereby the overall 
trading and clearing value proposition serves as the primary 
driver to capture flows and market share. Euronext believes 
that with Euronext Clearing servicing all Euronext trading 
venues and asset classes, clients will benefit from an easier 
and streamlined access to Euronext's liquidity pool, delivering 
operational efficiencies, margin efficiencies and competitive 
clearing fees while providing a robust and resilient risk 
management framework, being the core function of a CCP.
Since 2014 and the entry into force of the Central Securities 
Depository Regulation (CSDR), CSDs can compete against 
each other across the EU. Euronext CSDs can thus offer 
issuance, custody and settlement for securities issued 
outside of Portugal, Norway, Denmark and Italy whereas other 
CSDs can provide such services to issuers in these markets. 
Euronext CSDs have been able to maintain their strong local 
positions thanks to their ability to manage local specificities 
in each market as well as the network effect they have 
created over time. 
As for market operator technology, the market for financial 
information technology is intensely competitive and 
characterised by rapidly changing technology and new 
entrants. Euronext has built its next generation trading 
platform, Optiq ®, and is well positioned to benefit from its 
state-of-the-art stability, scalability and latency.
Regulated Markets
Regulated Markets are markets constituted in an EEA Member 
State’s territory that meet the criteria of MiFID. Regulated 
markets have higher disclosure and transparency 
requirements than Multilateral Trading Facilities. Trading on 
Regulated Markets is subject to stricter rules than on other 
types of trading venues.
A Regulated Market cannot operate without securing prior 
authorisation from its regulator(s). Authorisation is subject to 
compliance with organisational requirements pertaining to 
conflicts of interest, identification and management of 
operational risks, systems resilience, the existence of 
transparent and non-discriminatory trading rules, as well as 
sufficient financial resources.
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 23
5 At end of December 2023 according to data from the  Federation of European Securities Exchanges, FactSet and Euronext data

Page 26:
Multilateral Trading Facilities
Multilateral Trading Facilities (MTFs) are primarily institutional 
investor-focused marketplaces offering trading in pan-
European securities on low-latency, low-cost platforms. They 
are usually operated by financial institutions (e.g. banks and 
brokerages) or operators of regulated markets. MTFs are also 
subject to less stringent disclosure, transparency and trading 
rules than regulated markets and have more discretion to 
operate and organise themselves.
Euronext operates a number of MTFs, including its SME and 
midcap-dedicated marketplace Euronext Growth (formerly 
Alternext) (in Belgium, France, Portugal, Norway, Ireland, and 
Italy), Euronext Access (formerly the Marché Libre) in 
Belgium, Portugal and France, and Euronext Expand in 
Norway. Euronext also operates two MTFs in Ireland: the 
Global Exchange Market, for the listing of debt securities and 
investment funds, and the Atlantic Securities Market, for US 
listed companies seeking to access euro pools of capital. In 
Norway, Euronext operates Euronext NOTC (short for 
Norwegian OTC-list), a platform to provide quotes and allow 
non-listed firms to benefit from a certain level of liquidity. 
Lastly, Euronext operates Euronext Global Equity Market 
(GEM) enabling retail investors to trade a broad range of 
European and US stocks in euro, with strong focus on retail 
flow.
Systematic Internalisers
The systematic internaliser (SI) regime was introduced by 
MiFID in 2007. It defines an SI as an investment firm which, on 
an organised, frequent systematic and substantial basis, 
deals on an own account basis when executing client orders 
outside a regulated market, an MTF or an organised trading 
facility (OTF) without operating a multilateral system. SIs are 
bilateral trading platforms usually operated by banks or 
brokers and offering them the possibility to match client 
orders against their own capital, as an alternative to sending 
their orders to multilateral trading venues such as regulated 
markets or MTFs. SIs are subject to much lighter 
organisational, disclosure, and transparency requirements 
than regulated markets and MTFs while some elements of the 
framework may be amended (see Chapter 2 - Risk 
Management & Control Structure).
Over-the-counter (OTC)
In all asset classes, Euronext is faced with competition from 
unlicensed marketplaces operating over-the-counter.
1.2 Strategy: “Growth for Impact 2024” Strategic Plan
1.2.1 “GROWTH FOR IMPACT 2024”, A PATH 
TO BUILD THE LEADING MARKET 
INFRASTRUCTURE IN EUROPE
Since its initial public offering (IPO) in 2014, through optimal 
resource allocation and cost control, as well as stronger 
development of underexploited businesses, Euronext has 
strived to deliver its solutions for the real economy.
Following the delivery of its IPO objectives a year in advance, 
in May  2016 Euronext published its strategic plan, "Agility for 
Growth", outlining its growth ambitions to  2019. Euronext 
achieved most of its "Agility for Growth" ambitions one year in 
advance, and announced in October 2019 its next strategic 
plan, "Let’s grow together 2022", introducing its growth 
ambition to 2022. Under this plan, Euronext has successfully 
delivered its ambition to become the leading pan-European 
market infrastructure, through a combination of organic 
growth, the acquisitions of Nord Pool 1 and VP Securities 
(Euronext Securities Copenhagen), and the transformational 
acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Euronext achieved its 
2022 financial targets two years in advance in 2020, thanks to 
strong organic revenue growth. 
Euronext now operates seven national markets, four central 
securities depositories (CSDs) and one multi-asset clearing 
house in Europe, as well as various trading infrastructures, 
giving it the ability to manage the entire capital markets value 
chain for the first time since its IPO. Euronext can now more 
than ever be bold and strategically ambitious, leveraging its 
strengths and greater scale to deliver on its new ambition: 
build the leading market infrastructure in Europe. 
In November 2021, Euronext released its three-year strategic 
plan, "Growth for Impact 2024". Under this plan, Euronext 
intends to grow and leverage its scale for the benefit of its 
clients, team members, shareholders and stakeholders. 
Euronext's mission is to connect European economies to 
global capital markets, to accelerate innovation and 
sustainable growth. 
"Growth for Impact 2024" sets out the Group's ambition to 
build the leading market infrastructure in Europe. The Group 
aims to make an impact on its industry and its ecosystem 
fulfilling its purpose to shape capital markets for future 
generations. 
The “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan is built on the 
following strategic priorities:
■ Leverage Euronext’s integrated value chain , 
through the European expansion of CC&G (renamed 
Euronext Clearing) clearing activities, the Core Data 
Centre migration to the European Union, and the 
international expansion of MTS;
■ Pan-Europeanise Euronext CSDs  through the 
expansion of services across its four CSDs in 
Portugal, Norway, Denmark and Italy, the 
harmonisation of processes and enhancement of 
the client experience; 
■ Build upon Euronext’s leadership in Europe , to 
further develop its leading listing and trading 
venues, to accelerate the delivery of innovative 
products and services thanks to technology, and to 
scale up advanced data services, corporate and 
investor services;
■ Empower sustainable finance through an ambitious 
climate commitment for Euronext that aims to make 
1 Presentation of the Group
24
1 66% of the capital

Page 27:
a tangible impact on its partners and clients, with 
the launch of the Fit for 1.5° climate commitment, 
and also through an enhanced inclusive people 
strategy; and
■ Execute value-creative M&A  by continuing to seek 
external diversification opportunities, in line with 
Euronext’s strict investment criteria and its 
commitment to maintain an investment grade 
rating.
Euronext’s 2024 strategic priorities
I. Leverage Euronext’s integrated value chain
European expansion of CC&G (Euronext Clearing) clearing 
activities to all Euronext markets2
Euronext was, until 2021, the only market infrastructure that 
did not directly manage its clearing activities for its listed 
derivatives markets. Since 2003, Euronext has relied on a 
third-party clearing house, LCH S.A., for the clearing of most 
of its cash and derivatives trading flows on its markets, with a 
revenue sharing agreement. Euronext has proposed on 
various occasions to take control of LCH S.A., unsuccessfully. 
Today, for the first time, thanks to the acquisition of Euronext 
Clearing in April 2021, Euronext is the owner of a multi-asset 
clearing house and is thus in a position to directly manage its 
clearing activities to complete its value chain. Euronext is 
determined to directly manage the clearing of its cash and 
derivatives flows. Therefore, it decided to expand Euronext 
Clearing clearing activities across Europe3.
Euronext is making Euronext Clearing Euronext’s central 
counterparty (CCP) of choice for its cash equity, listed 
derivatives and commodities markets in Europe. Euronext 
continues to offer an open access CCP model for cash equity 
clearing.
Euronext is positioning Euronext Clearing as a European 
clearing house. Euronext Clearing was enhanced with a new 
Value at Risk framework. Euronext Clearing will be reinforced 
by cutting-edge technology in line with its new international 
ambitions. The European clearing organisation has teams in 
Italy and France.
This strategic ambition allows Euronext to directly manage 
another core service for clients and create value through a 
harmonised clearing framework across Euronext venues. It 
will allow Euronext to align strategic priorities between 
trading and clearing, and significantly increase its footprint in 
the post-trade space. In addition, Euronext will be in an ideal 
position to innovate and improve time-to-market, notably on 
derivatives products, to serve the evolving needs of its 
clients. Revenue and costs contribution for this key project 
are part of the increased Borsa Italiana Group synergies 
target. Similarly, the necessary one-off costs to execute this 
project are included in the 2024 guidance4.
In January 2023, Euronext sent notice of termination to LCH 
S.A. for its derivatives clearing agreements and confirmed the 
expansion of Euronext Clearing to listed derivatives and 
commodities markets for the third quarter of 2024. In 
November 2023, Euronext Clearing was expanded as the CCP 
of choice for Euronext cash markets in Amsterdam, Brussels, 
Dublin, Lisbon and Paris.
Migration of the Core Data Centre to Italy
Euronext announced in April 2021 the strategic decision to 
migrate its Core Data Centre from Basildon, in the United 
Kingdom, to Bergamo, in Italy. 
The migration is a response to multiple factors, including the 
dynamic created by Brexit and a strong rationale to locate the 
Group’s Core Data Centre in a European Union country where 
Euronext operates a large business. This transformative 
move, managed in collaboration with clients, marks a 
milestone in bringing back to the European continent the data 
centre that handles 25% of European trading volumes. 
This migration allows Euronext to fully control and directly 
manage its core IT infrastructure, and a key service to clients, 
which was previously outsourced. This also allows the 
generation of colocation revenues, embedded in the 
upgraded synergies. Clients are benefitting from a state-of-
the-art colocation facility. Since this data centre is 100% 
powered by renewable energy sources, clients see their own 
carbon footprints reduced. 
The Group Core Data Centre migration was completed in June 
2022. This migration was timed to be ready for the migration 
of the Borsa Italiana equity and derivatives markets onto the 
Optiq® trading platform in 2023 and 2024.
Migration of Borsa Italiana equity and derivatives markets to 
Optiq® 
Borsa Italiana joined the Euronext central order book, which 
offers a unique gateway to investors accessing the largest 
liquidity pool in Europe. This single liquidity pool is powered 
by Optiq®, Euronext’s proprietary state-of-the-art technology, 
offering a unique entry point to Euronext’s securities and 
products for both local and global institutional investors and 
for retail investors. Issuers are benefiting from this increased 
visibility towards international investors, while Italian brokers 
and investors will benefit from a single access point to trade 
the securities of seven European countries. 
Borsa Italiana cash markets migrated to the Optiq ® trading 
platform in 2023, and the migration of derivatives is targeted 
for Q1 2024.
Expand the European footprint of MTS and enhance value
MTS is the leading fixed income trading platform in Europe, 
number one in Europe for Dealer-to-Dealer (D2D) European 
Government bonds trading, number one in Italian repo trading 
and number three in Europe for Dealer-to-Client (D2C) 
European Government bonds trading. As part of its mission to 
finance the real economy, Euronext has proposed to the 
European Commission the use of the MTS platform for the 
secondary market, and transparent negotiation, of bonds 
issued within the NextGenerationEU recovery programme. 
Euronext will strengthen its leading position in D2D, through 
extended geographical reach and an expanded offering with 
new services. Its buy-side reach will be expanded through 
MTS BondVision together with the deployment of an added-
value data offering. MTS will expand across the full value 
chain, by exploring opportunities to deploy new and existing 
solutions to meet the needs of its clients.
The European Union has recognised MTS EU as an interdealer 
platform for the implementation of electronic market making 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 25
2 Subject to regulatory approvals
3 Subject to regulatory approvals
4To highlight its underlying performance, since Q1 2022 Euronext is adjusting its operating expenses and publishes an adjusted EBITDA excluding non-recurring items, 
such as implementation costs for the strategic projects announced. For more information on the guidance see 1.2.3 - Strategic Targets and Prospects in 2023.

Page 28:
on European Union issued debt instruments. This new market 
was launched very successfully in November 2023.
The incremental revenue from MTS’s expansion strategy is 
included in the €115 million Borsa Italiana Group targeted 
synergies. 
II. Pan-Europeanise CSDs through the expansion of 
services, the harmonisation of processes and 
enhancement of the client experience
Euronext operates a leading CSD network representing €6.7 
trillion in assets under custody, 120 million yearly settlement 
instructions and more than 7,700 issuers 5. The Group is now 
the third-largest CSD operator in Europe. Euronext has 
combined its four CSD brands into Euronext Securities, a new 
umbrella brand for its CSD business, while keeping a strong 
local presence and identity.
This new positioning will help Euronext gain new business and 
diversify its activity in Europe through the expansion of 
added-value services for financial institutions such as tax 
reporting services, compliance, data products and asset 
servicing. Euronext will also make new services available to 
issuers, especially SMEs, leveraging its fully digital issuance 
capabilities. 
Euronext Securities will also streamline processes to better 
serve local and international customers, gradually mutualising 
its infrastructure, applications, and functionalities to 
facilitate access to the local markets served by Euronext 
Securities and to support Euronext issuance and trading 
businesses across Europe.
Finally, Euronext will roll out new targeted client interfaces 
and a client service model addressing the needs of both local 
and global clients.
III. Build upon Euronext’s leadership in Europe
Build upon our position as the leading European primary 
markets venue to create a global champion
Euronext is the leading equity listing venue in Europe with 
close to 1,930 issuers representing €6.6 trillion of aggregated 
market capitalisation 6. Euronext is also the world’s leader in 
debt listing with more than 55,000 listed securities7. 
Euronext’s size makes it by far the largest liquidity pool in 
Europe, providing an integrated “one-stop-shop” for local and 
global issuers, to cover their equity and debt financing needs, 
and corporate services. 
Building on its geographic expansion, with the recent 
additions of the Irish, Norwegian and Italian markets, 
Euronext will continue to expand its pan-European reach and 
will welcome top international issuers, leveraging its unique 
liquidity pool and sectorial strengths. 
With close to 1,500 SMEs listed on Euronext markets, the 
Group is committed to financing the real economy and will 
further simplify access to equity and bond financing by 
increasing the competitiveness of its listing venues. Euronext 
will expand Borsa Italiana’s STAR segment and grow the ELITE 
network to deepen its relationships with SMEs. Euronext’s 
successful pre-IPO programmes will be strengthened, notably 
with specific ESG modules to support issuers in their ESG 
transition and to comply with non-financial disclosure 
requirements. Euronext is Europe’s leading venue for 
Technology companies, with over 700 issuers listed on its 
markets across clean technologies, life sciences, technology, 
media and telecom (TMT), bio-technologies, medical 
technologies, and other sectors. Euronext will continue to 
grow this franchise, notably by continuing to invest in 
dedicated pre-IPO programmes, such as IPOready, which now 
counts over 920 alumni and more than 80 partners. Euronext 
has launched in June 2022 Euronext Tech Leaders initiative, 
including a segment and index dedicated to highlighting the 
visibility and attractiveness of high-growth listed Tech 
companies among international investors, together with a 
suite of services to support them through their financial 
journey. Alongside this segment, Euronext plans to launch a 
full suite of pre-IPO services to attract private Tech listing 
candidates to Euronext's markets, supporting their growth 
financing needs.
Euronext has the ambition to become the leading global ESG 
financing venue, and the partner of choice for issuers in the 
sustainable transition. The Group has launched My ESG 
Profile, making individual data of issuers available on the 
Euronext website in a standardised form, using more than 
60,000 ESG data points. Euronext has also  expanded ESG 
bonds to track the 1.5-degree ambitions of ESG bond issuers, 
flagging taxonomy-eligible issuers to increase their visibility 
to investors. Please refer to section 3 - Empower Sustainable 
Finance for more details.
Capitalising on accelerated trends towards digitalisation, 
Euronext Corporate Services has successfully delivered 24% 
revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR) between 2018 
and 2021, and it now serves over 4,800 clients in 30 countries, 
spanning listed and private companies, as well as public 
sector entities. Euronext Corporate Services has transformed 
several single-product companies into a pan-European multi-
product business, supporting clients’ needs in compliance, 
communication, governance, and investor relations. Euronext 
will continue to grow Corporate Services further by 
consolidating its position in core domestic countries, growing 
internationally in new strategic markets, and continuously 
developing the portfolio of solutions, with a specific focus on 
Compliance. 
Leverage our scale as the leading European venue for 
trading
Euronext operates seven regulated markets and is the 
number one European cash equity trading venue, with €10.1 
billion of cash average daily volumes (ADV) 8, representing a 
quarter of European lit volumes. Euronext has shown a unique 
track record in the management of cash trading market share 
and value extraction. Euronext has leveraged its unified 
markets with a standardised approach across Europe, while 
protecting local specificities and ecosystems. Euronext 
wishes to consolidate its European scale and maximise 
touchpoints upstream in the value chain. This strategy, 
combined with the Core Data Centre migration, the migration 
of Borsa Italiana capital markets to Optiq ® and the European 
expansion of Euronext Clearing clearing activities, aims to 
build the launchpad for an integrated European market. 
Euronext aims to continue to be the most liquid and largest 
trading venue in Europe, and to extract superior value from 
cash trading activities. It will develop a new generation of 
pricing strategies, built on its years of expertise, to support 
yields and market quality. It will continue to support diversity 
of flows by offering a trading model that meets the needs of 
both local and global players to offer a best-in-class trading 
experience for retail and institutional investors. 
1 Presentation of the Group
26
5 At end  December 2023
6 At end December 2023
7 At end December 2022
8 In 2023

Page 29:
The derivatives franchise will be strengthened by expanding 
to new geographies and leveraging Borsa Italiana markets, 
and by developing more ESG-related products. The European 
expansion of the Euronext Clearing clearing operations will 
give Euronext the flexibility to develop products to meet 
client demand quickly and efficiently.
Euronext offers its clients the option of exposure to crypto-
assets through a suite of new products. After the recent 
success of the listing of cryptocurrency exchange traded 
products (ETPs) on Euronext, the Group will continue to 
expand its crypto-tracking ETP offering. Euronext proposes a 
new family of Euronext branded crypto-indices to support the 
launch of related products. Moving forward, Euronext will 
provide its clients with exposure to crypto-assets with the 
same level of regulatory security and operational efficiency as 
on Euronext’s core markets.
Scale up our Advanced Data Services 
Euronext’s Advanced Data Services business will scale up by 
leveraging the most comprehensive cash equity data in 
Europe, its fast-growing index franchise, and new datasets 
from recent acquisitions. Euronext aims to become the 
number one European ESG index provider, leveraging national 
brands, strong local presence and its ecosystem of innovative 
ESG data partners (refer to section 3 - Empower Sustainable 
Finance for more details). Euronext will build on recent 
successes to further deepen its relationship with exchange 
traded fund (ETF) issuers and asset owners. It will take its 
data analytics offering to the next level by building on leading 
quant capabilities and the most advanced data products 
tailored to end-user client segments. And Euronext will also 
monetise non-public proprietary data and extend its expertise 
to new datasets from recently integrated businesses, such as 
fixed income.
Euronext will support the evolving use of market data and 
adapt its product suite and commercial policies to new usage 
demands. It will leverage technology, both cloud and digital, 
to transform data servicing and data distribution, benefiting 
from the Group’s new scale.
Leverage scale in technology to deliver innovative products 
and services
Euronext continually develops its existing architecture and 
ensures business scalability using cloud, microservices and 
application programming interface services. Harmonisation 
of its infrastructure, especially across Euronext’s CSD 
network, will permit further efficiencies. Euronext will also 
harness data science to develop innovative solutions, 
products and services.
Euronext has consistently invested in resiliency and platform 
stability, and its proprietary Optiq ® trading platform handled 
trading volatility peaks seamlessly in 2020, 2021 and 2022. To 
continuously improve the monitoring of its IT systems along 
the trading chain, Euronext has developed a set of best 
practices supported by a comprehensive data-driven 
operational risk framework. 
Euronext has significantly invested in and improved its crisis 
management framework. It performs regular stress training, 
relying on a robust playbook for decision-making and a 
comprehensive crisis communication plan. In the years to 
come, Euronext will continue to invest to deliver best-in-class 
resiliency and stability for its platform, while offering new 
services and products. Furthermore, Euronext will extend the 
use of artificial intelligence to improve data analysis and 
infrastructure agility.
Customer satisfaction is at the centre of Euronext’s strategy. 
Investment in enhanced digital tools will allow the Group to 
offer a better and more unified customer experience.
IV. Empower sustainable finance through an 
ambitious environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) strategy
“Growth for Impact 2024” builds on Euronext’s strong focus on 
ESG since its IPO. 
Climate
The world has entered a decisive decade for the achievement 
of the objective of the Paris Agreement to keep the global 
temperature increase at well below 2 degrees compared to 
pre-industrial levels. Urgent action is required now, from 
companies and from the financial sector more broadly, to 
avoid the negative effects of climate change.
Against this backdrop, Euronext is leveraging its ESG 
performance to build an impactful ESG strategy. The new 
sustainability strategy focuses on accelerating climate action 
both in Euronext's operations and through the role it plays in 
empowering sustainable finance across all its markets. 
Euronext is proud to announce the launch of its “Fit for 1.5°” 
climate commitment, for itself, its partners and its clients.
Euronext has set science-based quantitative climate targets 
by signing the “Business Ambition for 1.5°C”, a campaign led by 
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 9 in partnership 
with the United Nations Race to Zero campaign. 
Applying the SBTi methodology to Euronext emissions led to 
the formulation of the following targets that have been 
validated by SBTi in February 2023:
■ By 2030, Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 
2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% 
compared to 2020;
■ By 2030, Euronext will reduce its scope 3 business 
travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 
2019;
■ By 2027, Euronext suppliers, representing 72% of 
Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from 
purchased goods and services, must set targets on 
their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission . 
The relocation of Euronext’s Core Data Centre to a green 
facility has been the first move to follow through on this 
transformational commitment. The new data centre is 
powered 100% by renewable energy sources, much of which 
is self-produced through solar panels and hydroelectric 
power stations. The migration to a sustainable data centre 
sets the standard for the industry and provides clients with 
concrete tools to improve their own carbon footprint.
Furthermore, Euronext is developing services and products to 
accelerate the transition to a European economy aligned with 
a 1.5-degree trajectory. This will help drive investment 
towards decarbonised assets and support Euronext’s clients 
on their ESG journey. Solutions supporting the strategy 
include, among others, the creation of a climate transition 
market segment, dedicated to issuers committed to science-
based targets, the creation of climate and ESG versions of 
Euronext’s national benchmark indices, revised ESG reporting 
guidance for issuers focusing on climate, and low-carbon 
colocation services.
Euronext will complement this environmental focus by 
implementing a forward-looking and outcome-based 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 27
9 sciencebasedtargets.org/business-ambition-for-1-5c

Page 30:
approach across all its impact areas, including human capital, 
community investment and governance issues that are 
material to its industry with a view to improving its overall 
ESG ratings relative to peers.
People
Euronext is diverse by nature and by commitment, with 63 
nationalities across 18 countries, and a genuinely inclusive 
culture, embedded in its federal model.  The Euronext 
Managing Board, Senior Leadership Team and Supervisory 
Board have reached their gender diversity targets in two 
years, with 30%, 30% and 40% gender diversity respectively 
already delivered. Euronext will go further, and will reach a 
30% target in average on local Boards by 2024 and has 
extended its 30% targets to the management levels below the 
Senior Leadership Team in 2023.
Building on the success of Euronext’s Diversity Day and 
International Women’s Day initiatives, each Euronext country 
has taken the commitment to reinforce local diversity 
partnerships with schools and recruitment providers, as well 
as early mentoring programmes as part of the Group’s 
financial literacy initiatives. Euronext sees all forms of 
diversity, including disability, gender, sexual orientation, age, 
and cultural background, as a key success factor of its federal 
model, and is committed to further improve diversity 
practices in the next three years. This commitment will be 
reinforced in all its people practices through its people 
integration programme across Europe.
V. Continue to execute value-creative M&A
Euronext will pursue its growth strategy through high value-
added acquisitions aimed at diversifying and strengthening 
the business profile of the Group, with a specific focus on 
Europe. 
Euronext will maintain a rigorous investment policy, with a 
targeted return on capital employed (ROCE) of acquisitions 
above weighted average cost of capital (WACC) between 
years 3 to 5. As a key market infrastructure, Euronext expects 
to maintain its investment grade while leveraging its financial 
flexibility to capture market opportunities that arise. On 9 
February 2023, Euronext has been upgraded by S&P to a BBB+ 
rating.
Euronext 2024 financial targets10
Euronext’s growth ambition is reflected in the 2024 financial 
targets and a rigorous capital allocation strategy.
■ Revenue is expected to grow by +3% to +4% 
CAGR2020Proforma-2024E, excluding potential 
acquisitions, driven by (i) organic growth, especially 
in services, and (ii) growth initiatives related to 
Borsa Italiana integration.
■ EBITDA is expected to grow by +5% to +6% 
CAGR2020PF-2024E, excluding potential acquisitions, 
driven by (i)  continued best-in-class cost discipline, 
(ii) investments in operational excellence and (iii) 
uplift profitability of already-acquired companies to 
Euronext's level. 
■ Euronext expects to achieve €115 million of run-rate 
pre-tax synergies related to the Borsa Italiana Group 
acquisition by 2024 (€100 million previously 
announced on November 2021), up c. 92% compared 
to the €60 million of synergies announced at the 
time of the acquisition in April 2021, to incur €150 
million of non-recurring implementation costs (€160 
million previously announced on November 2021). 
More than 60% of those synergies are related to 
growth projects. 
■ Capex is confirmed at between 3% and 5% of 
revenue.
■ Dividend policy is set at 50% pay-out of reported net 
income.
1.2.2 STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENTS IN 2023
'Growth for Impact 2024' achievements
In 2023, Euronext pursued its ongoing work on the key 
projects announced at its 2021 investor day, as follows:
■ the migration of Italian cash markets to the Optiq ® 
trading platform; and 
■ the European expansion of Euronext Clearing 
clearing activities (completed for cash markets in 
2023 and planned for derivatives by Q3 2024)
In March 2023, Euronext completed the migration of equity 
and ETF markets of Borsa Italiana to Optiq. This was followed 
by Borsa Italiana Fixed Income, Warrants and Certificates 
markets in September 2023. 
In July 2023, Euronext completed the sale of its 11.1% stake in 
LCH SA to LCH Group, for a cash consideration of €111 million. 
As a result, in Q3 2023, Euronext reported a €41.6 million 
capital gain.
In October 2023, Euronext Clearing introduced the innovative 
VaR-based margin methodology on Euronext Milan equities, 
ETF and financial derivatives markets. 
These steps allowed the successful expansion of Euronext 
Clearing to Euronext cash markets in Amsterdam, Brussels, 
Dublin, Lisbon and Paris in November 2023.
The various strategic projects have allowed Euronext to reach 
€74 million run-rate annual EBITDA synergies by end of 2023.
2023 cost guidance 
To highlight its underlying performance, Euronext started in 
the first quarter of 2022 to adjust its operating expenses and 
publish an adjusted EBITDA excluding non-recurring items, 
such as implementation costs related to the Borsa Italiana 
Group integration.
In 2023, Euronext expected its underlying operating costs 
excluding depreciation and amortisation (D&A) to be around 
€630 million, compared to the annualised second semester of 
2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of €620 million. The 
slight expected increase in costs resulted from costs related 
to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives. Savings and 
synergies were expected to entirely compensate inflation and 
business development costs.
On 8 November 2023, Euronext announced it expected a full-
year positive impact of €12 million from the NOK depreciation 
on the cost base.
On 15 February 2024, Euronext consequently reported better 
than expected underlying costs excluding D&A of €610.0 
million, thanks to continued cost control and a one-off 
release of €6.3 million.
1 Presentation of the Group
28
10 Proforma 2020 revenue and 2020 EBITDA for the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group, excluding transitional revenue and cost.

Page 31:
1.2.3 STRATEGIC TARGETS AND PROSPECTS 
IN 2024
2024 strategic plan and Borsa Italiana Group integration
In 2024, Euronext will pursue ongoing work on key projects 
announced at its 2021 investor day, as follows:
■ the migration of Italian derivatives markets to the 
Optiq®  trading platform in Q1 2024;
■ the European expansion of Euronext Clearing  
clearing activities by the third quarter of 2024 for 
listed derivatives and commodities. 
As a result of this ongoing work, Euronext, expected to reach 
around €115 million of cumulated run-rate synergies by the 
end of 2024.
2024 cost guidance
In 2023, underlying expenses excluding D&A were positively 
impacted by a one-off release of €6.3 million and by a positive 
impact of €11.4 million from the NOK depreciation. 
Consequently, Euronext reported €610.0 million underlying 
expenses excluding D&A in 2023, compared to an initial 
guidance of €630 million.
In 2024, Euronext will continue its costs control policy and 
assumes that savings and synergies will offset inflation and 
2023 costs ramp-up. As a result, Euronext expects its 2024 
underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €625 million, 
including around €10 million to finance growth projects and 
excluding potential impact from FX over the year. 
In addition, Euronext expects to incur non-recurring 
implementation costs in 2024, that are already included in the 
announced €150 million of targeted non-recurring 
implementation costs to deliver on the "Growth for Impact 
2024" strategic plan. These implementation costs reflect the 
ongoing work of the Euronext teams to deliver on the key 
strategic projects announced in November 2021 and 
mentioned above.
1.3 Description of the Business
In accordance with Article 19 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the 
following information is incorporated by reference in the 
Universal Registration Document:
For Financial Year 2022
The description of principal activities of the Company for the 
financial year 2022, presented on pages 26 to 46 of the 2022 
Universal Registration Document filed with the Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten on 31 March 2022  and available at: 
https://www.euronext.com/sites/default/files/financial-
event-doc/2023-08/EUR_2022_URD_MEL
%20FINALE_AUG.pdf 
For Financial Year 2021
The description of principal activities of the Company for the 
financial year 2021, presented on pages 24 to 43 of the 2021 
Universal Registration Document filed with the Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten on 31 March 2022  and available at: 
https://www.euronext.com/sites/default/files/financial-
event-doc/2022-04/2021%20URD%20-%20ENX
%20-%20PDF_1.pdf 
1.3.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Euronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure 
offering a diverse range of products and services and 
combining transparent and efficient equity, fixed income 
securities and derivatives markets in Amsterdam, Brussels, 
Dublin, Lisbon, Milan, Oslo and Paris. Euronext operates 
various businesses in 18 countries. Euronext’s businesses 
comprise listing, cash trading, derivatives trading, spot FX 
trading, fixed income trading, power trading, investor 
services, advanced data services, post-trade,  technologies & 
other.
Euronext is the leading listing venue in Europe and attracted 
64 new equity listings in 2023. Euronext markets provide the 
leading listing venues in continental Europe based on the 
number of companies listed as of 31 December 2023. Close to 
1,930 issuers representing a combined market capitalisation 
of approximately €6.6  trillion were admitted to trading on 
Euronext’s markets as at 31  December 2023. As of 
31 December 2023, Euronext ranked first in Europe in terms of 
market capitalisation of listed companies and first among the 
largest exchange groups in Europe in terms of number of 
companies listed, excluding Bolsas y Mercados Españoles (on 
which a large proportion of listed issuers are open-ended 
investment companies, limiting comparability). In addition, 
the Company has over 3,800 exchange traded products 
(ETPs)1 and close to 2,500 funds listed on its markets as of 31 
December 2023.
Euronext ranked first among all trading venues in Europe in 
terms of monthly lit continuous & auctions order book trading 
volume in equities for the last 12 months ended 31 December 
2023 among all trading venues in Europe.
Euronext’s pan-European cash equities trading venue is the 
market leader in cash equity trading in its seven home 
continental European markets of Belgium, France, Ireland, 
Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal, as of 
31  December 2023. Average Daily Value on cash trading 
amounted to €10.1 billion in 2023, representing around 25% of 
the total European lit equity trading markets.  Euronext 
market share in cash equities trading of the securities listed 
on its markets reached 65.1% over 2023. Euronext provides 
multiple marketplaces including its Multilateral Trading 
Facilities (MTFs), for investors, broker-dealers and other 
market participants to meet directly to buy and sell cash 
equities, fixed income securities and exchange traded 
products (ETPs).
Euronext is also the number one venue for the listing of bonds 
globally, with ove r 9,700 new bond listings in 2023 and a total 
number of listed bonds exceeding 55,000 at the end of 2023, 
surpassing 2022's total of more than 53,000 listed bonds. 
Bond listing is an international business activity with over 
4,000 issuers coming from more than 100 jurisdictions across 
the globe.
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 29
1 Including exchange traded funds (ETF), exchange traded commodities (ETC) and exchange traded notes (ETN)

Page 32:
Euronext, with its regulated markets (in Paris, Brussels, Milan, 
Amsterdam, Lisbon) and MTFs (EuroTLX, ExtraMOT, Growth, 
Access, GEM) is a leading European platform for the 
electronic trading of fixed income securities in retail size / 
odd-lots. In 2023, average daily volume for retail fixed income 
trading on Euronext markets reached €1.3 billion. 
Euronext’s derivatives trading business has a strong market 
position in futures and options on benchmark indices such as 
the CAC 40 ®, AEX ®, BEL 20 ®, ISEQ ®, OBX ® and PSI ® and FTSE ® 
MIB, single stock options and futures and commodity 
derivatives. It ranks second among European exchange 
groups in terms of open interest of derivatives traded as at 
31  December 2023. Euronext offers options contracts based 
on all of the blue-chip equities listed on Euronext, thereby 
reinforcing liquidity for those equities. This includes the 
components of Euronext's flagship national indices such as 
the CAC 40®, the second most traded national index in Europe. 
The commodity derivatives offered by the derivatives trading 
business include the milling wheat futures contract which is a 
world-class contract for the European Union agriculture 
market. 
Since April 2021, Euronext is the owner of MTS 2, the leading 
European fixed income trading platform, number one in 
Europe for Dealer-to-Dealer (D2D) European Government 
bonds trading, number one in Italian repo trading and number 
three in Europe for Dealer-to-Client (D2C) European 
Government bonds trading.
Euronext’s advanced data services business distributes and 
sells real-time, historic and reference data to global data 
vendors, such as LSEG Refinitiv and Bloomberg, as well as to 
financial institutions and individual investors. With a portfolio 
of over 1,250 benchmark indices, including the CAC 40 ® index 
in France and AEX ® index in the Netherlands, Euronext is a 
leading provider of indices and a provider of advanced 
analytics products. Euronext's blue-chip index franchise was 
enriched in 2023 through the addition of the CAC SBT 1.5 
index family. Euronext is one of the leading ESG index issuers 
in Europe, with more than 18 new ESG indices launched in 
2023 and a strong pipeline.
Post trade is an important part of the services Euronext 
provides to its clients. In  2013, the Company entered into a 
clearing agreement with LCH S.A., the Paris-based clearing 
house of LCH Group Limited (LCH Group), for the clearing of 
Euronext’s cash products. In  2017, Euronext renewed the 
separate derivatives clearing agreement with LCH S.A. that 
provides for a revenue sharing arrangement in respect of the 
clearing of Euronext listed derivativesl. On 29 April 2021, 
Euronext acquired the multi-asset clearing house CC&G, 
which it will grow into Euronext Clearing, making it by 2024 
Euronext's CCP of choice for its cash equity, listed derivatives 
and commodities markets. In January 2023, Euronext has 
decided to terminate the existing derivatives clearing 
agreement (the “Agreement”) with LCH SA, under the terms of 
the Agreement. Therefore, on 16 January 2023, Euronext 
served LCH SA notice of termination for the purposes of the 
Agreement. Since  2016, Euronext also offers user choice in 
clearing for the equity markets within the Eurozone, through 
the implementation of a preferred Central Counterparty (CCP) 
model followed by a fully interoperable service. Euronext 
continues to offer an open access CCP model for cash equity 
clearing.
In addition, Euronext owns and operates Euronext Securities 
Porto, the Portuguese national Central Securities Depository 
(CSD); Euronext Securities Oslo, the Norwegian national CSD; 
Euronext Securities Copenhagen, the Danish national CSD; 
and Euronext Securities Milan, the Italian national CSD. The 
Group is now the third-largest CSD operator in Europe. 
Euronext has combined its four CSD brands into Euronext 
Securities, a new umbrella brand for its CSD business, while 
keeping a strong local presence and identity.
Euronext Technology Solutions & other comprises Euronext’s 
commercial technology solutions and services business, and 
former Borsa Italiana businesses including Gatelab and 
Integrated Technology Services ‘X2M’. Euronext offers 
custom solutions and cost-effective services to exchanges, 
venue operators, and financial institutions, who require 
advanced functional capabilities, and low latency processing 
across multiple-asset classes surrounded by exchange grade 
business services used to operating within highly regulated 
environments. 
The successful migration of the Euronext Core Data Centre 
facility from Basildon, in the United Kingdom, to Bergamo, in 
Italy has provided clients with a state-of-the-art colocation 
facility and connectivity services fully managed by Euronext 
within a data centre powered by renewable energy. 
Colocation and connectivity services have become an 
important source of revenue for Euronext Technology 
Solutions.
1.3.2 STRENGTHS
1 2 3
Resilient model
Present on the Focus on core delivering
entire value chain European markets consistent growth
and profitability
4
Liquidity and transparency
5 6
United in
to all market participants Offering of a wide diversity with
through regulated range of products an open
exchanges federal model
1 Presentation of the Group
30
2 Euronext owns 62.52% of MTS

Page 33:
Presence on the entire value chain
Euronext operates seven national markets, one multi-asset 
clearing house and four central securities depositories (CSDs) 
across Europe. The Group therefore has the ability to directly 
manage the entire capital markets value chain and intends to 
grow and leverage its scale and presence for the benefit of its 
clients, team members, shareholders and stakeholders. This 
presence on the entire value chain notably allows Euronext to 
align strategic priorities between its trading and post-trade 
activities supporting innovation for the benefit of its clients.
Strong European anchorage
Euronext operates the largest liquidity pool in Europe, whose 
platform Optiq ® attracted 25% of European share trading 
activity in 2022. Euronext benefits from a diverse client base, 
both in terms of geographic distribution and type of trading 
flow. The Company has an established European and United 
Kingdom client base, representing 66% of cash trading 
average daily volume and 71% of derivatives trading average 
daily volume for the year ended 31 December 2023. United 
States clients accounted for 34% of Euronext’s cash trading 
average daily volume and 29% of its derivatives trading 
average daily volume for the year ended 31 December 2023.
Resilient Model Delivering Consistent Growth 
and Profitability
Euronext’s sources of revenues are diversified across the 
businesses, markets and client segments. For the year ended 
31  December 2023, approximately 60% of the Company’s 
revenues were generated by its non-volume related 
businesses. Non-volume related businesses include advanced 
data services, investor services, listings excluding initial 
public offerings (IPOs), custody and settlement, net treasury 
income through central counterparty (CCP) business, and 
Euronext Technology Solutions & Other. This helps to limit 
Euronext’s exposure to cyclicality in demand for particular 
products or services or in individual markets.
The following table sets out information relating to the 
sources of total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2023 
and for the year ended 31 December 2022:
In thousands of euros
Year ended 31 December 2023 Year ended 31 December 2022
Revenue
% of total 
revenues Revenue
% of total 
revenues
Listing  220,642  15.0%  218,380  15.4% 
Trading revenue  490,008  33.2%  514,125  36.2% 
of which:
■ Cash trading  265,439  18.0%  301,714  21.3% 
■ Derivatives trading  54,168  3.7%  58,380  4.1% 
■ Fixed income trading  107,425  7.3%  92,951  6.6% 
■ Spot FX trading  25,556  1.7%  28,406  2.0% 
■ Power trading  37,420  2.5%  32,674  2.3% 
Investor services  11,375  0.8%  9,596  0.7% 
Advanced data services  224,774  15.2%  212,053  14.9% 
Post-trade  370,183  25.1%  364,519  25.7% 
of which:
■ Clearing  121,283  8.2%  121,393  8.6% 
■ Custody and Settlement  248,900  16.9%  243,126  17.1% 
Euronext Technology Solutions & other  109,894  7.5%  100,101  7.1% 
Net treasury income through CCP business  46,660  3.2%  (4,913)  (0.3%) 
Other income  1,171  0.1%  4,949  0.3% 
TOTAL REVENUE AND INCOME  1,474,707  1,418,810 
Euronext’s businesses are characterised by recurring revenue 
streams which generate resilient and robust free cash flow 3 
and allow Euronext to operate and invest in its business with 
flexibility. The Group’s market expertise and proven, multi-
asset class technology infrastructure allow Euronext to 
launch new products without substantial additional capital 
expenditure. Further, the Company’s trading businesses do 
not expose it to credit risk or counterparty risk, which is 
borne by the counterparties to the trade and not by the 
markets. Euronext believes that its capital-light business and 
resilient free cash flow generation provide the potential for 
attractive return for shareholders while observing its 
regulatory capital requirements.
Liquidity and transparency to all market participants through 
regulated exchanges
Euronext’s cash equities markets have a diverse member 
base by geography and trading profile, making for a 
particularly rich and diversified order book.
The combination of Euronext’s position as a leading pan-
European trading venue, the quality of its markets and the 
expertise of the Company’s teams has enabled Euronext to 
increase its market share in cash equities trading of the 
securities listed on its markets from 60% in 2011 to more than 
65% in 2023.
The relative share of trading on competing platforms has 
been relatively stable over the past five years. The primary 
tool for supporting market share is the flagship Supplemental 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 31
3 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial information

Page 34:
Liquidity Provision programme, which rewards liquidity 
providers for ensuring Euronext’s market quality remains 
high, whilst balancing against yield management 
considerations. Further tools have been developed to support 
market share such as dedicated fee schemes for non-
member proprietary flows or retail flows. Euronext continues 
to provide excellent market quality and best execution 
principles to retail investors through its functionality Best of 
Book.
Optiq®
Euronext has upgraded its core trading platform with Optiq ®, 
an enhanced, multi-market trading platform, providing 
customers with maximum flexibility, simplified and 
harmonised messaging as well as high performance and 
stability. Optiq ® combines the latest technologies with in-
house expertise.
Optiq® was rolled out across the Euronext markets to replace 
the Euronext Universal Trading Platform (UTP) in a phased 
implementation process. Market data has been managed 
through Optiq® for both cash and derivatives since July  2017, 
already delivering significant benefits to clients. In April and 
June  2018, the Optiq ® trading engine went live for fixed 
income and cash markets, with impressive stability and 
performance. Euronext Dublin markets migrated to Optiq ® in 
2019. In December 2019, Euronext completed the successful 
completion of the roll-out of its Derivatives market to Optiq ®. 
Oslo Børs markets migrated to Optiq ® in 2020, just 17 months 
after the closing of the acquisition. As part of the integration 
of the Borsa Italiana Group, Italian cash markets migrated to 
Optiq® in 2023 and Italian derivatives markets will follow in Q1 
2024.
Some of the third-party exchanges using UTP or former 
Euronext solutions have already migrated to Optiq ®. Other 
exchanges and market operators have also shown interest in 
this best-of-breed solution.
Offering of a Wide Range Of Product Services and Platforms
Euronext’s issuer base is diverse, comprising around 
1,930  companies from within its home markets as well as 
elsewhere in Europe and internationally. It spans ten industry 
classification benchmark sectors. Euronext’s corporate 
issuers differ in size and represent a combined market 
capitalisation of €6.6 trillion as of the end of December 2023.
The Company is the largest Regulated Market for Exchange 
Traded Products (ETPs) in continental Europe by number of 
trades, the second largest by volume with more than 3,800 
listed ETPs and an average daily trading value of more than 
€560 million from January to December 2023. Euronext is the 
second-largest warrants and certificates Exchange in Europe 
with over €26.9 billion turnover and nearly 4 million trades. 
Nearly 410,000 new instruments were listed in 2023 and over 
120,000 live instruments were available at the end of 
December 2023 to investors in Belgium, France, Italy, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Portugal.
Euronext is also a leading European derivatives trading venue, 
with derivatives trading activities across financial and 
commodity derivative products. The Group has established 
the CAC  40 ® futures contract as the second most traded 
national index in Europe, with an equivalent of €6.0 billion in 
nominal value on an average daily basis in 2023. The  milling 
wheat contracts which are the leading wheat derivatives in 
continental Europe, as well as the rapesee d commodity 
contracts continue to be included in recognised commodity 
benchmarks such as the S&P World Commodity Index and 
Rogers International Commodity indices.
Euronext operates an important bond market in Europe with 
more than 55,000 corporate, financial institutions, structured 
and government bonds listed on its markets and an 
internationally recognised derivatives platform. Euronext is 
also the majority owner of MTS. MTS is the leading fixed 
income trading platform in Europe, number one in Europe for 
Dealer-to-Dealer (D2D) European Government bonds trading, 
number one in Italian repo trading and number three in 
Europe for Dealer-to-Client (D2C) European Government 
bonds trading. As part of its mission to finance the real 
economy, Euronext has been appointed by the European 
Commission for the secondary market, and transparent 
negotiation, of bonds issued within the NextGenerationEU 
recovery programme in 2023.
Euronext FX is an Electronic Communication Network (ECN) 
for foreign exchange, precious metals and NDF trading (the 
latter through its subsidiary Euronext Markets Singapore). 
Powered by FastMatch ® technology, Euronext FX offers 
customers access to large pools of diversified and bespoke 
liquidity, transparency, flexibility in trading protocols and 
unique order types. Its award-winning technology provides 
unparalleled speed and the capacity to handle thousands of 
orders simultaneously for Euronext FX clients, which include 
financial institutions, banks, asset managers, hedge funds, 
proprietary trading firms and retail brokers.
Euronext owns 66% of Nord Pool, which operates a leading 
physical power market in Europe. Nord Pool operates both 
core intraday and day-ahead markets in the Nordics, Baltics, 
the UK and Ireland, France, Germany, Belgium, the 
Netherlands, Austria, Luxembourg and Poland.
Euronext also operates one of the leading structured 
products trading venues in Europe with around 130,000 
instruments available for trading. Euronext’s hybrid market 
model, also known as the Request For Execution market 
model, is widely recognised as one of the most advanced 
market models for trading structured products and more 
specifically warrants & certificates. In 2020 Euronext 
released additional features allowing for an optimised and 
more efficient post-trade model as well as the possibility for 
investors to trade these instruments until 22:00 CET, paving 
the way for a truly pan-European structured products market.
Euronext operates a multi-asset clearing house, Euronext 
Clearing, which provides proven risk management capabilities 
across a range of trading venues including Euronext regulated 
markets, MTS, BrokerTec and Hi-mtf. Asset classes cleared 
include equities, ETFs, Closed-end Funds, Financial 
Derivatives, Commodities (Agricultural & Energy) and Fixed 
income (Cash and Repos markets). In 2023, Euronext Clearing 
cleared c. 83 million transactions on shares, c.25 million lots 
on derivatives and more than €27 trillion of notional on repo. 
The CCP also held an average of €24 billion of margins to 
cover its clients’ activities.
“United in Diversity” with an Open Federal Model
Euronext is the only European exchange operating across 
multiple jurisdictions with a harmonised regulatory 
framework, a central order book for its exchanges in 
Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin, Lisbon, Oslo, Paris and soon 
Milan and a single trading platform offering access to all 
markets through a single connection. The central order book 
consolidates liquidity in each multi-listed security to tighten 
spreads and increase market depth and achieves optimal 
1 Presentation of the Group
32


Page 35:
price formation. Issuers listing on more than one of the 
Group’s markets benefit from enhanced visibility, 
qualification for inclusion in more local indices and greater 
exposure for their volumes and prices. The migration of 
Italian cash markets occured in 2023 and the migration of 
Borsa Italiana derivatives markets is currently planned from 
the first quarter of 2024.
The Group has generated sustainable and diversified cash 
flows across institutional, high frequency and algorithmic 
trading, own account, agency brokerage and retail client 
classes. The single liquidity pool model and pan-European 
technology are key to Euronext’s unique federal market 
structure. This structure enables the Company to integrate its 
constituent markets while they remain subject to regulation 
by national regulators. As a reminder, Euronext is also 
regulated by a College of Regulators at Group level (see 
section 1.4.2 - European Regulation).
1.3.3 LISTING
1.3.3.1 Listing − Products and Services
The Group’s issuer base is diverse, comprising around 
1,930  companies from within its home markets as well as 
elsewhere in Europe, and across the globe. Euronext’s 
corporate issuers differ in size and represent a combined 
market capitalisation of €6.6 trillion. Euronext’s listing 
franchise includes around 400  large cap companies 
(companies with a market capitalisation above €1 billion) and 
1,500 small & mid capitalisation companies as of 31 December 
2023.
At the end of December 2023 Euronext’s listed equity issuers 
accounted for 62% of Euro STOXX 50  component securities, 
and 33% of Euro STOXX 600 component securities. Euronext 
equity issuers are eligible to join a family of leading index 
products in each of Euronext's national markets including the 
AEX® in the Netherlands, BEL 20 ® in Belgium, CAC 40 ® in 
France, ISEQ® in Ireland, MIB ® ESG in Italy, PSI ® in Portugal and 
the OBX® in Oslo. Euronext's family of index products provides 
investors and issuers with benchmarks enabling them to 
measure and trade the performance of key segments and 
strategies. The Group also offers extensive trading 
opportunities to investors, such as single stock derivatives on 
the underlying securities listed on its markets.
In addition, Euronext is the number one venue for the listing 
of bonds globally, with over 9,700 new bond listings in 2023 
and a total of bonds exceeding 55,000 as of the end of 2023, 
surpassing 2022's total of 53,000+ listed bonds. Euronext lists 
all types of fixed income instruments, with global leadership 
in structured products, commercial papers, government 
bonds and ESG debt securities. 
Furthermore, Euronext advocates for its issuer community's 
interests. 
The leading listing venue in Europe
A market for each step of a company's growth
Euronext operates different kinds of markets to suit the 
evolving financing needs of companies at various stages of 
growth. These markets enable corporate clients at different 
stages of their development, whether early stage growth 
companies or more established businesses, to access capital 
from a broad range of investors and provide access to capital.
(i) Regulated markets: 
In Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin, Lisbon, Milan, Oslo and Paris, 
Euronext operates European regulated markets as defined 
under MiFID. These are suited to medium and large sized 
companies with substantial financing requirements. These 
regulated markets provide access to a large range of 
international investors and the possibility of inclusion in well-
known European indices. Euronext lists a wide variety of 
securities, including domestic and international equity 
securities, convertible bonds, debt securities (including 
corporate and government bonds), structured products 
(including warrants and certificates and structured notes), 
exchange traded funds (ETFs), open-ended and closed-ended 
investment funds.
Euronext regulated markets are segmented according to 
market capitalisation:
■ compartment A: companies with a market 
capitalisation of more than €1 billion;
■ compartment B: companies valued between 
€150 million and €1 billion;
■ compartment C: companies with a market 
capitalisation of less than €150 million.
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 33

Page 36:
(ii) Multilateral trading facilities: Euronext Growth, 
Euronext Access, Euronext Global Equity Market (GEM)
Euronext Growth (Brussels, Dublin, Lisbon, Milan, Oslo and 
Paris),  the pan-European Multilateral Trading Facility (MTF) 
dedicated to small & mid-caps, has been officially registered 
as an "SME Growth Market", as defined under MiFID, for both 
shares and bonds by the competent authorities in Belgium, 
France, Ireland, Italy, and Portugal. This status, introduced 
under MiFID II, has been designed to facilitate access to 
capital markets for European SMEs by further developing 
qualified markets to cater to the specific needs of small and 
medium-sized companies.
Euronext Growth is dedicated to fast-growing small and mid-
caps seeking to raise funds to finance their growth. It offers 
lighter requirements than Euronext’s regulated markets while 
still providing access to a significant number of European 
investors focused on SMEs. Listed companies have greater 
flexibility in their choice of accounting standards and are 
subject to less extensive post-listing reporting requirements 
than companies listed on regulated markets. Euronext Growth 
lists a wide variety of securities, including domestic and 
international equity securities, convertible bonds and 
corporate bonds. 
Euronext Access markets are designed especially for start-
ups and SMEs that wish to join a stock exchange to finance 
growth and gain the reputational advantages of listing but do 
not meet the criteria for admission to Euronext’s regulated 
markets and Euronext Growth. These markets are open to any 
company, regardless of size, performance, maturity or 
industry. Corporate bonds and structured products are also 
traded on Euronext Access. Euronext Access+ is a special 
compartment of Euronext Access tailored to the needs of 
start-ups and SMEs. Launched in  2017, Euronext Access+ 
helps smaller companies make a smooth transition to other 
Euronext markets, notably in terms of investor 
communications and transparency. This compartment, which 
is part of Euronext Access, serves as a springboard to other 
Euronext markets.
Euronext Global Equity Market (GEM) is a Multilateral Trading 
Facility based in Milan, to trade major pan-European and US 
stocks. It is aimed at retail investors who can now trade, in 
euros, 230+ US stocks and 120+ stocks from Germany, Spain, 
Finland and Sweden. Among GEM stocks, 250+ were added in 
November 2023. In addition, these stocks are available to 
trade after hours on the Trading After Hours (TAH) market 
from 18:00 to 20:30pm CET.
(iii) Other alternative markets
Euronext also offers alternative markets such as: 
■ Trading Facility, an MTF in Belgium;
■ Euronext Expert Market, based in Brussels, which 
enables negotiation of prices for unlisted products – 
such as shares, real estate certificates notes and 
bonds – once a week;
■ NOTC: the Oslo platform for the provision of quotes 
to allow non-listed firms to benefit from a level of 
liquidity.
■ The Global Exchange Market (GEM) is a Multilateral 
Trading Facility based in Dublin, for listing debt 
securities and investment funds. GEM is the largest 
MTF listing venue in Europe counting almost 29,000 
bonds (with approximatively two thirds of total 
Dublin bond listings) and 1,500+ investment funds 
classes listed.
Added-value services for Issuers
Euronext provides a range of services to its issuers including:
(i) ExpertLine
ExpertLine is a team of market professionals who provide 
issuers with feedback on real-time events that may affect 
their share price. ExpertLine also acts as a first port of call for 
issuers listed on all Euronext markets, listing sponsors and 
other intermediaries, and the team develops and provides 
issuers with a suite of services such as the Connect web 
portal that Euronext updates and enriches regularly.
(ii) Connect
Companies listed on Euronext markets have access to 
Connect, a secure web portal that provides issuers with 
market intelligence. Connect is also a publication tool, 
enabling issuers to upload and publish press releases, 
maintain their financial calendar and update their company’s 
profile on Euronext’s website.
(iii) Pre-IPO programmes
Euronext offers educational programmes for businesses 
aspiring to go public. Executives attend a 6-month training 
course during which they receive tools and insights, while 
accessing a network of advisors and experts to optimise their 
contemplated IPO. In 2023, Euronext pre-IPO programmes 
consolidated under one brand, “IPOready”. 
The programme has been widely enriched to address the 
needs of SMEs from all sectors, as well as Tech scale-ups, and 
is active across 9 locations in Europe. In addition to covering 
the fundamentals of IPO readiness and the listing process, the 
programme offers a range of advanced topics such as 
investor relations, corporate governance, ESG, and life as a 
listed company.
Listing venue of choice for SMEs
Euronext is the listing venue of choice for small and mid-cap 
companies in Europe with approximately 1,500 SMEs listed on 
Euronext markets representing a total market capitalisation 
of €219 billion as of 31 December 2023.
Over the past few years, Euronext has strengthened its 
franchise of small and medium-sized companies by adapting 
financing solutions to match the profile of small and medium-
sized companies, and by supporting them with tailored 
support and initiatives.
Boosting the financing of the Tech sector
Euronext is the leading European platform for fast-growing 
technology companies. In 2023, 22 Tech companies went 
public on Euronext markets, choosing Euronext to facilitate 
and support their strategic growth ambitions. Euronext’s pan-
European platform spans a wide range of subsectors with 
700+ listed Tech companies in Digital Services, Cleantech, 
Biotech, Medtech, technology, media and telecom (TMT), 
Software, IT Consulting and Technology Hardware. These 
companies represent a total market capitalisation close to 
€1,302 billion as at 31 December 2023.
1 Presentation of the Group
34


Page 37:
All Tech sectors are represented on Euronext markets 
(number of issuers by sector)
Cleantech, 159
Healthtech, 137
Digital services, 81Software, 78
Hardware & Robotics, 70
Tech Media & 
Entertainment, 57
Electronics, 39
Technology Advisory, 37
Telecommunications, 36
Fintech, 31
E-commerce & 
marketplace, 28
Agtech & Neutraceutical, 7
Hardware & Robotics, 1
Euronext helps private companies reach the next stage of 
development with IPOready, a six-month educational and 
mentoring programme aimed at familiarising key executives 
(CEOs, CFOs, founders) with capital markets. The participants 
the technology industry, including the following verticals: 
biotech, software, medtech, electronics, hardware, 
cleantech, e-commerce and fintech.
Active in all Euronext countries, but also in Spain and 
Germany, the programme supports key executives from fast-
growing companies through a combination of academic 
seminars, workshop sessions and individual coaching. 
IPOready is now a unique Tech network gathering 80+ 
partners from the financial industry and 920+ alumni, of which 
28 alumni have listed on Euronext, 3 of these in 2023: 
Florentaise, QEV and Yakkyo. 
Euronext Tech Leaders is a new segment and index launched 
in 2022 and dedicated to Tech issuers. 120+ high-growth and 
leading Tech companies are benefiting from new services 
such as:
■ the Euronext Tech leaders index;
■ a full suite of advisory and communication services 
to raise the international profile of listed European 
Tech companies;
■ an exclusive access to top-tier events organised by 
Euronext and its network of partners, including the 
Euronext Tech Leaders Campus, the annual meeting 
of the leading private and public European Tech 
companies; and
■ improved trading conditions on Euronext Tech 
Leaders stocks for retail investors as well as 
analytics coverage, thanks to Euronext's partnership 
with Early Metrics.
Market activity in 2023
Euronext markets in  2023 recorded a resilient financing 
activity through its 7 listing venues amid challenging market 
conditions, confirming its leading position in Europe for 
equity listing and globally for debt listing. 
Over the course of 2023, Euronext welcomed 64 new listed 
companies, representing an aggregated market capitalisation 
at listing of €50 billion, which raised €2.5 billion. 
The Tech industry continues to be a strong franchise for 
Euronext markets with more than a third of new listings 
carried out by Tech companies andover 700 Tech companies 
listed on Euronext in 2023.
In 2023, Euronext welcomed notably:
■ Seacrest Petroleo (€356 million of market 
capitalisation, €221m raised at listing), a large Brazilian 
oil and gas operator, listed on Euronext Oslo;
■ Lottomatica (€2.2 billion of market capitalisation, 
€600m raised at listing), the leading Italian operator in 
the legal gaming market, completed a private 
placement on Euronext Milan;
■ Ferrovial (€21.0 billion of market capitalisation), a 
leading global infrastructure operator based in Spain, 
opted for a direct listing on Euronext Amsterdam;
■ Coty Inc. (€10.0 billion of market capitalisation, €339m 
raised at listing) listed on Euronext Paris, and became 
the first US company to successfully raise capital 
through a simultaneous EUR and USD offering at the 
occasion of a European listing;
■ Syensqo (€8.8 billion of market capitalisation at listing), 
the specialty chemicals spin-off from Solvay, listed on 
Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris.
Moreover, 300+ issuers have raised €20 billion through 
follow-on transactions, to fund their growth and investment 
projects. Argenx, the largest European biotech, listed on 
Euronext Brussels, raised €1.1 billion through an all-primary 
share offering. EDP Renováveis, a cleantech listed on 
Euronext Lisbon, raised €1.0 billion to further develop their 
renewable energy production capacities. Neoen, an 
independent producer of renewable energy listed on Euronext 
Paris, raised €750 million through a rights issue, to further 
accelerate its growth in renewable energy production.
2019  22.3 
2020  43.6 
2021  109.4 
2022  32.3 
2023  23.6 
Euronext − Total money raised through equity (€bn)
(a) Figures consider money raised through listings and follow-
ons
In addition, the Euronext debt listing business has also grown 
in 2023, reinforcing its worldwide leadership position with 
over 9,700 new bond listings in 2023, surpassing 2022's total 
of 53,000+ listed bonds. Euronext's leadership position in ESG 
bonds has been strengthened with more than €290 billion in 
amount issued and an impressive growth stemming from 496 
new ESG bonds in 2023, bringing the amount raised through 
ESG bonds on Euronext markets to c. €1.3 trillion.
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 35

Page 38:
Empowering Sustainable Finance 
Euronext's "Growth for Impact 2024" strategic plan made 
environment, social, and governance (ESG) one of its 
priorities, empowering sustainable finance through an 
ambitious climate commitment for Euronext that aims to 
make a tangible impact on its partners and clients, with the 
launch of the "Fit for 1.5°" climate commitment, and also 
through an enhanced inclusive people strategy.
As expectations on transparency and sustainability continue 
to increase within the investor community, Euronext's first 
step was to equip listed companies by publishing guidelines 
for ESG reporting in January 2020 and updated in May 2022. 
The guide was designed to help issuers in their interactions 
with investors and the wider ESG community, to help them 
understand how to address ESG issues as a key component of 
investor relations, as well as the main principles to consider 
when preparing an ESG report. ESG reporting can appear 
particularly complex for smaller issuers in the absence of a 
clear set of globally used standards.
The Euronext guide focuses on three elements:
1. Materiality: the importance of identifying what is 
material for a business given its size, nature and 
geographic coverage whether for management or 
stakeholders
2. Investor Relations: the key and increasing role ESG 
reporting plays into feeding information to investors 
and nurturing financial communication 
3. Transparency: insight and tools to support the 
reporting process (key concerns and questions, 
illustrative indicators, details of international 
standards, etc.)
In November 2023, Euronext released My ESG Profile, a new 
tool showcasing listed companies’ extra-financial 
performance to the market. For all Euronext issuers, 60,000 
ESG data points are made available in a standardised form on 
Euronext website.
The incorporation of ESG factors into investment decision-
making is the first step to make finance more sustainable, to 
ensure better allocation and channeling of capital towards 
sustainable and transitioning assets:
1. Euronext’s remains the leading market for ESG bond 
issues in 2023.
2. Euronext is Europe’s leading exchange for financing 
the sustainability transition, with 159 cleantech 
companies representing an aggregated market 
capitalisation of €97 billion as at 31 December 2023.
3. Cleantech companies are also well represented 
among Euronext Tech Leaderss, benefitting from 
increased investor visibility and a dedicated service 
offering. 26 Tech Leaders are cleantechs, featuring 
an aggregated market capitalisation of €46 billion.
Latest developments on Euronext Tech Leaders
In June 2022, Euronext launched the Euronext Tech Leaders 
segment, dedicated to high-growth and leading Tech 
companies, with key partners active in private and public 
equity markets.
The segment provides listed Tech companies with a suite of 
services to support them throughout their financial journey 
and a full suite of pre-IPO services to attract private Tech 
listing candidates to Euronext’s markets, supporting their 
growth financing needs. Euronext Tech Leaders benefit from 
an enhanced visibility among Euronext’s large international 
investor base, as well as access to the largest financing 
liquidity pool in Europe, which attracted 25% of European lit 
continuous and auction equity trading activity in 2023 via the 
Optiq® trading platform. Euronext has developed these new 
services in close cooperation with both public and private 
institutions.-
The Euronext Tech Leaders segment is composed of 
innovative and high-growth Tech companies that are listed on 
Euronext markets and comply with a set of financial and non-
financial criteria. Tech companies listed on this segment 
benefit from increased visibility towards investors and 
services to facilitate their access to financing throughout 
their growth journey.
Since the launch of the initiative, Euronext has welcomed 20 
new Euronext Tech Leaders to its markets, bringing the total 
for the segment to 120+ issuers, with an aggregated market 
capitalisation of €0.9 trillion as of 31 December 2023. This 
initiative further strengthens Euronext’s Tech ecosystem of 
700+ listed Tech companies, 980+ private companies that are 
alumni of its pre-IPO programmes and a large base of 
international investors ﬁnancing all types of Tech company 
growth proﬁls.
In 2023, Euronext hosted the second edition of the Euronext 
Tech Leaders Campus in Paris. More than 180 meetings were 
organised between investors and Euronext Tech Leaders 
companies, accelerating the Group commitment in 
supporting European high-growth tech companies. 17 issuers 
joined the segment in 2023.
MyEuronext API for structured debt listings via MTM 
programmes
In line with its commitment towards driving innovation and 
delivering exceptional client listing experience, Euronext 
developed within MyEuronext portal an API solution for high 
frequency issuers. This new suite of automated and secured 
connectors caters to listing and post-listing services, notably 
supporting a fully-automated listing solution for structured 
debt instruments. MyEuronext portal already serves as a 
comprehensive and efficient single-entry point for debt 
issuers in Milan and Paris, enabling seamless listing 
procedures across these markets, and it will be expanded to 
other Euronext listing venues.
Users of the MyEuronext platform benefit from superior 
customer support, allowing them to comfortably scale up 
their issuing volumes while achieving significant operational 
cost reduction. The platform supplies multiple access 
options, including a user-friendly graphical interface, file 
transfer capabilities and API protocols, providing flexibility 
and convenience to users.
Societe Generale was the first debt issuer to connect to 
MyEuronext via API, demonstrating its ambition to fully 
automate the structured debt business from product 
origination to listing, post-listing and distribution. This new 
cost-effective model is expected to be replicated by other 
financial issuers.
Euronext Access Milan 
Euronext Access Milan was launched in September 2023, as a 
result of the successful reconversion of the Italian debt 
Multilateral Trading Facility (MTF) ExtraMOT into a new and 
1 Presentation of the Group
36


Page 39:
more agile MTF. The new debt listing venue is a fast, efficient 
and reputable market which will serve as a gateway to Italian 
debt capital markets for all Italian and international debt 
issuers, by offering: 
■ Access to a pan-European capital markets and 
diversified professional investor base
■ Streamlined listing process and admission rules
■ Regulation in line with European best practices 
■ Access to complementary financial services from 
the Euronext Group
■ Distribution and trading on Europe’s leading trading 
platform
Major Italian companies – notably including Campari, ENI and 
SNAM - have already repatriated their debt listing activity to 
Euronext Access Milan.
1.3.3.2 Euronext Corporate Services
Euronext Corporate Services is a fully-owned subsidiary of 
the Euronext Group launched in 2016 with the ambition to help 
listed companies make the most effective use of capital 
markets and support organisations with innovative solutions 
and tailor-made advisory services in Governance (iBabs), 
Compliance (ComplyLog), Communication (Company 
Webcast), Investor Relations (Advisory and IR Solutions). 
Corporate Services already serves more than 4,500+ clients in 
over countries, of which over 1,000+ are listed companies. 
Euronext Corporate Services helps listed companies make 
the most effective use of capital markets, from blue-chip 
large caps to SMEs, located across all Euronext markets and 
beyond (Sweden, the United Kingdom, Germany, and Spain). 
Euronext Corporate Services offers a unique and 
comprehensive value proposition based around five main 
pillars: 
1. Investor Relations: 
■ tailor-made advisory, market intelligence, 
decision making analytics and ESG advisory 
services for listed companies;
■ complete and intuitive investor 
relationship management and targeting 
platform;
■ dynamic and strategic analysis of 
shareholding structure;
■ flexible and customised market data 
components for listed companies' investor 
relations websites; 
■ regulatory news services for listed 
companies to distribute announcements to the 
market;
2. Communication: comprehensive range of webcast, 
webinar and conference call services for all types 
corporate events (investor relations, internal 
communication, marketing, training, etc.);
3. Governance: digital board portal solution helping 
organisations to secure their board meetings and to 
streamline their decision making processes; 
4. Compliance: 
■ innovative solution to automate the 
management of insider lists in a way that both 
saves time and ensures compliance with the 
requirements of the Market Abuse Regulation; 
■ whistleblowing solution that allows safe, 
anonymous reporting of all potential ethical 
violations and wrongdoing;
■ automated employee trade monitoring 
tool;
■ digital liability register that saves 
municipalities time when ensuring compliance 
with the Finnish Municipality Act;
5. Academy:
■ corporate training centre providing best-
in-class capital markets training courses and 
programmes
This offering has been built through a combination of organic 
developments and acquisitions. To achieve its ambition, 
Euronext has notably acquired four companies providing 
innovative solutions for corporates:
■ Company Webcast (100%-owned), a leading 
company specialising in professional webcast and 
webinar services;
■ IR.Manager (100%-owned), an investor relations CRM 
platform supporting IR team workflow and providing 
an investor targeting tool; 
■ IBabs (100%-owned), a leading Dutch provider of 
dematerialised and secured board portal solutions 
for corporate and public organisations;
■ Complylog (100%-owned), a leading provider of 
specialised compliance solutions that enable 
compliance teams to meet EU regulatory 
requirements with lower risk and higher efficiency.
1.3.4 Trading
Euronext is the leading trading venue in Europe. It provides 
multiple marketplaces for investors, broker-dealers and other 
market participants to meet directly to buy and sell cash 
equities, derivatives, agricultural commodities, power, FX, 
fixed income securities, securitised derivatives, and 
exchange traded products (ETPs). One of the primary 
functions of the Group’s markets is to ensure that orders to 
purchase and sell securities are executed in a reliable, 
orderly, liquid and efficient manner. Order execution occurs 
through a variety of means and Euronext continually seeks to 
develop additional and more efficient trading processes.
1.3.4.1 Cash Trading
Products and services
Equities
The Company is the market leader in cash equity trading in its 
seven home markets of Belgium, France, Ireland, the 
Netherlands, Portugal, Norway and Italy. Over 2023, Euronext 
market share in cash equities trading of the securities listed 
on its markets averaged 65.1% and the Company had a strong 
blue chip issuer presence. At the end of December 2023, 
Euronext's issuers accounte d for 62% of Euro STOXX 50 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 37

Page 40:
component securities and 33% of the Euro STOXX 600 
component securities. 
Euronext is ranked first in Europe as measured by domestic 
market capitalisation and first by average daily lit and auction 
equity trading value. In addition, the Group has a solid 
exchange traded product (ETP) trading franchise based on 
over 3,000 ETPs listed on its markets. In 2023, the total 
Euronext transaction value on equities w as €2,393 billion . In 
equities, Euronext outperforms peer exchanges in yield 
extraction while maintaining high market share. This is 
achieved through a combination of superior execution quality, 
sophisticated liquidity schemes and advanced pricing 
segmentation. Euronext offers a compelling value proposition 
across the transaction chain, from blue chips to small 
companies, with tailored market models to maximise the 
depth and quality of liquidity available for trading those 
companies on the secondary market and to best adapt to the 
different types of client order flows as necessary.
Since the introduction of new European Union legislation in 
2007, via MiFID, competition for share trading has been 
intense. Yet Euronext has been successful in maintaining 
market share above 60% throughout the past decade 
demonstrating the resilience of its core business. Euronext’s 
product, pricing and client strategy and the execution thereof 
are vital to maintain the high quality of execution and broad 
diversity of clients active on Euronext’s markets.
Euronext operates equity markets of which the main financial 
instruments are shares. Shares are any share of capital stock 
or any other equity securities issued by a corporation or other 
incorporated business enterprise.
Since 2017, Euronext’s competitive position in equities has 
been enhanced due to the evolution of its blue-chip liquidity 
scheme, a new best execution service for retail investors 
(Best of Book), a new fee scheme for non-member proprietary 
flow (Omega), a Local Fee Scheme dedicated to national local 
clients and new incentives embedded in the agency tariff to 
attract incremental flow from trading members. Euronext has 
re-positioned both the equity and warrants business to 
ensure its offering to local members in Euronext’s home 
markets is attractive and that flow from the local client 
community is either retained or repatriated. These initiatives 
enable Euronext to continue enhancing execution quality 
available on Euronext’s markets which is key to add value to 
clients and to compete effectively.
Best of Book service for retail best execution
Since 2017, Euronext has offered a best execution service for 
retail orders. In partnership with dedicated liquidity providers, 
Best of Book offers price improvement in the central order 
book for retail brokers by adding a layer of liquidity at a price 
equal to or better than the price in the central order book 
exclusively for retail flow. This helps ensure best execution 
for brokers executing orders on behalf of retail clients, in a 
way that ensures compliance and that the end investor 
achieves an optimum result. The service promotes and 
strengthens the diversity of Euronext’s order book to the 
benefit of the whole market.
Omega Fee Scheme for non-member proprietary trading 
flow
In 2016, Euronext launched a new pilot fee scheme for non-
member proprietary trading flow. Non-member proprietary 
firms wishing to participate in the Omega fee scheme enter 
into a tripartite arrangement with Euronext and the member 
intermediary. This scheme provides non-member firms with 
improved value when trading on Euronext markets while 
promoting and strengthening the diversity of Euronext’s order 
book to the benefit of the whole market.
Dark and Midpoint functionalities
Dark trading venues have become crucial alternatives to 
regulated markets, and MiFID II regulatory changes have 
further solidified the need for such platforms. Investors 
continue to seek efficient mechanisms to source liquidity and 
execute trades safely.
In 2024, Euronext will offer dark and midpoint trading 
functionalities to all Euronext members, as such pool of 
liquidity will be embedded in the Euronext Central Limit Order 
Book, and not on a separate MTF. All Euronext members may 
beneﬁt from an integrated solution to contribute or remove 
liquidity from the platform and deliver value to their 
customers.
Exchange Traded Funds
Euronext, the leading European Regulated Market for 
Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) in 2023 as measured by 
number of trades (Source: FESE), offers a comprehensive 
solution for multi-national listing and trading in ETPs. In 2023, 
in combination with the migration of Borsa Italiana’s cash 
franchise onto Euronext’s Optiq trading platform, Euronext 
took the opportunity to harmonise its markets from a 
functionality as well as pricing point of view for issuers and 
trading members. Euronext markets are supported by robust 
infrastructure where product supply and demand meet within 
a framework of deep liquidity and advanced price formation. 
Euronext develops and maintains relations not only with 
issuers, but also liquidity providers, intermediaries, investors, 
regulators and other in the ETF community to understand 
their challenges and needs, providing strong alignment with 
Euronext’s business goals and a strong foundation to co-
create new products to accelerate growth in the ETF industry 
with the support of its major participants. 
Euronext’s client alignment is demonstrated by Euronext 
being consistently recognised as the Best European 
Exchange for Listing ETFs. 
Open Ended Investment Funds
The Euronext Fund Services (EFS) offer asset managers ways 
to achieve better operational efficiency and enhance asset 
gathering opportunities. By engaging in active discussions 
with key stakeholders, the Company believes its offering is a 
relevant choice for any issuer considering fund distribution in 
Europe.
The services include the Euronext Fund Service Amsterdam, 
first launched in 2007, which enables Fund Managers to 
further extend the geographic reach of their funds across 
Europe and will include a broader choice of trading solutions;
EFS enables both local and global asset managers to list their 
funds (whether large or small) on Euronext’s regulated 
platform, enhancing the profile of the funds and helping to 
attract higher levels of investment into those funds. 
Securitised Derivatives (Warrants and Certificates)
Euronext operates a retail structured products business 
across its continental European franchise, servicing the 
needs of retail investors via intermediary service provision, 
namely listing warrants, certificates and structured notes, 
developing Euronext’s market model for high quality liquidity 
1 Presentation of the Group
38


Page 41:
provision and ensuring execution by retail brokers is cost 
efficient. Euronext develops relationships with its issuers not 
only to expand their usage of existing tailored services but 
also to create new and innovative services for operational 
efficiency and business expansion such as bilateral 
settlement (optimizing the settlement model and costs) and 
trading until 22.00 CET (allowing investors to trade 
securitised derivatives in Europe up until the close of US 
markets).
Cash Market structure and functionality
Cash trading on Euronext’s markets is hosted on the 
proprietary strategic architecture Optiq ®. The Group’s trading 
rules provide for an order-driven market using an open 
electronic central order book for each traded security, various 
order types and automatic order matching and a guarantee of 
full anonymity both for orders and trades. While the core 
trading system is built on this order-driven principle, the 
flexibility of Euronext’s technology enables Euronext to 
develop different types of matching algorithms and 
functionalities to suit the different price formation 
mechanisms that exist amongst the different cash asset 
classes and to cater for different market participant needs. 
For example, Euronext continued to develop its best 
execution service for retail investors, Best of Book, which 
brings retail brokers an additional layer of liquidity specifically 
aimed at offering price improvement for retail order flow. This 
service is integrated into Euronext’s central order book 
enabling members to interact with this liquidity through the 
same connection as for the core market.
The Company also operates a sophisticated liquidity provider 
programme for blue chips and liquid mid-cap equities which 
aims at ensuring Euronext offers superior market quality. 
Euronext’s equity markets continue to yield the best market 
quality metrics amongst its competitors. These metrics 
include, amongst others, spread, market depth, best price 
setting and presence time at the best bid and offer spread. 
The programme encompasses both a presence time 
obligation at the best bid and offer spread and a minimum 
passive volume obligation. This volume obligation is of 
particular interest as, in combination with the presence time 
obligation, it creates order persistence and therefore 
increases probability of execution. In a fragmented trading 
environment, market quality metrics are actively used by 
trading firms as decision making parameters embedded in 
their order routing systems and therefore contribute to 
maintaining Euronext’s market share. Furthermore, dark and 
midpoint functionalities will be launched in 2024 and fully 
embedded on Optiq®.
Cash Market trading members
The Group has a diverse member base, from retail, large 
investment banks or regional banks and brokers, with a strong 
presence in its seven domestic markets.
Cash trading average daily volume by geographic origin 
of customers
The average daily volume on Euronext’s cash trading markets 
(including equities, ETFs and structured products) for the last 
twelve months ended 31  December 2023 amounted to €10.0 
billion (single counted).
For the last twelve months ended 31 December 2023, 65% of 
cash trading on Euronext originated from Europe, 34% from 
the United States and 1% from the United Kingdom (based on 
location of customers worldwide headquarters).
Cash trading average daily traded volumes, in million
Jan 
22
Feb 
22
Mar 
22
Apr 
22
May 
22
Jun 
22
Jul 
22
Aug 
22
Sep 
22
Oct 
22
Nov 
22
Dec 
22
Jan 
23
Feb 
23
Mar 
23
Apr 
23
May 
23
Jun 
23
Jul 
23
Aug 
23
Sep 
23
Oct 
23
Nov 
23
Dec 
23
€0
€5,000
€10,000
€15,000
€20,000
Advanced pricing strategy
During 2023, Euronext continued to optimise and adjust its 
pricing strategy on several key components of the tariff 
structure. The flagship liquidity provision programme 
(Supplemental Liquidity Programme) continued to help in 
delivering a strong performance in the quality of Euronext's 
cash market while delivering substantial yield. Furthermore, 
as part of the "Growth for Impact 2024" strategic plan, 
Euronext committed to 'capitalise on its federal model', 
incentivising ‘natural’ flow from local and regional brokers and 
the buy-side in each market. Euronext succeeded in 
maintaining for cash trading an average market share greater 
than 63% (precisely 65.1% average in FY 2023) and revenue 
capture above the 0.52bps committed levels following the 
migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®.
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 39

Page 42:
1.3.4.2 Derivatives Trading
Products and services
Euronext is a leading pan-European derivatives trading venue 
with trading activities across ﬁnancial and commodity 
derivatives products.
Euronext offers financial derivatives trading in its markets in 
Amsterdam, Brussels, Lisbon, Oslo, Paris, and Milan with 
Borsa Italiana. Euronext was the second largest market for 
equity and index derivatives in Europe in number of contracts. 
Euronext offers local markets access to the trading of futures 
and options based on global equities, dividends, local market 
indices including the AEX®, BEL 20®, CAC 40®, ISEQ®, PSI®, 
OBX®, FTSE MIB and established pan-European equity indices 
such as the Euronext® Eurozone Banks Index Derivatives or 
FTSEuroﬁrst and FTSE EPRA/NAREIT real estate indices.
Starting 2023, Euronext began transforming its distribution 
network with the launch of the first version of Euronext 
Trader, a new web-based trading interface. Developed by 
Gatelab, a subsidiary of Euronext, this platform simplifies 
access to Euronext's comprehensive product range. Euronext 
Trader not only enables members to cross outrights and 
numerous strategies but also offers a Total Return Future 
pricer that converts basis points into index points, and vice 
versa. In 2023, eight members were fully onboarded. More 
than €16.9 billion in nominal value was traded through 
Euronext Trader, amounting to 770,000 contracts. This 
includes 173,000 index futures and 597,000 equity options. 
The Euronext Derivatives team is currently focused on 
expanding the client base for this tool, aiming to significantly 
increase trading volumes.
Euronext also offers commodity derivatives trading with 
futures and options based on milling wheat, corn, rapeseed, 
and durum wheat. The Group is the leading agricultural 
commodity franchise in Europe and its core commodity 
contracts have long been relied upon as trusted global and 
European benchmarks. Euronext also offers trading in 
financial salmon futures contracts through its subsidiary Fish 
Pool.
In 2023, the notional value of the financial derivatives traded 
on Euronext’s derivatives markets was €4.4 trillion, 
equivalent to an average of €19.7 billion per day.
Euronext’s derivatives team has a mission to bring innovation 
and agility to the derivatives markets. Since Euronext’s IPO in 
June 2014, Euronext has focused on researching and 
developing new derivatives products together with its client 
community. Euronext continues to expand its capabilities and 
make its business work better for Euronext’s customers.
Euronext is pursuing the expansion of its commodity 
derivatives strategy along three axes:
1. focus on the core European agricultural markets;
2. innovation and diversification with cash-settled 
commodities;
3. enhanced client centric approach.
Number of contracts traded, in millions  of lots
53.4
46
39.5 39.9
44.2
36.9 39 37.7
Q1 
2022
Q2 
2022
Q3 
2022
Q4 
2022
Q1 
2023
Q2 
2023
Q3 
2023
Q4 
2023
0
20
40
60
Average daily volumes traded on derivatives, in lots
Jan 
22
Feb 
22
Mar 
22
Apr 
22
May 
22
Jun 
22
Jul 
22
Aug 
22
Sep 
22
Oct 
22
Nov 
22
Dec 
22
Jan 
23
Feb 
23
Mar 
23
Apr 
23
May 
23
Jun 
23
Jul 
23
Aug 
23
Sep 
23
Oct 
23
Nov 
23
Dec 
23
—
250,000
500,000
750,000
1,000,000
Both graphs include financial and commodities derivatives.
1 Presentation of the Group
40


Page 43:
Financial Derivatives
Equity products: versatility and leverage
Equity options and futures enable holders to hedge against, or 
take position on, changes in the underlying share. More than 
540 equity options and over 550 equity futures can be traded 
on Euronext, making the Company one of the leading markets 
for equity derivatives trading. Equity options trading has 
historically been particularly active in Amsterdam due to high 
retail participation.
Equity index products: hedging against fluctuations 
in the European equity market
Equity index derivatives allow holders to hedge against, or 
take position on, changes in the future level of a particular 
index, the investor paying or receiving a cash sum 
representing their loss or gain on the future or option. 
Euronext’s equity index derivatives allow customers to hedge 
against fluctuations in a range of European stock market 
indices and the European equity market as a whole, and many 
are available as weekly or daily contracts as well as the more 
usual monthly contracts.
Euronext's flagship equity index products encompass the CAC 
40® index future, the FTSE MIB index future, and the AEX® 
index option. These contracts rank among the most actively 
traded national index derivatives on European exchanges. 
Additionally, Euronext offers mini and micro index 
derivatives. These allow investors to pursue similar 
investment strategies with lower initial margin requirements 
or smaller trading amounts.
Dividend products: Hedging dividend risk and reducing 
volatility exposure
Dividend index futures and stock dividend futures allow 
holders to hedge against, or take position on, changes in the 
dividend of a particular index or underlying share. Euronext’s 
dividend products include the CAC 40® and AEX® dividend 
index futures, and more than 330 single stock dividend 
futures (including 70 contracts on US names, 22 on Swiss 
names and 26 on Swedish names…), making up the broadest 
offering in Europe.
Total Return product: a listed solution to access implied 
equity repo
The Total Return Future (“TRF”) on the CAC 40® Index launched 
in October 2018 has been developed by Euronext in order to 
meet clients’ need for a listed solution to trade total return 
swaps. With increased capital requirements being imposed by 
Basel III and EMIR, the new total return future contract offers 
strong netting advantages while providing a transparent and 
secure trading environment to access the implied equity repo 
rate on the constituents of the CAC 40® index. Euronext has 
been the ﬁrst exchange to launch a TRF on a national 
benchmark. In 2023, the CAC 40 TRF reached a significant 
milestone by exceeding 1 million lots traded, with record-
breaking monthly volumes in January and February. Since 
launch, a total of 1,400,000 contracts have been traded, 
representing a nominal value of €99 billion. The contract 
continues to gain traction among the buy-side community, 
largely due to the introduction of extended maturities of up to 
10 years at the end of 2022. These longer maturities have 
significantly contributed to the observed increase in trading 
volume this year.
Commodity derivatives
Euronext is a leading provider of agricultural commodity 
derivatives with several of the Company’s contracts 
established as global price benchmarks for the international 
commercial and ﬁnancial community. During the 2021-2023 
period the franchise successfully remained open every 
trading day despite extremely volatile conditions with the 
outburst of the Russian-Ukrainian war which has direct 
consequences on grain markets and the Euronext milling 
wheat futures has conﬁrmed its role as principal instrument 
of hedging for the global wheat market. Euronext made a 
strong commercial push concentrating on both the mainly 
European commercial clients and also with a set of focused 
incentive programmes for international ﬁnancial operators. 
This delivered concrete results including:
■ record total volumes in 2023 with 23.1 million lots 
traded across the board, up +15% compared to 2022;
■ July 20th 2023 was an all-time daily volume record 
with 252,179 lots traded across the products, 
including an individual record on the milling wheat 
futures contract with 187,898 lots (equivalent to 9.4 
million tonnes traded on the day);
■ November 2023 is a new all-time record volume 
month with 2,453,760 lots of futures and options 
traded (+2.1% compared to the previous record 
month in November 2021).
The volumes of the flagship milling wheat futures contract 
increased by +16% in 2023 and reached an average level of 
more than 65,000 lots traded on a daily basis, representing 
the equivalent of 3.2 million tonnes of wheat or 6.2 times the 
total quantity of EU milling wheat annual production traded 
over the course of the year. The rapeseed futures contract 
increased by 40% over the year. The 2024 commodity 
development strategy builds on recent activity and focuses 
on:
■ the launch of a cash-settled platform starting with 
outright contracts and then extending to more 
complex spread-based contracts. Durum wheat is 
the ﬁrst of these outright priced contracts followed 
by the integration of the existing Fish Pool cash-
settled contract;
■ improvement of the current offer to clients with 
some new technical upgrades. This will improve the 
existing performance;
■ innovation with an internal and efficient clearing 
solution, Euronext Clearing, where Euronext will also 
continue to improve its contract physical delivery 
and settlement processes.1
Derivatives trading members
Trading members on Euronext's derivative markets fall into 
categories such as dealers, brokers, or a combination of both. 
Their activities encompass a wide range, including retail 
broking, investment banking, dealing, algorithmic trading, 
high-frequency trading, and international physical trading. 
Euronext's client base is notably diverse, both in client types 
and geographical spread. Trading members have the option to 
serve as market makers or liquidity providers, roles that are 
vital for the efficient functioning of the price formation 
process in derivative instruments. In these roles, members 
enter into agreements with Euronext, which outline their 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 41
1 Subject to regulatory approval 

Page 44:
responsibilities regarding liquidity display and spread 
maintenance. Furthermore, market makers and liquidity 
providers leverage mass quotes to place multiple orders 
simultaneously. This capability enables them to transmit buy 
and sell orders across various contract months in a single 
message. This approach significantly enhances the efficiency 
of updating prices for Euronext’s extensive derivatives range 
in a timely manner.
1.3.4.3 Fixed Income trading
Euronext Fixed Income trading is made up of two parts: 1) 
MTS2 (wholesale) and 2) retail.
MTS
MTS is a leading operator of regulated electronic platforms 
for European rates, credit and money markets, supporting 
daily transaction volumes of more than €180 billion (notional). 
MTS Cash is a comprehensive and professional cash 
securities trading environment for the interdealer 
marketplace. MTS Repo is a venue for professional repo 
trading. MTS BondVision is a trusted and efficient multi-
Dealer-to-Client electronic cash bond and repo trading 
platform, providing buyside clients with real-time pricing and 
the ability to trade with the major dealers.
Market volatility and higher interest rates continued to 
support robust volumes throughout 2023, with MTS Cash 
volumes increasing +22% year-on-year, from €18.9bn in 2022 
to €23.0bn per day in 2023. MTS Repo notional volume 
increased +12% from €149 billion per day in 2022 to €167 
billion in 2023.
Throughout 2023, MTS continued to grow and develop its 
business. MTS EU, a new D2D market, was successfully 
launched in November 2023 following recognition as a trading 
platform for the implementation of electronic market making 
on EU issued debt instruments by EU Primary Dealers. The 
launch was very successful with robust trading volumes from 
day 1.
Retail 
Euronext, with its regulated markets (in Milan, Paris, Brussels, 
Amsterdam, Lisbon) and MTFs (EuroTLX, Growth, Access) is a 
leading European platform for the electronic trading of ﬁxed 
income securities in retail size/odd-lots. 103 members trade 
9,766 corporate, ﬁnancial institutions and government listed 
bonds, representing a 2023 total turnover of approximately 
€274.0 billion 3. Euronext also operates an Off-book On-
Exchange (“OBOE”) reporting business in Oslo with 13 
members reporting a monthly average of €18.3 billion 4.  
In 2023, MOT registered a robust performance driven by 
sustained favorable market conditions, including high 
inflation, rising interest rates and increased volatility. These 
factors sparked growing investors interest, particularly in 
government bonds. The MOT average daily volume was 
€1,015.1  million (+58% vs 2022) and the average daily trades 
31,127 (+65% vs 2022). The successful public distribution/
offering of 6 bonds (3 corporate and 3 Italian government 
bonds) led to a total of roughly €46 billion raised.
On EuroTLX-BondX, there has been a slight decline of the 
trading activity in 2023 compared to the levels observed in 
2022. The persistent illiquidity conditions in the credit 
secondary market continue to exert negative pressure on 
both trading volumes and market-making activities. The 
average daily volume was of €46 million (-9% vs 2022) and an 
average daily trade of 1,745 (-14% vs 2022). 
In 2023, Euronext Fixed Income Regulated Markets (FI RM) 
saw an increase in trading activity compared with 2022 (if the 
group exclude the exceptional event of the French 
government tender offer on EDF convertible bond) due to 
sustained positive market conditions. The FI RM average daily 
volume was €17.6 million (+44% vs 2022) with 1,005 average 
daily trades (+17% vs 2022), it is noteworthy that the activity 
was mainly focused on government and financial bonds. 
1.3.4.4 FX trading
In 2023, Euronext FX – Euronext’s Electronic Communication 
Network (ECN) for spot foreign exchange (FX), precious 
metals, and its ECN for non-deliverable forwards (NDFs) 
through Euronext FX’s Euronext Markets Singapore subsidiary 
– continued to improve their respective market share as a 
result of continued growth in client acquisition and effective 
liquidity management for existing clients.
In 2023, $22.4 billion of spot FX were traded on average daily 
on Euronext FX across 137 currency pairs. Metals trading 
reached an all-time high of $780million in 2023. 
In August 2023, Euronext FX launched Collapse-to-Mid (CTM), 
a peg order that can be triggered at mid if there is opposing 
interest. CTM users can experience faster fill times, low 
market impact and the ability to earn spread. 
Euronext FX also offers real time and historical market data, 
as well as a new derived data set, launched in 2023, FX Market 
Flow™, which has seen increasing subscription by quant 
funds.
1.3.4.5 Power trading
Euronext operates power markets through Nord Pool, of 
which it owns 66%. Nord Pool operates the leading power 
market in Europe and operates across 16 European countries 
including the Nordics, Baltics, and the UK in addition to 
France, Germany, Austria, Belgium, the Netherlands, 
Luxembourg  and Poland, while also servicing power markets 
in Croatia, Bulgaria and Romania. Nord Pool offers platforms 
for power trading – day-ahead and intraday (continuous 
trading) – and clearing and settlement, compliance, 
transparency and data services. Nord Pool delivers simple, 
efficient and secure multi-market power trading. 
Nord Pool operates the physical power market, a short-term 
market where financial settlement takes place at the same 
time as physical delivery. As the central counterpart for all 
trades, Nord Pool ensures that all members are secured via 
bank guarantees or pledged cash and follows up, on a daily 
basis, to ensure that all members’ payments are executed in 
accordance with the settlement schedule. Nord Pool has 
more than 30 years of power market experience built on 
offering flexibility, transparency, innovation, greater choice 
and participation to its customers. In 2023, ~400 companies 
from more than 20 countries traded on Nord Pool’s markets. 
During 2023, a total of 1,1034.8 TWh 5 of power was traded 
through Nord Pool. The aggregated Day-ahead volume was 
1,030.3 TWh and the 2023 volumes on the intraday markets 
1 Presentation of the Group
42
2 MTS is 63.1% owned by Euronext
3 Excluding OBOE /TCS
4 Single counted
5 Trading volume quoted for Nord Pool’s markets comprises all buy volume (total volume bought per hour by market participants) plus all sell volume (total volume sold per hour by market participants) 
within each bidding zone

Page 45:
marked a record year with an increase of 95% compared to 
2022. The total Intraday volume for 2023 was 73.6 TWh.
1.3.5 ADVANCED DATA SERVICES
1.3.5.1 Market Data
Euronext’s market data portfolio provides a wide range of 
data products to the global investment community, including 
pre- and post-trade market prices, index composition, and 
reference data spanning its Cash and Derivatives markets in 
Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin, Lisbon, Milan, Oslo and Paris. 
The data is used by traders and investors to make buy or sell 
decisions with confidence, and by issuers to create new 
tradable products such as ETFs. Euronext’s market data 
clients range from the largest investment banks in the world 
to individual investors trading from their front room.
Euronext’s market data business consists of two product and 
service categories:
Real-Time Market Data
Euronext’s main data offering involves the distribution of real-
time market data. This data includes price, trade and order 
book data on all instruments traded on the cash and 
derivatives markets, as well as information about Euronext’s 
indices. The data is marketed through different information 
products which are packaged according to the type of 
instrument, the depth of the information, and the type of 
customer. Euronext continues to invest in its trading and 
information platforms to ensure both execution and data 
services are of the highest quality and value. In 2023, 
Euronext has successfully completed the technical migration 
of Bosa Italiana's and EuroTLX cash and fixed income markets 
onto Optiq 
Effective from 1 April 2023, Euronext integrated Borsa Italiana 
and EuroTLX data into the existing Euronext agreement, 
harmonising Euronext's commercial model across seven 
market places. The data is disseminated primarily via data 
vendors but also directly to financial institutions and other 
service providers in the financial sector. Over 500 vendors 
currently disseminate Euronext market data to approximately 
265,000 screens in over 120 countries. During 2023, Euronext 
continued to see an increase in the use of Euronext data in 
automated trading applications, but no significant change in 
the number of professional users viewing data on traditional 
trading screens.
Retail clients have access to data from Euronext’s markets 
through the Live.Markets section of the Live.Euronext.com 
website or via retail brokers. During 2023, the number of retail 
clients using Euronext data remained strong growing (+33% 
vs 2022).
Data Solutions
In addition to real-time market data, Euronext also provides 
daily historical data services, as well as reference and 
corporate action. These services include both traditional 
continental Euronext data as well as Euronext Dublin, Oslo 
Børs and Borsa Italiana data. 
In 2023, Borsa Italiana data was integrated into Euronext 
platforms, including also a complete commercial migration of 
all Borsa Italiana customers on Euronext contractual 
frameworks. In 2023, Euronext integrated its commercial 
model and combined products. Additionally, it implemented 
new delivery methodologies such as SFTP and Cloud API, 
which will continue to be enhanced during 2024.
1.3.5.2 Advanced Data
In 2019 Euronext launched Market Flow which shows a daily 
breakdown of trading flows on the cash order book. It 
provides analytic products based on Euronext proprietary 
data, anonymised and aggregated. Euronext is seeing strong 
demand for these high-value products  and the client base is 
expanding.The product now includes Borsa Italiana data and 
FX data since early 2023. Euronext Quant Research will start 
investigating the Commodity and Nord Pool space in 2024.
Euronext now has multiple new diverse sources of data from 
which to extract value, including Borsa Italiana Group, MTS, 
Oslo Børs, Euronext Dublin, Euronext FX, and Commcise. 
Euronext will continue to invest in advanced data products 
and reinforce its quantitative research team.
1.3.5.3 Indices
Euronext is a leading index provider in Europe with almost 40 
years of experience in the index space. Euronext designs, 
calculates and publishes major national indices in Europe, 
including the AEX ® and AEX ESG, BEL 20 ®, CAC 40 ® and CAC 
ESG®, ISEQ®, MIB® ESG, PSI®, OBX® and OBX ESG.
Responsible investment has become increasingly important 
in the world of finance, with the aim of supporting more 
sustainable growth. Euronext’s ambition is to proactively 
contribute to the construction of a sustainable financial 
ecosystem. In response to the demand for mainstream ESG 
solutions, Euronext has introduced several ESG Blue-Chip 
indices taking into account Environmental, Social and 
Governance practices to continue supporting the growing 
demand for investment solutions with ESG, climate, thematic, 
alternative energy, healthcare and other trends, Euronext 
offers a large range of qualitative, liquid and research-
enhanced solutions.
Euronext indices are licensed by the world’s largest issuers of 
financial products. Euronext's strong brand, track record and 
ability to innovate and quick execution time make Euronext 
one of the main and innovative index providers.
More than 18 ESG indices have been launched in 2023, 
notably:
■ The CAC SBT 1.5 Index: The CAC SBT 1.5 Index 
selects companies from the SBF 120 index that have 
emissions reduction targets approved to be in line 
with the 1.5°C goal of the Paris Agreement. The index 
has been built with the support of Amundi, CDP and 
SBTi, and provides a climate-focused version of the 
CAC 40;
■ Euronext has also expanded the SBT 1.5° index 
family by adding 2 European benchmarks: The 
Euronext Europe SBT 1.5 and Euronext Eurozone 
SBT 1.5 Indices. The two indices select, with the 
support of the SBT Initiative and CDP, European 
companies that have emissions reduction targets in 
line with the Paris Agreement;
■ The Euronext Biodiversity Enablers World: The index 
is constructed in collaboration with Iceberg Data 
Lab. The index is the first world benchmark index 
highlighting the positive impact that companies can 
have on biodiversity, and measuring the double 
materiality assessment of companies worldwide.
In 2023 Euronext also launched the second set of 
Cryptocurrency indices. Based on a resilient and BMR 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 43

Page 46:
compliant methodology, they serve as independent and 
transparent reference prices to value cryptocurrency 
portfolio or as benchmarks. The cryptocurrency indices are 
administered and calculated by Compass Financial 
Technology SA. This second set of indices covers an 
additional 25 single cryptocurrency names and a crypto 
basket index.
More than five thematic indices have been launched in 2023, 
notably:
■ The Euronext Helios Space Index: The index has 
been built with the support of the European Space 
Agency, the Euronext Commission and Promus 
Ventures. It tracks the performance of companies 
with upstream or downstream activities related to 
the Space industry, which are within ESA (European 
Space Agency) member states or benefiting from 
European support;
■ The Euronext AI World: The index is built with the 
support of SESAMm, a leading artificial intelligence 
and NLP Technology company. The Euronext AI 
World selects 100 global companies that are active 
in the following products or services: Artificial 
intelligence, Speech recognition, Computer vision, 
Computer linguistic, Machine learning, Computer 
audition, Robotics, Discovery, Planning, Creation.
As a result, the Euronext index business:
■ Maintained a strong revenue in 2023 while further 
diversifying its business model and source of 
revenues;
■ Has further extended its global commercial 
relationships by adding new world’s top ﬁnancial 
institutions as customers.
As a stock exchange committed to sustainability, Euronext is 
now well positioned to beneﬁt from the increased integration 
of factor and ESG criteria into the investment process and will 
continue to extend its ESG index offering with the help of the 
expertise of its partners, Moody’s ESG, CDP, Carbone 4, ISS-
ESG, Iceberg Datalab, SESAMm, Sustainalytics, Equileap and 
Gresb B.V.
■ At the end of 2023 there were more than 300 listed 
structured products linked to Euronext ESG indices 
for the French market alone. These products had 
combined assets under management ("AUM")of 
almost €9 billion;
■ In 2023, the top ﬁve Euronext ESG indices sold in 
France by market listed sales volume were1:
2023 Sales volumes of underlying indices (€m)
Euronext World Sustainability and Climate Screened Dec  203 
Euronext Eurozone ESG Leaders Select 40 EW Dec  116 
Euronext CDP Environment France EW Dec  90 
Euronext ESG Eurozone Biodiversity Leaders PAB  3.5% Dec  67 
Euronext Transatlantic Sustainability and Climate Screen Dec  64 
■ In 2023 Euronext was awarded “Best Pan-European 
Index Provider 2023” as well as the “Excellence 
Award for Robust Biodiversity Solutions 2023” at the 
Ethical Finance Awards. The Euronext Euro Large 
Cap Biodiversity Leaders 30 index won the “Best 
Index of the year” SRP award. 
■ In 2023 the ETF on the Euronext Low carbon 100 
Europe index had a net inflow of more than €500 
million, growing to almost €1.3 billion 
■ ETFs linked to Euronext indices increased by 17% to 
€7.7 billion in AUM at the end of 2023.
ETFs AuM on Euronext indices, in €million
4919 5044 5084 5053
6459 5962
7545 7514 6987 7465 7942
6575
7697
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
0
1000
2000
3000
4000
5000
6000
7000
8000
9000
 Figures based on external third-party data, past ﬁgures may have been restated.
Building on its strengths and capabilities, Euronext is 
increasing investments in its index franchise, in teams, 
technology, and partnerships, with four key directions for 
growth:
■ A large offering of the ESG versions of Euronext’s 
national benchmark indices and a suite of Climate 
variants of Euronext’s national benchmark indices to 
cope with investor demands;
■ Accelerating development of ESG based indices. 
This will be done through continuous expansion of 
ESG partnerships bringing innovative science based 
companies to investors, at the forefront of 
sustainable ﬁnance;
■ Continuing diversiﬁcation of our asset offering as 
emphasized by the launch of the ﬁrst 11 Extended 
Universe indices in 2023;
■ Leveraging on technology to further accelerate 
index creation capacity; Leveraging our extended 
federal model, to replicate locally our strength, 
client proximity, time to market, technology, ESG 
partners, and smart Beta partners.
1 Presentation of the Group
44
1
 https://www.structuredretailproducts.com data, figures based on external third-party data.

Page 47:
1.3.6 INVESTOR SERVICES
Through its subsidiary Commcise, Euronext offers SaaS 
based technology solutions to 2000+ capital markets 
participants globally. Commcise’s solutions are designed to 
bring the buy-side, sell-side and research providers together 
using a network of contracts and technology that are 
designed to service the needs of each participant. Commcise 
aims to bring greater transparency to research market 
through developing industry leading technology plus service 
solutions. Commcise has tripled in revenue since Euronext’s 
acquisition of a majority stake at the end of 2018. Post 
acquisition, Commcise has launched many new products and 
services and is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. 
Commcise is a trusted partner to many of the world's largest 
institutional asset managers and hedge funds (who together 
account for more than $25 trillion in asset under 
management), brokers and research providers. Commcise's 
products and services include:
■ COMMCISEBUY is a technology solution designed 
specifically for the needs of the buy-side. 
CommciseBUY helps asset managers to track and 
value all sell-side relationships by dissecting every 
aspect of these relationships into a modular, fully 
integrated technology platform. Commcise tracks 
every commission generating trade executed with 
the street. Commcise unbundles every trade and 
allows firms to automatically reconcile these trades 
with the sell-side. Commcise technology is used to 
instruct and manage payments to the street for 
research services paid for by Commission Sharing 
Arrangement (“CSA”), Research Payment Account 
(“RPA”) or P&L (hard dollar). 
Commcise goes further to track the research side of 
each of these relationships. Commcise has direct 
feeds of data from over 2000+ research providers 
that means buy-side investors have immediate 
access to every interaction they have had with the 
street at the point of determining the value of these 
relationships. Commcise’s research evaluation 
module offers a data driven approach to determining 
the value derived from each research provider 
relationship ;
■ COMMCISESELL is a cloud-based technology solution 
designed to help the  sell-side manage their CSA/
Soft Dollar programmes at scale. CommciseSELL 
provides any executing broker with a commission 
management platform that includes Commcise’s 
industry-leading algorithmic rules engine for 
unbundling trades and integration with our market 
leading reconciliation engine that allows buy-side 
and sell-side to automatically reconcile CSA/soft 
dollar trades on a daily basis. CommciseSELL 
integrates to sell side payment systems to automate 
invoice workflows and provides robust reporting via 
a white-labelled company portal. 
CommciseSELL allows brokers, research providers, 
custodians, fund accountants to manage 
commissions in any level of granularity required by 
their customers;
■ COMMCISECS is a cloud-based technology solution 
designed specifically for the needs of any research 
provider that wants to maximise revenue. 
CommciseCS provides a ‘Client Strategy’ technology 
platform that integrates with any CRM system. 
CommciseCS automates the distribution of 
interaction data to the buy-side to use in their 
valuation process. CommciseCS manages research 
contracts and  triggers invoicing of these on a timely 
basis. CommciseCS also normalises asset manager 
scorecards received in multiple formats into a 
machine-readable format that can be used to 
optimize analyst time within an account. 
CommciseCS also helps research providers to 
assess the proﬁtability of buy-side clients by pricing 
every interaction using multiple benchmarks.
■ In 2020, Commcise and Euronext Market Services 
LLC (EMS), a US affiliated broker dealer launched 
their Aggregation 2.0  solution that provides a 
turnkey soft dollar commission management 
platform that offers a full-service solution whilst 
maintaining balances at multiple brokers that are 
virtually aggregated using industry leading 
technology. Asset Managers benefit from the ability 
to distribute their risk amongst their most trusted 
banking partners. 
■ In 2023, Commcise and EMS together launched a 
Custody 2.0  solution for the US market. EMS is the 
first new entrant into the Custodial Aggregation 
market for over 10 years.  Custody 2.0  offers a 
technology-first approach to commission 
aggregation and includes EMS’s industry leading 
service layer. Commcise and EMS together provide 
an outsourced service that improves efficiency for 
the buy-side and sell-sides involved in the process.
1.3.7 POST TRADE
Euronext’s post-trade business is a combination of Euronext 
Clearing (formerly known as CC&G), and Euronext Securities 
(network of four CSDs: Euronext Securities Copenhagen, 
Milan, Oslo and Porto). In addition to, Euronext also owns a 
minority stake in Euroclear S.A. / N.V.
Fully owned post-trade infrastructures
Euronext operates and fully owns one central counterparty 
(CCP), Euronext Clearing (formerly CC&G), following the 
acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group in April 2021. Euronext 
Clearing was incorporated in Italy in 1992, under the 
Supervision of Bank of Italy, and it is authorised to offer 
services and activities in accordance with European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR). 
Euronext Clearing, Euronext's Central Counterparty in Italy, is 
a multi-asset clearing house that provides proven risk 
management capabilities on 14 markets, across a range of 
trading venues including Euronext Milan, MTS, BrokerTec and 
Hi-MTF. Asset classes cleared include equities, exchange 
traded funds (ETFs), Close-end Funds, Financial Derivatives, 
commodities (agricultural) and Fixed Income (Cash and Repo 
markets).
Euronext also operates a leading CSD business, Euronext 
Securities, which comprises four CSDs (Euronext Securities 
Copenhagen, Milan, Oslo and Porto).
Partnerships and minority stakes
The Group had a 10-year agreement with LCH S.A. for the 
provision of clearing services on Euronext derivatives 
markets, for which Euronext served notice of termination in 
January 2023. Euronext also owns c.3.53% of Euroclear S.A./
N.V..
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 45

Page 48:
As Euronext Clearing undertakes derivatives clearing services 
in Europe, Euronext has decided to terminate the derivatives 
clearing agreement (the “Agreement”) with LCH SA, under the 
terms of the Agreement. Therefore, on 16 January 2023, 
Euronext served LCH SA notice of termination for the 
purposes of the Agreement. Following the notification of the 
early termination of the Agreement, LCH Group executed its 
option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA in July 
2023.
1.3.7.1 Clearing
Following the acquisition of Borsa Italiana in April 2021, 
Euronext now operates a Central Counterparty (CCP) in Italy 
which clears the Borsa Italiana markets. 
On the non-Italian markets, Euronext relies on strong 
partnership and contractual arrangements with external 
providers for the clearing of trades executed on its markets: 
■ trades executed on Euronext derivatives markets 
are cleared by LCH S.A. according to a specific 
clearing agreement (the Derivatives Clearing 
Agreement); 
■ trades executed on Euronext cash markets are 
cleared by Euronext Clearing since November 2023 
and by LCH SA (under the Cash Clearing Agreement) 
and Cboe Clear Europe (formerly EuroCCP) under the 
open access model;
■ trades executed on Oslo Børs cash markets are 
cleared by a set of three interoperable CCPs: Cboe 
Clear Europe, SIX x-clear and LCH Ltd.
Euronext Clearing
Euronext Clearing clears transactions on Italian markets 1 on a 
large number of asset classes (Repos, cash bonds, cash 
equity, ETFs and financial derivatives).
Cash Equity Clearing
Transactions cleared on cash equity 
(double counted)
Q1 
2022
Q2 
2022
Q3 
2022
Q4 
2022
Q1 
2023
Q2 
2023
Q3 
2023
Q4 
2023
—
25,000
50,000
75,000
After the peak in March 2022 linked to the increased volatility 
associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the average 
volume of cash equity transactions cleared by Euronext 
Clearing has decreased between Q2’22 and Q3’23 (by 4.7%). 
Q4’23's important increase of volume is linked to the 
expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext Brussels cash 
market on 6 November 2023 followed by Euronext 
Amsterdam, Dublin, Lisbon and Paris cash markets on 27 
November 2023.
Derivatives Clearing
Lots cleared on derivatives (double counted)
Q1 
2022
Q2 
2022
Q3 
2022
Q4 
2022
Q1 
2023
Q2 
2023
Q3 
2023
Q4 
2023
—
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
Overall, volumes cleared on financial derivatives by Euronext 
Clearing between 2022 and 2023 decreased (by 6.9%) mainly 
due to the important volatility generated by the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine impacting 2022 numbers. Comparing the 
average volumes from 2022 and 2023 and excluding March 
2022, the volumes have increased by 3.3%.
Repo Clearing
Repo notional cleared (in €bn - double 
counted)
Q1 
2022
Q2 
2022
Q3 
2022
Q4 
2022
Q1 
2023
Q2 
2023
Q3 
2023
Q4 
2023
—
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
Repo national cleared by the CCP in 2023 increased slightly 
(€24.4 trillion compared to €24.1 trillion in 2022). Euronext 
Clearing is a key player 2 in Europe on Repo Clearing and 
manages a unique interoperability link on repo with LCH SA.
Margin and default fund contributions
The lower volatility in 2023 compared to 2022 has brought 
down the level of margins and default fund contributions back 
to 2021 level. The level has decreased in average from €15 
billion in 2022 to €11.9 billion in 2023
General overview
On 16 October 2023, Euronext Clearing implemented a new 
risk framework on financial derivatives and cash equity 
clearing relying on the Value-At-Risk (VAR) methodology. This 
new risk framework, together with the VAR framework 
deployed in 2022 for fixed income clearing, provides a 
modern, efficient and robust methodology easily replicable by 
Clearing Members. 
Euronext Clearing is expanded to Euronext's cash equity and 
derivatives flows, making it Euronext's CCP of choice for its 
cash equity, listed derivatives and commodities markets. 
Euronext will position Euronext Clearing as a European 
clearing house. Euronext Clearing has been expanded to 
Euronext cash markets (excl. Oslo Børs) on 6 November 2023 
1 Presentation of the Group
46
1 And BrokerTec and Hi-MTF
2 Mostly on Italian sovereign debt

Page 49:
and 27 November 2023 respectively for Euronext Brussels and 
Euronext Amsterdam, Dublin, Lisbon and Paris. 
Commodities and Financial Derivatives will be migrated in Q3 
2024.
This strategy allows Euronext to directly manage another core 
service for clients and create value through a harmonised 
clearing framework across Euronext venues. It also allows 
Euronext to align strategic priorities between trading and 
clearing, and significantly increase its footprint in the post-
trade space. 
In addition, after the expansion, Euronext will be in an ideal 
position to innovate and improve time-to-market, notably on 
derivatives products, to serve the evolving needs of its 
clients. Revenue and costs contribution for this key project 
are part of the increased Borsa Italiana Group synergies 
target. Similarly, the necessary one-off costs to execute this 
project are included in the 2024 strategic plan related 
financial guidance.
Euronext will continue to offer an open access CCP model for 
cash equity clearing, subject to regulatory approval.
LCH S.A.
On 16 January 2023, Euronext announced that the European 
expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext derivatives 
markets is planned for Q3 2024. Euronext expects to migrate 
the listed financial derivatives and commodities markets of 
Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Brussels, Euronext Lisbon, 
Oslo Børs and Euronext Paris from LCH SA to Euronext 
Clearing by Q3 2024. As Euronext Clearing undertakes 
derivatives clearing services in Europe, Euronext has decided 
to terminate the existing derivatives clearing agreement (the 
“Agreement”) with LCH SA, under the terms of the Agreement. 
Therefore, on 16 January 2023, Euronext served LCH SA 
notice of termination for the purposes of the Agreement. 
Euronext and LCH SA are committed to working together to 
ensure an orderly migration of clearing ﬂows from LCH SA to 
Euronext Clearing.
The termination of the Agreement does not impact the 
existing clearing agreement signed between MTS S.p.A and 
LCH SA nor the existing agreement related to the 
interoperability link on Italian Government Bonds between 
Euronext Clearing and LCH SA.
1.3.7.2 Custody & Settlement
Since 2019, Euronext has significantly grown its custody and 
settlement business through the successive acquisitions of 
Euronext Securities Oslo in Norway in 2019, Euronext 
Securities Copenhagen in Denmark in 2020 and Euronext 
Securities Milan in Italy in 2021.
In November 2021 Euronext launched a new brand for its four 
central securities depositories (CSDs) - Euronext Securities.
Euronext Securities is the CSD network connecting European 
economies to global capital markets. It represents more than 
€6.7 trillion of assets under custody 3 and processed more 
than 120 million settlement instructions in 2023. 
As part of the "Growth for Impact 2024" strategy, Euronext 
plans to “scale up and pan-Europeanise Euronext Securities”, 
with the following priorities: 
■ Expand services : further develop local and Nordic 
added value services for financial institutions and 
issuers.
■ Converge: mutualise and harmonise infrastructure 
to facilitate access to local markets served by 
Euronext Securities. 
■ Scale European activities : support Euronext’s 
primary and secondary markets across Europe and 
leverage Euronext Securities digital securities 
issuance capabilities. 
■ Improve local & international customers' 
experience: roll out targeted new client interfaces 
and client service model. 
Euronext Securities Porto 
Euronext Securities Porto is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Euronext, established in Portugal. It provides issuance, 
c u s t o d y  a n d  s e t t l e m e n t  s e r v i c e s  f o r  c .  € 0 . 4   t r i l l i o n  o f  
securities.  
Euronext Securities Porto is authorised as a CSD under 
Regulation (EU) n°909/2014 (CSDR) and is the operator of a 
designated securities settlement system under Directive 
98/26/EC. 
Euronext Securities Oslo 
Euronext Securities Oslo is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Euronext, established in Norway. It provides issuance, 
custody and settlement services for c. €0.9 trillion of 
securities. 
Euronext Securities Oslo received its authorisation as a CSD 
under Regulation (EU) n°909/2014 (CSDR), and is the operator 
of a designated securities settlement system under Directive 
98/26/EC.
Euronext Securities Copenhagen 
Euronext Securities Copenhagen is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Euronext, established in Denmark. It provides issuance, 
custody and settlement services for c. €1.6 trillion of 
securities. 
Euronext Securities Copenhagen is authorised as a CSD under 
Regulation (EU) n°909/2014 (CSDR) and is the operator of a 
designated securities settlement system under Directive 
98/26/EC. 
Euronext Securities Milan 
Euronext Securities Milan is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Euronext, established in Italy. It provides issuance, custody 
and settlement services for c. €3.8 trillion of securities. 
Euronext Securities Milan is authorised as a CSD under 
Regulation (EU) n°909/2014 (CSDR) and is the operator of a 
designated securities settlement system under Directive 
98/26/EC.
1.3.8 EURONEXT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS & 
OTHER
Euronext Technology Solutions & Other comprises Euronext’s 
commercial technology solutions and services business, and 
former Borsa Italiana businesses including Gatelab and 
Integrated Technology Services ‘X2M’. Euronext offers 
custom solutions and cost-effective services to exchanges, 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 47
3 At 31 December 2023

Page 50:
venue operators, and financial institutions, who require 
advanced functional capabilities, and low latency processing 
across multiple-asset classes surrounded by exchange-grade 
business services used to operating within highly regulated 
environments. Euronext Technology Solutions also provides 
commercial services based on its Regulatory Reporting 
Services, registered as both an Approved Publication 
Arrangement (APA) and an Approved Reporting Mechanism 
(ARM) within the EU and the UK. These services provide 
regulatory reporting facilities to investment firms. 
Gatelab, part of the Euronext Group, is a leading provider of 
trading and market access solutions to the global financial 
community. Founded in 1989, Gatelab offers scalable low-
latency solutions to support market- makers, price-takers 
and brokers in pre-trade, trading, and post-trade operations 
across venues of any asset class. 
Gatelab provides solutions to buy-side, sell-side and hedge 
funds as well as exchanges. Its products are deployed or 
available as software as a service (SaaS) and comprise: 
■ Manual and automated trading and quoting including 
request for quotation (RFQs) and indication of 
interest (IOIs);  
■ Algorithmic trading;
■ Comprehensive algorithmic trade validation 
framework for compliance with MiFID II RTS-6 
organisational requirements on disorderly market 
conditions;
■ Smart order routing for equities and bonds (listed 
and over-the-counter (OTC));
■ Ultra-low latency pre-trade Risk Gateways for 
sponsored access;
■ Seamless integration with external pricing, risk 
management, middle/back office, and clearing 
systems;
■ Post-trade and OTC trade registration (post-trade 
transparency and trade reporting). 
X2M has data centres located in Milan, London and Frankfurt, 
and has been providing customers with access to 
international trading venues, connectivity and hosting 
services since 2004. X2M delivers infrastructure and network 
solutions designed and supported to meet the needs of the 
financial community. X2M services are certified ISO 
22301:2019, ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and ISO/IEC 20000-1:2018. 
The Technologies & Other business benefits from the 
technology developments made by Euronext for its own 
markets and, in return, contributes recurring revenue that is 
non-cyclical and not trading related. Operating as a 
technology vendor gives Euronext an opportunity to 
benchmark both its technology and support services against 
other vendors to ensure that innovation can thrive within 
Euronext technology and throughout the wider Group. 
The solutions and services offered use the products and 
services developed by the Euronext group or licensed from 
third parties.
The Euronext Technologies revenues are comprised of:
■ infrastucture and connectivity services, including 
colocation and network services within the Euronext 
Core Data Centre in Bergamo, Italy;
■ Software and services licensed by third parties such 
as trading venues and financial institutions.
Euronext's main strategic ambition is to provide secure and 
direct access to the main European liquidity centres from its 
Bergamo Core Data Centre facility, alongside access to a set 
of products covering the full trading cycle, from pre-trade 
insight (data) to asset allocation, portfolio modelling & 
construction, execution, and regulatory compliance. This is 
based on a value proposition created through combining ease 
of access and a rich set of products and services offered both 
to Euronext's market participants and to other financial firms.  
1.4 Regulation
1.4.1 OVERVIEW
The Euronext Group provides exchange listing, trading, post-
trade and related services in Europe. The Company operates 
Regulated Markets and Multilateral Trading Facilities (MTFs) in 
seven European countries (Belgium, France, Ireland, Italy, the 
Netherlands, Norway, and Portugal). The Group operates 
these venues under a regulatory licence, under national 
legislation implementing MiFID II / MiFIR granted to the local 
market operator and the relevant National Competent 
Authority (NCA) or Ministry when appropriate. Each market 
operator is subject to the national laws and regulations 
supervised by the NCAs, central banks and finance ministries 
as appropriate. As part of their regular supervision, NCAs 
perform from time-to-time audits, inspections and on-site 
visits. This may lead to recommendations or other measures 
as appropriate.
The Group also operates central securities depositories 
(CSDs) in four European countries (Denmark, Italy, Norway and 
Portugal). Each of the CSDs is a limited liability company 
subject to national laws and regulations; however they all 
operate under the brand "Euronext Securities". VP Securities 
AS (Euronext Securities Copenhagen), Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(Euronext Securities Milan), Interbolsa S.A. (Euronext 
Securities Porto), and Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext 
Securities Oslo) hold a licence under the CSDR, under limited 
national implementing provisions, granted by their NCA on 3 
January 2018, 18 December 2019, 12 July 2018, and 28 January 
2022 respectively. 
Euronext, through Euronext Securities Copenhagen, Euronext 
Securities Milan and Euronext Securities Porto, participates 
in the ECB's TARGET2-Securities (T2S) platform. The CSDs 
migrated respectively in September 2016 (Danish Kroner), 
August 2015 and March 2016. 
Moreover, the Group operates a Central Counterparty in Italy, 
Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A ("Euronext 
Clearing"). The company was incorporated on 31 March 1992, 
holds its registered office in Rome at Via Tomacelli 146, and is 
1 Presentation of the Group
48


Page 51:
registered with the Italian Register of Companies under no. 
04289511000. It is authorised by the Bank of Italy as a CCP 
pursuant to Article 17 of EMIR with effect from 20 May 2014.
1.4.2 EUROPEAN REGULATION
The regulatory framework in which Euronext operates is 
substantially influenced and governed by European directives 
and regulations in the financial services area, many of which 
were initially adopted pursuant to the Financial Services 
Action Plan, which was adopted by the European Union in 1999 
to create a single market for financial services. Today, the 
Capital Markets Union (CMU) project encompasses many of 
these regulations. This has enabled the harmonisation of the 
regulatory regime for financial services, public offers, listing 
and trading, and settlement amongst other activities.
Markets and trading
There are currently two key pieces of European legislation 
that govern the fair and orderly operation of markets and 
trading: the MiFID II/MiFIR and the MAR/MAD II frameworks.
The MiFID  II/MiFIR framework includes the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, “MiFID 
II”) and the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, “MiFIR”) and has been applicable 
since 3  January 2018. The  objective  is  to make European 
financial markets more transparent and to strengthen 
investor protection.
The MAR/MAD II framework includes the Market Abuse 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, “MAR”) and the 
Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse (Directive 
2014/57/EU “MAD II”) and has been applicable since 3  July 
2016. The objective is to guarantee the integrity of European 
financial markets and increase investor confidence. The 
concept of market abuse typically covers insider dealing, 
unlawful disclosure of inside information, and market 
manipulation.
Following an initial proposal from the European Commission 
in November 2021, the EU institutions agreed in the second 
half of 2023 a number of important reforms to MiFID II/MiFIR. 
These are expected to begin to apply from the end of Q1 2024. 
The agreement foresees the introduction of a pre-trade 
consolidated tape (CT) for top-book anonymised EBBO data 
for shares and ETFs, and of post-trade data for shares, ETFs, 
bonds and OTC derivatives. A tender process for the CT 
provider will be launched by ESMA in late 2024, beginning with 
the bond CT. On market structure, a ban of Payment for Order 
Flow (PFOF) will come into force, but including a 
‘grandfathering provision’ for Member States with existing 
structures in place allowing the practice until June 2026.
Clearing and settlement
EMIR
The EU Market Infrastructure Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012, “EMIR”) is primarily focused on the regulation of 
CCPs and includes the obligation for standardised OTC 
derivative contracts to be cleared through a CCP. EMIR came 
into effect on 16 August 2012.
On 7 December 2022, the European Commission published a 
proposal on the EMIR review (EMIR 3.0). With its proposal, the 
Commission is pursuing two objectives: (i) the need to 
address the potential financial stability risks to the EU due to 
the continued overreliance on systemic non-EU (UK) CCPs, 
and (ii) the need to build more attractive, resilient, and robust 
EU clearing infrastructures, which will in turn strengthen the 
CMU, and further support EU CCPs competitiveness at an 
international level. The proposals include changes to the 
approval regime as well as the supervisory approach. In 
addition, proposals on intraday variation margins and CCP 
participation requirements are made. A political agreement 
was reached in early February 2024 and the revised regime 
should improve new product and service authorisation 
procedures.
CSDR
The EU Central Securities Depositories Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, (“CSDR") plays a pivotal role in 
post-trade harmonisation efforts in Europe, as it establishes 
authorisation requirements and common rules for the 
exercise of central securities depository activity, with 
particular reference to securities settlement services. CSDR 
came into effect on 17 September 2014.
On 16 March 2022, the Commission published a proposal for 
CSDR REFIT. Areas amendment included the cross-border 
provision of services, treatment of banking services, 
supervisory structures, settlement discipline, and third 
country regimes. The EU Commission aims to address access 
to commercial bank money for settlement purposes, as well 
as services passports. The EU institutions reached 
agreement on the review at the end of 2023. Most of the CSD-
R REFIT (Level 1) provisions will be detailed in the regulatory 
technical standard (Level 2) expected by the end of 2024.
Listing
The rules regarding public offerings of financial instruments 
and prospectuses, as well as on-going disclosure 
requirements for listed companies, are set out in the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) and the 
Transparency Directive (Directive 2004/109/EC as most 
recently amended by Directive 2013/50/EU), as implemented 
in the countries in which Euronext operates. 
Companies seeking to list their securities on Euronext’s 
regulated markets must prepare a listing prospectus in 
accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus 
Regulation and comply with the requirements of Euronext 
R u l e b o o k   I ,  t h e  h a r m o n i s e d  r u l e b o o k  f o r  t h e  E u r o n e x t  M a r k e t  
Subsidiaries, and any additional local listing requirements in 
R u l e b o o k   I I .  F o l l o w i n g  a d m i s s i o n ,  t h e y  m u s t  c o m p l y  w i t h  t h e  
ongoing disclosure requirements set forth by the competent 
authority of their home Member State. 
The objective of the Transparency Directive (Directive (EU) 
2004/109) is to harmonise the transparency requirements in 
relation to information about issuers whose securities are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EU. The 
Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 596/2014) sets a 
regulatory framework with respect to the disclosure of inside 
information, market manipulation and related topics.
On 7 December 2022, the European Commission published its 
proposal for a Listing Act and the proposal was agreed by the 
EU institutions in early 2024. It should simplify the listing 
process by streamlining the prospectus and market abuse 
requirements as well as introducing a European framework 
for multiple voting rights for issuers on MTFs. 
Indices
As a benchmark administrator, Euronext must comply with 
the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, “BMR”) 
which has been applicable since 1 January 2018.
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 49

Page 52:
Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Brussels, Euronext Dublin, 
Euronext Lisbon, Oslo Børs, Euronext Paris, Fish Pool and 
Nord Pool are registered by competent authorities as 
benchmark administrators under BMR. In October 2023, the 
Commission published a Benchmark Review Proposal, 
proposing to narrow the scope of the regulation, in effect 
excluding non-significant benchmarks from scope 
(benchmarks with usage below a threshold of EUR 50 bn). 
However, and subject to the outcome of the final 
negotiations, competent authorities may have the power to 
designate indices as significant based on qualitative, and not 
simply quantitative, criteria.
The operation of regulated markets and MTFs
MiFID II/MiFIR, MAR/MAD II, ESMA standards and the Euronext 
Rulebooks all provide minimum requirements for the 
monitoring of trading and enforcement of rules by Euronext 
as the operator of regulated markets and MTFs. In particular, 
market operators are required to meet, inter alia, all the 
requirements set out in MiFID II/MiFIR (and reinforced in MAR/
MAD) including the obligation to ensure that the markets they 
operate allow financial instruments to trade “in a fair, orderly 
and efficient manner”.
To this end, Euronext has set up a framework to organise 
market monitoring by which it:
▪ monitors trading in order to identify breaches of the 
rules, disorderly trading conditions or conduct that 
may involve market abuse;
▪ reports breaches of rules or of legal obligations 
relating to market integrity to the competent 
authority.
Market surveillance and monitoring are implemented through 
a two-step process consisting of real-time market 
surveillance and post-trade (i.e. “next day”) analysis of 
executed trades. Euronext ensures member compliance with 
its rules by conducting on-site investigations and inspections.
Group-wide supervision and regulation
The national regulators of Euronext’s markets (where 
Euronext holds a licence to operate regulated markets and/or 
MTFs granted by the relevant NCA and operates under its 
supervision) are parties to a memorandum of understanding 
(MOU) most recently amended and restated in January 2022 
that established a “Euronext College of Regulators”. This 
provides a framework to coordinate their supervision and the 
regulation of the business and of the markets operated by 
Euronext. The Company commits itself to the MOU, to the 
extent that any obligations arising from the memorandum of 
understanding apply to the Company or its subsidiaries. 
These regulatory authorities have identified certain areas of 
common interest and have adopted a coordinated approach 
to the exercise of their respective national rules, regulations 
and supervisory practices regarding listing requirements, 
prospectus disclosure requirements and ongoing obligations 
of listed companies.
National regulation
Most of the companies in the group are regulated and 
supervised by local authorities. These companies are subject 
to regular inspections by these authorities on dedicated 
topics. Findings are discussed between the company and the 
authorities and action plans are agreed where appropriate.
Belgium
Euronext Brussels is governed by the Belgian Law of 
21 November 2017 on the market infrastructures for financial 
instruments and transposing MiFID II. Euronext Brussels is 
responsible for matters such as the operation of regulated 
markets and MTFs and the admission, suspension and 
exclusion of members and has been appointed by law as the 
“competent authority” for listing matters within the meaning 
of the Listing Directive (Directive 2001/34/EC). Euronext 
Brussels is subject to the supervision of the Financial 
Services and Markets Authority (FSMA), an independent public 
authority which strives to ensure the honest and equitable 
treatment of financial consumers and the integrity of the 
financial markets.
Denmark
Euronext Securities Copenhagen is governed by Regulation 
(EU) no. 909/2014 (CSDR) and the Danish Capital Market Act 
(Danish Act. no 2014 of 1 November 2021 on capital markets).
Euronext Securities Copenhagen is supervised by the Danish 
Financial Supervisory Authority and subject to oversight by 
the Danish Central Bank (Danmarks Nationalbank). Further, 
the Euronext Securities Copenhagen has the ECB as relevant 
authority.
Section 3 - Empower Sustainable Finance of this Universal 
Registration Document constitutes the statutory reporting on 
corporate responsibility cf. §99a of the Danish Financial 
Statement Act.
France
As a market operator, Euronext Paris manages the Euronext 
regulated markets and MTFs in France. In accordance with 
Article L.421-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
Euronext Paris adopts rules for each of these markets to 
ensure fair and orderly trading and efficient order execution. 
The requirements for market access and admission of 
financial instruments to trading are also covered by these 
rules, which are approved by the Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers (AMF) and published on the market operator’s 
website.
Euronext Paris markets are subject to the provisions of 
Article L.421-4 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, which authorises the French Minister of Economy to 
confer and revoke regulated market status upon proposal of 
the AMF, which must consult with the Autorité de Contrôle 
Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR).
Italy
Borsa Italiana is a market operator supervised by CONSOB. 
According to Articles 64 and 64-quarter of the Consolidated 
Law of Finance, CONSOB is responsible for the authorisation 
of the regulated markets and MTFs managed by Borsa 
Italiana.  
MTS is authorised as operator of a wholesale regulated 
market for government securities according to Article 62 of 
the Consolidated Law on Finance. The Ministry of Economy 
grants the authorisation in agreement with the Bank of Italy 
and CONSOB. The Bank of Italy supervises the management of 
wholesale markets for government securities and on the 
soundness of the market rules without prejudice for CONSOB 
supervisory powers over financial markets. The Consolidated 
Law on Finance is supplemented by secondary legislative 
1 Presentation of the Group
50


Page 53:
provision included in the “Markets Regulation” adopted by 
CONSOB and supervisory instructions issued by Bank of Italy 
applicable to wholesale markets for government securities. 
Euronext Securities Milan is the central securities depository 
for the Italian financial market. Euronext Securities Milan is 
authorised as CSD according to Article 79-undecies of the 
Consolidated Law on Finance since 18 December 2019. 
CONSOB and the Bank of Italy are the NCAs responsible for 
authorisation and ongoing supervision pursuant to Article 11, 
sub-section 1, of Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 (CSD-R). 
CONSOB, in accordance with the Bank of Italy, authorises the 
performance of the core and ancillary services in the capacity 
of central depository and the extension of the activities or the 
outsourcing of the services to third parties, pursuant to 
Articles 16 and 19 of Regulation no. 909/2014 and according to 
the procedure contemplated by Article 17 of the same 
regulation. Furthermore CONSOB, in accordance with the 
Bank of Italy, approves Euronext Securities Rules of Services 
at the time of the initial authorisation and any subsequent 
amendment thereof. CSDR is complemented by the domestic 
regulatory framework (Consolidated Law of Finance and Post-
trading Regulation governing central counterparties, central 
securities depositories and central depository services). 
Euronext Clearing is a central counterparty authorised by 
CONSOB and the Bank of Italy to provide clearing services in 
compliance with EMIR, which provides clearing services 
across a broad range of trading venues and asset classes, 
including equities, derivatives, commodity derivatives and 
fixed income products.
Euronext Clearing’s activities are subject to the direct 
supervision and oversight of the Italian NCAs, namely the 
Bank of Italy, with reference to the stability and the reduction 
of systemic risk, and by CONSOB, with respect to 
transparency and investor protection. A college has been 
constituted in compliance with EMIR.
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) has 
been transposed domestically into the Italian Consolidated 
Law on Finance (d. lgs. 58/1998) and further into CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Joint Regulation on Post-Trading 
(Provvedimento Unico sul Post-Trading of 13August 2018).
The Netherlands
Both Euronext N.V. and Euronext Amsterdam have licences 
from the Dutch authorities to operate regulated markets. This 
means that they are subject to the regulation and supervision 
of the Dutch Minister of Finance and the Autoriteit Financiële 
Markten (“AFM”). Since the creation of Euronext in 2000, the 
Dutch regulators have taken the view that the direct parent 
company of Euronext Amsterdam, as controlling shareholder, 
should be seen as co-market operator and, accordingly, also 
requires a licence. Pursuant to section 5:26 paragraph 1 of the 
Dutch Financial Supervision Act it is prohibited in the 
Netherlands to operate or to manage a regulated market 
without a licence granted by the Dutch Minister of Finance.
The Dutch Minister of Finance may, at any time, amend or 
revoke the licence if necessary, to ensure the proper 
functioning of the markets or the protection of investors. The 
licence may also be revoked for non-compliance with 
applicable rules.
Norway
Oslo Børs has a licence as a regulated market from the 
Norwegian Ministry of Finance pursuant to section 11.1 of the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and operates two such 
regulated markets. In addition, Oslo Børs operates one MTF 
pursuant to section 9.8 of the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Act. Oslo Børs adopts rules for each of these markets to 
ensure fair and orderly trading and efficient order execution.
In addition, Oslo Børs has been appointed as take-over 
authority pursuant to section 6.4 of the Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act. Oslo Børs has also delegated authority to 
supervise compliance with and to sanction violations of 
issuers’ obligation to disclose inside information pursuant to 
sections 5.2 and 5.3 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, 
cf. section 17.1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Regulation.
The Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority is responsible 
for the regulation and supervision of regulated markets and 
MTFs licensed in Norway.
Euronext Securities Oslo is the only CSD in Norway and 
consequently holds a unique position in the Norwegian capital 
market. On 28 January 2022, Euronext Securities Oslo was 
granted an authorisation to operate as a CSD in accordance 
with CSDR. Euronext Securities Oslo will start operating under 
the new authorisation as from 1 March 2022, from which point 
in time Euronext Securities Oslo has been subject to the Act 
of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on Central Securities Depositories and 
Securities Settlement, etc. (the CSD Act) which implements 
CSDR in Norwegian law.
Euronext Securities Oslo’s activities are subject to 
supervision and oversight by the Norwegian Financial 
Supervisory Authority and the Norwegian Central Bank. 
Portugal
As a market operator, Euronext Lisbon is governed by 
Portuguese Decree of Law No. 357-C/2007 of 31 October 2007 
which, along with the Portuguese Securities Code and 
regulations of the Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários (CMVM), governs the regime applicable to 
regulated markets and MTFs, market operators and other 
companies with related activities in Portugal. The creation of 
regulated market operators requires the prior authorisation 
from the CMVM.
As a CSD, Euronext Securities Porto is governed by the 
Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 (CSDR) and the Portuguese CSD 
Legal Framework, approved by Law no. 35/2018 of 20 July, 
along with the Portuguese Securities Code, the regulations of 
the CMVM and Euronext Securities Porto self-regulation.
The CMVM (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) is is 
responsible for the regulation and supervision of regulated 
markets and MTFs as well as its market operators dully 
authorized. Under this regulatory and supervision CMVM’s 
umbrella is also Euronext Securities Porto. CMVM is Euronext 
Securities Porto national competent authority and national 
competent authority and along with the Banco deofde 
Portugal and the European Central Bank which are its relevant 
authorities.
Republic of Ireland
The Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin is 
authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) as a market 
operator pursuant to Article 56 (2) of the European Union 
(Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulation 2017 (S.I. 
375/2017). As a market operator, Euronext Dublin operates 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 51

Page 54:
one regulated market and three MTFs and adopts rules for 
each of these markets to ensure fair and orderly trading and 
efficient order execution.
In addition, Euronext Dublin has been appointed as the 
competent authority for listing by the Department of 
Enterprise, Trade and Employment pursuant to the European 
Communities (Admission to Listing and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Regulations 2007, as amended.
The CBI is responsible for the regulation and supervision of 
regulated markets and market operators authorised in 
Ireland. Euronext Dublin is required to meet various legislative 
and regulatory requirements and failure to comply with these 
requirements could subject it to enforcement action by the 
CBI including significant penalties and/or revocation of its 
authorisation as a market operator.
United Kingdom
The revocation of Euronext's Recognised Investment 
Exchange (RIE) activities in the United Kingdom was 
confirmed by the FCA with effect from 19 April 2021. Euronext 
Amsterdam, Euronext Brussels, Euronext Paris and Borsa 
Italiana have been authorised under the Recognised Overseas 
Investment Exchange Regime (ROIE). Euronext also has a 
licence to operate Data Reporting Service Providers (DRSPs, 
an APA and ARM) in the UK and is supervised by the FCA for 
this activity. Euronext Paris SA requested the withdrawal of 
its UK DRSP license as of 1st January 2024 and is awaiting 
confirmation.
Stichting
In connection with obtaining regulatory approval of the 
acquisition of Euronext by the NYSE Group, Inc. in 2007, NYSE 
Euronext implemented certain special arrangements which 
included a standby structure involving a Dutch foundation 
(stichting). Following the acquisition of NYSE Euronext by ICE 
and the Demerger, the Company became a party to these 
arrangements, which include a Further Amended and 
Restated Governance and Option Agreement (the “GOA”), to 
which ICE, the stichting and Euronext are parties. The 
stichting has been incorporated to mitigate the effects of any 
potential change in U.S. law that could have extraterritorial 
effects on the regulated markets operated by the Euronext 
Market Subsidiaries as a result of a U.S. shareholder holding a 
controlling interest in the Company. The board members of 
the stichting are independent from Euronext. Pursuant to the 
GOA, while the Company has U.S. shareholders with a 
controlling interest in the Company, the stichting is 
empowered to take actions to mitigate the adverse effects of 
any potential change in U.S. law that have certain 
extraterritorial effects on the regulated markets operated by 
the Euronext Market Subsidiaries. If there is no such 
controlling U.S. shareholder, the stichting becomes dormant 
and unable to exercise such powers. If a new U.S. shareholder 
were to gain control of the Company, the stichting would be 
automatically revived.
Up until 20 June 2014, the stichting was active through ICE’s 
shareholding. After the IPO, ICE sold its shareholding, and 
there has been no controlling American shareholder. At the 
Euronext College of Regulators’ request, the  stichting  has 
become dormant.
1.4.3 OWNERSHIP LIMITATIONS AND 
ADDITIONAL NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS
The rules set forth below apply to an acquisition of a direct or 
indirect interest in Euronext’s market operators. These rules 
are in addition to shareholder reporting rules applicable to 
listed companies generally set out above.
Under Belgian law , any person who intends to acquire 
securities in a Belgian market operator and who would, as a 
result of such acquisition, hold directly or indirectly 10% or 
more of the share capital or of the voting rights in that market 
operator, must provide prior notice to the FSMA. The same 
obligation applies each time such person intends to increase 
its ownership by an additional 5%.
Under Danish law , pursuant to article 27(7) of the Central 
Securities Depository Regulation, a Danish CSD shall a) 
provide the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority with, and 
make public, information regarding the ownership of the CSD, 
and in particular, the identity and scale of interests of any 
parties in a position to exercise control over the operation of 
the CSD; and b) inform and seek approval from the Danish 
Financial Supervisory Authority of any decision to transfer 
ownership rights which give rise to a change in the identity of 
the persons exercising control over the operation of the CSD. 
After receiving approval from the Danish Financial 
Supervisory Authority, the CSD shall make public the transfer 
of ownership rights. Any natural or legal person shall without 
undue delay inform the CSD and the Danish Financial 
Supervisory Authority of a decision to acquire or dispose of 
its ownership rights that give rise to a change in the identity 
of the persons exercising control over the operation of the 
CSD. Pursuant to article 27(8) of the Central Securities 
Depository Regulation, within 60 working days from the 
receipt of the information referred to in article 27(7), the 
Danish Financial Supervisory Authority shall take a decision 
on the proposed changes in the control of the CSD. The 
Danish Financial Supervisory Authority shall refuse to approve 
proposed changes in the control of the CSD where there are 
objective and demonstrable grounds for believing that they 
would pose a threat to the sound and prudent management of 
the CSD or the ability of the CSD to comply with the Central 
Securities Depository Regulation.
Under Dutch law , a declaration of non-objection from the 
Dutch Minister of Finance is required for any holding, 
acquisition or increase of a Qualifying Participation (defined 
as direct or indirect participation of at least 10% of the issued 
capital of the relevant entity or the power to exercise at least 
10% of the voting rights) in an operator or holder of a 
regulated market in the Netherlands which has been granted 
an Exchange licence to operate such market pursuant to 
section 5:26 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. The 
Dutch Minister of Finance has delegated its powers to grant a 
declaration of no-objection under section 5:32d of the Dutch 
Financial Supervision Act to the AFM, except in cases where 
the acquisition of the Qualifying Participation involves a 
fundamental change to the shareholding structure of the 
relevant licensed operator or holder of a regulated market in 
the Netherlands. Euronext N.V. controls Euronext 
Amsterdam, which is the licensed holder and operator of a 
regulated market in the Netherlands, and has obtained a 
declaration of no-objection under section 5:32d referred to 
above. Therefore, any acquisition or holding increase of a 
direct or indirect interest in the Company that results in an 
indirect Qualifying Participation in Euronext Amsterdam, will 
trigger the requirement to obtain a declaration of no-
objection of the AFM or, in the case of a fundamental change 
in the shareholding structure, the Dutch Minister of Finance. 
Such declaration should be granted unless such holding, the 
acquisition or increase: (1) could or would lead to a formal or 
actual control structure that is lacking in transparency and 
1 Presentation of the Group
52


Page 55:
would therefore constitute an impediment to the adequate 
supervision of the compliance by the market operator with 
the rules applicable to the operator of a regulated market; (2) 
could or would lead to an influence on the regulated market 
operator or effect on the exploited or managed regulated 
market that forms a threat to the interests which the Dutch 
Financial Supervision Act seeks to protect; or (3) could 
jeopardise the healthy and prudent operation of the regulated 
market concerned. Non-compliance with the requirement to 
obtain a declaration of no-objection is an economic offence 
and may lead to criminal prosecution. In addition, if a person 
acquires or increases a Qualifying Participation without 
having obtained a declaration of no-objection, it will be 
obliged to cancel the transaction within a period to be set by 
the Dutch Minister of Finance or the AFM unless the person 
cures the offence and obtains a declaration of non-objection. 
The Dutch Minister of Finance or the AFM may request the 
District Court in Amsterdam to annul any resolutions that 
have been passed in a general meeting of shareholders in 
which such person exercised its voting rights, if such 
resolution would not have been passed or would have been 
passed differently if such person had not exercised its voting 
rights. The District Court will not annul the resolution if the 
relevant person obtains a declaration of non-objection prior 
to the decision of the court.
Under French law,  any person or group of persons acting in 
concert who acquires or increases, directly or indirectly, a 
holding in Euronext Paris shares or voting rights in excess of 
10%, 20%, 33 ⅓%, 50% or 66 ⅔% is required to inform 
Euronext Paris, which in turn must notify the AMF and make 
the information public. In addition, any person acquiring 
direct or indirect control of a market operator must obtain the 
prior approval of the Minister of Economy upon proposal of 
the AMF. Further, Euronext Paris shall promptly notify the 
AMF prior to any changes to the identity and the details of the 
holding of any existing shareholder or shareholders, alone or 
in concert, who is in a position to exercise, directly or 
indirectly, significant influence (10% or more of the share 
capital or voting right) over the management of Euronext 
Paris and the proposed change can proceed as long as 
Euronext Paris does not receive any objection from the AMF 
within the period of time provided by the AMF General 
Regulation.
Under Irish law , prior notification to the Central Bank of 
Ireland of a proposed acquisition of, or increase in, a direct or 
indirect qualifying holding (10% or more of the capital or of the 
voting rights or which makes it possible to exercise a 
significant influence over the management of that 
undertaking) of Euronext Dublin is required.
Under Italian Law,  CONSOB shall be prior notified by anyone 
who directly or indirectly intends to acquire or transfer a 
stake in the equity share capital of the market operator or in 
the person that, whether directly or indirectly, controls the 
market operator, in such a way that the share of voting rights 
or capital reaches or exceeds, upwards or downwards, 10%, 
20%, 30% or 50%, and in any event when changes result in the 
acquisition or loss of control of the company. CONSOB may 
oppose the acquisition of the stake or the change in the 
control when there are objective reasons to believe that the 
healthy and prudent management of the market is put at risk, 
evaluating, among other things, the quality of the prospective 
buyer and the financial solidity of the acquisition project. In 
addition, any acquisition of stakes in the capital of the market 
operator of the regulated market and the subsequent 
variations, made directly or indirectly, must be communicated 
by the acquiring party within 24 hours to the market operator. 
Furthermore, market operators are required to notify 
CONSOB and make public the information on the ownership of 
the company and in particular the identity of the parties that 
are able to exercise a significant influence over its 
management and the size of their interest. The meaning of 
“significant influence” and control are specified by the Italian 
domestic framework. As regards the wholesale regulated 
market for government securities the power to asses the 
above-mentioned acquisition of stake and changes in control 
are attributed to the Bank of Italy. As regards CCPs, the 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) requires 
prior notification and subsequent approval of any decision 
either to acquire or to dispose of a qualifying holding. Article 
31 EMIR requires that any decision taken by a natural or legal 
person also acting in concert, either to acquire, directly or 
indirectly, a qualifying holding in a CCP or to further increase, 
directly or indirectly, such a qualifying holding, as a result of 
which the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held 
would reach or exceed certain predetermined decimal 
thresholds (10 %, 20 %, 30 % or 50 %), or so as to make the 
CCP become its subsidiary, should be subject to notification 
and subsequent approval by the CCP’s competent authority. 
The same applies in case of any decision to dispose or to 
reduce a qualifying holding, so that the proportion of the 
voting rights or of the capital held would fall below said 
predetermined thresholds, or so that the CCP would cease to 
be that person’s subsidiary. Pursuant to EMIR article 31, the 
NCA shall have a maximum of 60 working days as from the 
date of the written acknowledgement of the receipt of the 
notification by the proposed acquirer or vendor to perform 
said assessment, with the possibility to extend the deadline 
upon occurrence of certain conditions, e.g. in case of a 
further request for information. For Italian CCPs the 
assessment is performed by the Bank of Italy, in agreement 
with CONSOB. 
Under Article 27(7) of CSDR, a CSD shall (a) provide the 
competent authority with, and make public, information 
regarding the ownership of the CSD, and, in particular, the 
identity and scale of interests of any parties in a position to 
exercise control over the operation of the CSD; (b) inform and 
seek approval from its competent authority of any decision to 
transfer ownership rights which give rise to a change in the 
identity of the persons exercising control over the operation 
of the CSD. Furthermore, any natural or legal person shall 
inform without undue delay the CSD and its competent 
authority of a decision to acquire or dispose of its ownership 
rights that give rise to a change in the identity of the persons 
exercising control. Within 60 working days from the receipt of 
the information referred to in paragraph 7, the competent 
authority shall take a decision on the proposed changes in the 
control of the CSD. The competent authority shall refuse to 
approve proposed changes in the control of the CSD where 
there are objective and demonstrable grounds for believing 
that they would pose a threat to the sound and prudent 
management of the CSD or to the ability of the CSD to comply 
with the applicable regulation. For Italian CSD the assessment 
is performed by CONSOB, in agreement with the Bank of Italy. 
According to art. 26 of the Rules governing central 
counterparties, CSDs and central depository services dated 31 
August 2018 4, CSDs shall send the Bank of Italy and CONSOB, 
on an annual basis on the occasion of sending documentation 
on the financial statements, a copy of an updated version of 
the shareholders register, indicating for each shareholder: a) 
the number of shares with voting rights held; b) the 
percentage of the shares with voting rights held with respect 
to the total number of shares with voting rights. In general, 
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 53

Page 56:
CSDs shall communicate all amendments to the shareholders’ 
register to the Bank of Italy and CONSOB without delay.
Under Norwegian law, an acquisition resulting in the acquirer 
having a significant holding in a market operator for an official 
stock exchange, or in the stock exchange itself, requires 
authorisation from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance. 
Significant holding means any direct or indirect holding 
representing at least 10% of the share capital or the voting 
rights, or which otherwise makes it possible to exercise 
substantial influence over the management of the 
undertaking. Shares held or acquired by related parties shall 
be deemed equivalent to the acquirer’s own shares. The 
acquisition of a right to become holder of shares shall be 
deemed equivalent to the holding of shares for the purpose of 
the first to third sentence where this must be considered a 
beneficial shareholding. Any acquisition increasing the 
holding such as to directly or indirectly exceed 20%, 30% or 
50% of the share capital or voting rights of a stock exchange 
requires authorisation from the Norwegian Ministry of 
Finance.
Under the current Norwegian Securities Register Act , the 
rules in respect of ownership restriction for CSDs are similar 
to the rules that apply to market operators of a Norwegian 
stock exchange, described above. An acquisition of a 
significant holding in a CSD may only take place after 
authorisation from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance. 
“Significant holding” has the same content as described above 
for stock exchanges. In the CSDR there are also rules 
regulating ownership of a CSD. Any transfer of ownership 
rights that give rise to a change in the identity of the persons 
exercising control of the CSD needs approval from the 
competent authority of the CSD. This implies that an 
acquisition of shareholdings that gives the opportunity to 
exercise control of the CSD needs approval from the 
Norwegian FSA.
Under Portuguese law, a shareholder who intends to acquire, 
directly or indirectly, a dominant holding (broadly defined as 
50% or more of the share capital or voting rights) or a 
dominant influence (broadly defined as the majority of voting 
rights or the possibility to appoint or dismiss the majority of 
the members of the managing or supervisory bodies) in a 
Portuguese market operator must obtain the prior 
authorisation of the Portuguese Ministry of Finance (with 
prior advice of the CMVM). In addition, all entities envisaging 
(i) acquiring or disposing of a (direct or indirect) qualifying 
holding (10% or more of the share capital or voting rights or 
otherwise establishing a significant influence) or increasing a 
qualifying holding at the level of 10%, 20%, 33 ⅓% or 50% or 
more of the share capital or voting rights in a market 
undertaking in Portugal or (ii) otherwise establishing a control 
relationship with a market subsidiary in Portugal, must notify 
the CMVM of the acquisition or disposal as soon as a decision 
has been taken to proceed within four business days following 
the relevant transaction and seek a prior declaration of non-
objection. The disposal/reduction of the aforementioned 
qualifying holdings (considering each threshold above) or 
change in the control relationship is also required to be 
notified to the CMVM. Under Article 27(7)(a) of CSDR, a CSD 
shall (i) provide the competent authority with, and make 
public, information regarding the ownership of the CSD, and, 
in particular, the identity and scale of interests of any parties 
in a position to exercise control over the operation of the 
CSD; (ii) inform and seek approval from its competent 
authority of any decision to transfer ownership rights which 
give rise to a change in the identity of the persons exercising 
control over the operation of the CSD; after receiving 
approval from its competent authority, the CSD shall make 
public the transfer of ownership rights. Any natural or legal 
person shall inform without undue delay the CSD and its 
competent authority of a decision to acquire or dispose of its 
ownership rights that give rise to a change in the identity of 
the persons exercising control. The Portuguese CSD Legal 
Framework specifies that the acts through which the 
acquisition, increase, disposal or reduction of qualifying 
holdings and controlling interests is carried out are 
communicated to the CMVM and the CSD by the holders of the 
interest within 15 days. Qualifying holdings are deemed to be 
10%, 20% or one-third of voting rights or capital. The CSD 
notifies the CMVM of changes in its ownership, in accordance 
with Article 27(7)(a) of Regulation (EU) 909/2014 (CSDR), as 
soon as it becomes aware of them.
1 Presentation of the Group
54


Page 57:
 This page has been intentionally left blank
Presentation of the Group
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 55

Page 58:
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
56


Page 59:
2
2.1 Risk Factors
2.2 Mitigation Measures
2.3 Control Framework
2.3.1 First Line of Defence
2.3.2 Second Line of Defence
2.3.3 Third Line of Defence
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 57

Page 60:
2 RISK MANAGEMENT & CONTROL 
STRUCTURE
Euronext analyses and monitors risks related to its activities 
with specific attention those whose occurrence could have a 
material impact on the Group’s business. The table of the 
Group’s principal risks categorises, the most material risks 
taking into account the impact and the probability of their 
occurrence. 
Although Euronext believes that the risks and uncertainties 
described below are the material risks and uncertainties 
concerning the Group’s business and industry, they are not the 
only risks and uncertainties relating to the Group. Other risks, 
events, facts or circumstances not presently known to 
Euronext, or that Euronext currently deems to be immaterial 
could, individually or cumulatively, prove to be important and 
may have a significant negative impact on the Group.
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
58


Page 61:
2.1 Risk Factors
Hierarchy of Risk Factors
Strategic Risks Strategic Transformation Risk
Regulatory Evolution and Enhanced Regulatory Scrutiny Risk
Global and Regional Economy Risk
Competition Risk
Operational Risks Cyber Security Risk 
Technology Risk
Third Party Risk
Business Continuity Risk 
Employee Risk
Regulatory and Liabilities Risk
Financial Risks Credit Risk  
Market Risk 
Liquidity Risk
Capital Requirements Risk
Euronext recognises the importance of environmental, social 
and governance (“ESG”) related risks. Based on our 2023 risk 
analysis, no material residual (unmitigated) ESG core business 
risks have been identified as impacting the operations, 
revenues and stakeholders of the Group. 
The risk factors annotated by a reference symbol indicate 
material business risks that have an ESG dimension and link 
to the key ES G issues as identified by the Group’s external 
stakeholders in the Group ESG materiality matrix (see  Section 
3.1 - Value Creation by Euronext  of this document for more 
information) labelled under 5 impact areas have been 
identified according to these categories. 
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 59

Page 62:
Strategic Risks
Strategic Transformation Risk     
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
The Group’s strategy includes the identification and implementation of 
organic initiatives and new business initiatives such as acquisitions 
and partnerships. 
The market for acquisition targets and strategic alliances is highly 
competitive, the Group acts on opportunities as they arise and may 
continue to enter into simultaneous business combination 
transactions. 
The size, number and complexity of past acquisitions and those that 
may be executed in the near future, as well as ongoing enhancement 
programmes creates a strategic transformation risk for the Group. 
Notably, the Group has continued the integration of Borsa Italiana 
which is principally driven by the migration of Borsa Italiana markets 
to the Optiq® platform and the expansion of the Group’s CCP, Euronext 
Clearing. 
Over 2023, the Group achieved two significant milestones with 
respect to the migration of Borsa Italiana markets to the Optiq® 
platform, and is expected to complete the final milestone in the first 
half of 2024. The Group delivered the first milestone of its CCP 
expansion with the internalisation of its cash equity clearing for non-
Borsa Italiana markets onto Euronext Clearing in 2024, the final 
milestone is expected in mid-2024. 
There are varying degrees of dependency between the above-
mentioned projects and there is a risk that, should the last milestone 
of the Optiq® migration project be significantly delayed, the second 
phase of the Clearing expansion may be impacted. 
Beyond the above mentioned projects, the Group is undergoing other 
group-wide business transformation programs, including the 
development of its convergence plan across the Group  CSDs. 
Pursuing strategic transactions requires substantial time and 
attention of the management team, and of key employees managing 
or working on the integration/project activities. This could prevent 
oversight of other initiatives, reduce bandwidth for business as usual 
activities and slow other ongoing projects or initiatives. Late, 
incomplete or unsuccessful integrations or projects may impact the 
Group’s strategic plan, business, reputation and financial results. 
The ability to adapt to a rapidly changing company culture by 
Euronext’s employees is necessary to ensure successful integrations 
and transformation. Failure to meet the demands of the changing 
company culture could negatively impact the advancement of projects 
and successful integration.
If integration programs are not completed, do not operate as 
intended, are delayed or identified synergies are not delivered, 
Euronext's strategic ambition and reputation may be at risk.
Regulatory Evolution and Enhanced Regulatory Scrutiny Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
The Group’s businesses are subject to extensive regulation and 
supervision at both European and national levels in the jurisdictions in 
which the Group has operations: Belgium, Denmark, France, Ireland, 
Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal and the United Kingdom. In 
addition, the Company has a presence in the United States, Singapore, 
Finland and India. 
Regulatory changes may impact the operating environment of 
Euronext exposing the Group to risks associated with the   
implementation and maintenance of compliance with new regulatory 
requirements. As the Group expands, so has the scope of regulatory 
requirements to which it is subject and the breadth of relevant 
relationships it must maintain. The regulatory environment is an 
important element that may limit the ability of the Group or its entities 
to provide certain current or planned services, or build an efficient, 
competitive organisation.
The Group must obtain regulatory approval to implement significant 
changes to the operations of its trading venues, and material changes 
to operations and models of its CCP and CSDs. Transformational 
cross-organisation projects include the Borsa Italiana markets 
migration to Optiq and the expansion of Euronext Clearing. Failure to 
obtain required approvals, which may need approval by multiple 
regulators, may delay or prevent the Group from achieving its 
strategic objectives.
Decisions by Euronext’s regulators to impose measures may impact 
the competitive situation and possible strategy of the Group. 
Adherence to new and evolving regulatory regimes implied increase 
compliance and associated costs for the Group, for instance by 
requiring the businesses of the Group to devote substantial time and 
cost to the implementation of new rules and related changes in their 
operations. It may also impact the ability to outsource certain 
activities and/or place financial and corporate governance 
restrictions on the Group and its entities.
As the Group grows its product base and the jurisdictions in which it 
operates, regulatory oversight of the Group’s activities by additional 
regulatory bodies potentially increases regulatory constraints or 
increases compliance requirements if adversely designed could 
materially increase the costs of, and restrictions, of its activities.
Delays or denials by regulatory authorities of approvals requested by 
Euronext required to implement its strategic initiative, or to pursue  
business opportunities could have a significant impact on Euronext’s 
competitive positioning and growth. 
The impacts of the proposed amendments to MiFIR remain difficult to 
assess. The changes to the structure of the market data business 
including both reasonable commercial basis provisions and the 
creation of a consolidated tape may negatively impact market data 
business revenues in the medium term.  The same may be the case for 
market structure reforms. 
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
60


Page 63:
With regards to MiFID II/MiFIR, an agreement on the Commission 
proposal was struck in the summer of 2023, however the official text 
has yet to be adopted and published.  The outcome represents a risk 
for market data revenues. The scope of the pre-trade consolidated 
tape is limited to anonymised top-of book EBBO data, shares and 
ETFs, while post-trade data applies to shares, ETFs, bonds, and OTC 
derivatives. The revised market structure regulatory framework, may 
potentially benefit off-venue trading with alleviations introduced on 
bank internalisation.  At the same time, a ban on Payment for Order 
Flow (PFOF) has been introduced, including a grandfathering provision 
for member states with existing structures in place until June 2026. 
The Commission proposal for the Benchmark Regulation review 
should be positive as it aims to limit the framework to critical, 
significant and environmental benchmarks and is expected to apply in 
2026. The Commission proposal on the Retail Investment Strategy 
seeks to improve the framework for retail investors, and there is a 
risk, subject to the final outcome, of unintended consequences in 
terms of limiting retail access to financial markets further. The 
Commission proposal on ESG Ratings seeks to install safeguards on 
transparency and is expected to be positive for the market that relies 
on ESG ratings.
In December 2022, the Commission proposed a review of EMIR and a 
new Listings Act, both which are potentially positive. The Listing Act is 
expected to be agreed in Q1 2024 with the aim of simplifying the listing 
process by streamlining prospectus and market abuse requirements. 
The EMIR review seeks to improve new product and service 
authorisation procedures and is expected to be agreed in 2024. 
With regards to the CSDR framework, the EU Commission addresses 
access to commercial bank money for settlement purposes, as well as 
services passports, both requiring effort to implement. The 
Withholding Tax proposal, proposes that CSDs should register as 
Certified Financial Intermediaries, potentially causing additional 
burdens in this area.
Beyond market infrastructure regulation, the Group is subject to 
increased regulation in the areas of IT, cybersecurity, and outsourcing, 
particularly with the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) which 
will be applicable in 2025. Level 2 Regulation is being prepared and 
consultations will continue over the course of 2024. 
In 2023 the Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) Pilot Regime entered 
into force permitting exemptions to MIFID and CSDR to manage 
financial instruments through new DLT infrastructures that could 
benefit from these exemptions, potentially increasing competition. 
The Markets in Cypto Assets (MICA) Regulation will be applicable in 
2024 regulating the provision of services of crypto assets potentially 
allowing crypto asset service providers to leverage their more 
regulated structure and start competing on traditional financial 
instruments. 
ESG regulation continues to evolve, with the final four objectives of 
the EU Taxonomy for Sustainable Activities published in 2023. The 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) was  finalised and 
will be transposed into national regulations in 2024. The negotiations 
of the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) were 
provisional agreed in December 2023, however during a meeting of the 
Coreper in February 2024, the agreement failed to receive sufficient 
support at the European Council level. 
On the post-trade side, the CSDR and EMIR Reviews are generally 
positive for the Group, potentially facilitating these businesses, 
however, the legislative process still needs to be finalised. The 
potential impact of the EMIR review is  expected to include changes to 
the supervisory regime, authorisation procedures foreseen within 
EMIR, which may result in the relocation of clearing flows related to 
certain derivatives asset classes from the UK to the EU. The 
Withholding Tax proposal may however add regulatory burdens on 
CSDs. The Benchmark Review may reduce regulatory burdens on the 
indices offered by the Group.  
With respect to the DLT Pilot Regime and MICA Regulation, in the 
medium term, the estimated impact, due to the asset perimeter is 
expected to be limited. In the longer term, more flexible provisions of 
digital finance may be extended to a broader asset perimeter, and 
enable new competition on Euronext's core activities, with the main 
impacts expected on bond listing, post-trade and retail trading 
activities. 
If competitors (including those in third party jurisdictions) can obtain 
regulatory approval for similar products (including new digital 
products) or services faster than established entities such as the 
Group or its subsidiaries, or with lower regulatory burdens than 
regulated entities, the Group's competitive position may be weakened.
Well-designed legislation in respect of IT, cyber security and 
outsourcing, notably DORA can be expected to assist the Group in its 
operations on a cross-border basis, particularly in harmonising 
reporting obligations. However, compliance risks can be expected to 
increase.  
ESG regulations require increasing time and resources to ensure 
correct implementation and continued compliance changes and 
adaptation processes, including training and awareness for 
employees. Potential impacts of new regulations will be determined by 
the scope of application of new regulations and directives. 
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 61

Page 64:
Global and Regional Economy Risk  
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
The Group is exposed to global and regional economic, political and 
geopolitical market conditions, macro-economic changes in global or 
regional demand or supply shifts and legislative changes across 
several jurisdictions, which can affect the level of global and local 
financial activity. 
The general economic conditions as well as unanticipated, impactful 
events, and general economic conditions affect financial and 
securities markets in a number of ways, from determining availability 
of capital, to influencing investor confidence. Adverse changes in the 
economy or the outlook for the financial and securities industry can 
have a negative impact on the Group's revenues through declines in 
new listings, trading, clearing and settlement volumes, and demand 
for market data. 
Starting in 2022, inflation in Europe and the US increased to its 
highest in several decades, driven by the lingering impacts from the 
pandemic and its recovery, and exacerbated by the war in Ukraine and 
subsequent sanctions to the Russian invasion. Over 2023, inflation 
continued however slowing as Government responses to curb inflation 
continued over 2023. In the second half of 2023 Central Banks slowed 
the increase of interest rates buoying the economy and supporting 
equity trading and valuations and ultimately business activity. Market 
and FED expectations are for 75 basis point rate cut in 2024, 
supporting economic growth. 
GDP in the euro area, where the Group’s activities are concentrated, 
was weaker in 2023 than expected due to Germany's slowdown and 
2024 may confirm this trend. Eurozone GDP growth in 2024 is 
expected to be close to zero to 0.5%. Low or negative growth may 
impact trading, and increased credit risk in the Euro area, reduce 
appetite for risk including trading activities by participants. 
Additionally, primary listing activities have been impacted given 
challenging market conditions in 2023 and may continue in 2024 
further impacting the Group.   
While volatility may drive volumes on trading venues, the recession 
and slow GDP growth may be reflected in issuance and trading, 
clearing and settlement volumes, and demand for market data, which 
may negatively impact Group revenue and growth targets.  Declines in 
volumes may also impact the Group’s market share or pricing 
structures.
The expected recessionary and increasing credit risk environment 
may negatively impact markets, which may experience  a “flight to 
quality”, negatively impacting business where the Group has activities.  
Further, a flight to quality may result in less volatile BTP-Bund 
spreads, the trend over 2023 was a tightening of the spread versus 
increasing spread, volume is expected to continue in the first half of 
2024 maintaining the overall volume of bonds traded on Group 
markets on the upside. 
In case of a temporary recession the impact on the Group may be 
muted due to potential opportunities of portfolio reallocation. Should 
a recession be persistent, higher credit risk, increased bond spreads, 
and impacts to market liquidity, may result in participants reducing 
their trading activity and suspending potential listings. 
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
62


Page 65:
Competition Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
The industry in which the Group operates is highly competitive. In 
particular, the Group’s trading business is facing market 
fragmentation and increased competition, from OTC and bilateral 
trading, systematic internalisers and Multilateral Trading Facilities 
(MTFs). The listing business is facing competition from Regulated 
Markets as well as private equity funding. 
Competition has intensified due to trends including: 
■ technological innovation; 
■ the globalisation of capital markets, which has resulted in 
greater mobility of capital, greater international 
participation in local regions and more competition among 
different geographical areas; 
■ the continued expansion of other market participants 
impacting volumes on our markets;  
■ the growing appeal of private equity;  and, 
■ increased competition among exchanges, central 
counterparties and CSDs.  
The Group competes with other market infrastructures on: 
■ diversity of flows,  
■ index, clearing, issuance and settlement services, 
■ data and quantitative research; 
■ ease of use and performance of trading, clearing and 
settlement systems including quality and speed of 
execution and functionality;
■ range of products and services offered to customers, 
trading and clearing participants and listed companies; and 
■ adoption of technological advancements. 
Competition on price across each of the Group’s product areas 
including, trade execution, post-trade services, market data, and 
technology continue, and is expected to persist.  Finally, competition 
may intensify further should certain rules, regulation and 
circumstances change.
Should the Group be unable to adapt to continued changing market 
pressures, evolving customer demands, or is required to adapt its 
pricing structure, revenues and profit margins could decline. 
The success of the Group’s business depends on its ability to attract 
and maintain order flow, both in absolute terms and relative to other 
market infrastructures, and the loss of order flow would negatively 
impact the Group’s sources of liquidity and its market position, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Intensifying competition among exchanges and private equity offers 
may have a negative impact on listing fees and future trading fees.
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 63

Page 66:
Operational Risks
Cyber Security Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
Cyber resilience is a critical priority for the Group.  The Group’s growth 
footprint and threat landscape in terms of employees, geographical, and 
business footprint increases the Group’s exposure to cybersecurity 
threats meaning that secure transmission of business information over 
public and other networks are critical elements to the Group’s operations. 
The volume of cyber-attacks has been increasing in general and, 
consequently, within the financial sector. As the Group expands, it  
accumulates, stores, and uses more business data which are protected by 
business contracts and regulated by various laws, including data 
protection, in the countries in which it operates. The Group expansion 
also leads to an enlarged global footprint, expanding the overall attack 
surface. 
The Group may be exposed to exploitation of its internet exposed 
applications by malicious actors, data leakage, including ransomware, 
unauthorized access or other security incidents including: 
■ Breaches at the level of third parties, including cloud 
computing services, to whom Euronext provides information 
and may not be fully diligent in safeguarding it. 
■ DDoS threats on internet exposed assets and applications of 
the Group.
■ Attacks leveraging potentially unsecure internet connections 
for employees working remotely.
■ Advanced persistent threats from highly sophisticated 
attackers including state sponsored or organised crime hacking 
groups with malicious intentions which may target the financial 
sector.  
■ Third-party software used by Euronext within its context and 
software solutions, which is available to the public and may be 
exposed to unknown or undisclosed vulnerabilities (zero-days). 
■ Phishing attacks targeting Group employees.
■ Persons who circumvent deployed security measures that 
could wrongfully access the Group’s or its customers 
information, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in the 
Group’s operations. Data protection regulations increase the 
risks associated with regulatory non-compliance in case there 
is an incident.
The impact of a successful cybersecurity attack depends on the nature 
and scope of the attack , for example: 
■ Security breaches, leaks, loss or theft of sensitive, personal, 
strategic or confidential data, including data subject to 
protection laws, and other related security incidents could 
cause Euronext to incur reputational damage, regulatory 
sanctions, litigation and/or have an impact on its financial 
results. 
■ A successful cybersecurity attack on the Group’s IT systems 
may affect the confidentiality, availability or integrity of 
information. 
■ A cybersecurity attack may result in system operational failures 
due to vulnerability exploitation. 
■ Internet facing Systems may face downtime due to DDoS 
attack.
The Group is committed to maintaining and safeguarding its IT systems 
and information, with particular attention on external growing threats and 
threat actors (such as cybercriminals). However, malfunctions, significant 
disruption, loss or disclosure of sensitive data could disrupt the Group’s 
operations, result in significant reputational harm or have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
64


Page 67:
Technology Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
Technology is a key component of Euronext’s business strategy, and 
is crucial to the Company’s success. Euronext’s business depends on 
the security, performance and stability of complex computer and 
communications systems. The ability to expand system capacity and 
performance to handle increased demand or regulatory 
requirements is fundamental to Group operations. 
The Group's markets have experienced systems failures and delays in 
the past and could experience future systems failures and delays, 
impacting our members and clients and related trade executions. 
Such failures may arise for a wide variety of reasons including 
hardware and software malfunctions or defects, or complications 
experienced in connection with the operation of such systems, 
including system upgrades. 
The Group is currently undergoing significant technology 
transformation projects in line with its strategic plan. Projects 
include the migration of Borsa Italiana markets to the Optiq ® trading 
platform, and the European expansion of Euronext Clearing both of 
which have completed significant milestones in 2023 and are 
expected to be completed in 2024. In addition CSD initiatives that 
are aimed to foster harmonisation have progressed over 2023 and 
will continue in 2024. The magnitude of these transformations carry 
project and change management risk,  and once implemented,  a 
broader technology risk that if the Group’s technology and/or 
information systems suffer from major or repeated failures, this 
could interrupt or disrupt the Group's operations or services.
Euronext's future success will depend, in part, on continued 
innovation and investment in its trading and post-trade systems and 
related ability to respond to customer demands, understand and react 
to emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and 
timely basis. 
Given the  significance of ongoing integrations and projects, as well as 
the continuing need for effective change and integration 
management, to minimise disruptions, may have a negative cascading 
effect on strategic objectives.   
Following the completion of transformation project milestones over 
2023 (Borsa Italiana cash equity trading and expansion of cash equity 
clearing of Euronext markets (except Oslo Bors) and deployment of 
data centre service offerings (colocation and customer managed 
connectivity (CMC)) Euronext is becoming a critical service provider 
for some of its clients, thus increasing the impact and visibility of 
system failures or disruptions should they occur. 
In general, should the Group’s technology not be properly managed, 
and system issues occur during operations, reputational damage and 
confidence in the Group maybe undermined, and may lead to customer 
claims, litigation and regulatory actions including investigations or 
fines.   
Third Party Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
There is a risk that if one of the Group's third party services providers 
suffer from major or repeated failures, Group operations or services 
could be interrupted or disrupted.  
Technology Service Providers
the Aruba data centre located near Bergamo (Italy), is critical third 
party for the Group housing its core data centre, the Group has  
internalised a number of data centre services while third parties offer 
complementary services reducing dependencies on third parties.  The 
Group continues to depend on Equinix who provides the secondary 
data centre. 
Euronext depends on Amazon Web Services (AWS) for select cloud 
services, notably for regulatory and external reporting. 
With respect security services the Group relies on Cap Gemini for 
services related to its Security Operations Centre to assisting the 
permanent monitoring of the Group's environments. 
Clearing Service Providers and Settlement Partners 
In Q4 2023 the Group’s CCP, Euronext Clearing, replaced LCH S.A., a 
central clearing party owned by LSEG Group, as the default CCP for its 
trading venues for equity cash clearing reducing its dependence on 
this third part. However, open access is maintained via the Preferred 
CCP Model under which LCH S.A. and CBOE Clear Europe which remain 
preferred CCPs for all trading venues with the exception of Oslo. With 
respect to Oslo cash markets, Euronext Oslo relies on three 
interoperable CCPs: LCH Ltd, Cboe Clear Europe and Six X Clear. 
LCH S.A. will remain the CCP for trades executed on the Group’s 
derivatives markets (excluding Borsa Italiana) until the completion of 
the Group CCP expansion of its derivatives markets in 2024. Borsa 
Italiana derivatives are already cleared by the Group’s CCP.
LCH SA together with the Group's CCP provide clearing for the fixed 
instruments traded on MTS platform via the interoperability link 
established between these two CCPs.  
The settlement of trades concluded on the Group's trading venues 
relies not only the Group's own CSDs but also on third party CSDs, 
according to the type of securities to be settled.
Technology Service Providers 
Euronext actively manages its relationships with its key strategic 
technology suppliers, and includes framework Service Level 
Agreements to ensure services are guaranteed.  However, should a 
significant disruption occur, including a discontinuation of services or 
a service failure, the Group may experience significant disruption to 
its business and may be subject to, reputational damage, litigation by 
its customers or increased regulatory scrutiny or regulatory fines.
Clearing Service Providers and Settlement Partners
To the extent that any of the entities providing clearing or settlement 
for trades concluded on Euronext markets experience difficulties, 
materially change its business relationship with the Group, or are 
unable for any reason to perform its obligations, the Group may suffer 
negative impacts on its operations, business, reputation, and financial 
results.  
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 65

Page 68:
Business Continuity Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
Business continuity a key objective of the Group’s operational 
resilience strategy, helps to address the Group’s ability to prevent, 
adapt, respond and recover from operational disruptions to minimise 
the impact on our customers and on the financial stability of capital 
markets. 
The energy crisis experienced in Europe in 2022 has been largely 
tempered in 2023. The Group continues to monitor the situation 
should underlying tensions increase. 
The rise of social and environmental tensions in Europe may create 
pressure on the physical security of facilities and well-being of 
employees. 
Unforeseen events such as physical security and system security 
threats, epidemic or pandemic, or a major system breakdown, could 
impact the continuity of the Group’s services operation, reputation 
and its financial condition, cause financial detriment both internally 
and externally to the wider market.
Should an energy crisis or significant social disruption occur, the 
Group, particularly its critical services or its critical service providers 
of the Group including data centres be impacted, the Group may not be 
able to run its critical operations without disruption or diminished 
service which may negatively impact the reputation and  financial 
results and of the Group. 
Employee Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
People management is a key component of Euronext's business and 
ESG strategy, and is crucial to the Group's success. 
People risks could arise from a lack of critical skills, which could 
impact the ability for the Group to deliver its objectives.  
The ability to attract and retain key employees and critical skills is 
dependent on many factors including market conditions, internal 
talent development and compensation practices, and employee 
engagement initiatives.  A people strategy to support the Group 
strategy and company purpose, a structured organisation and a 
diverse workforce are necessary to ensure people engagement and 
performance. 
An inability to attract skilled senior management and other key people 
at the right time and with the right skills could impact delivery of some 
projects and financial objectives at business line level. Employee 
turnover is not expected to impact the business or operational 
resilience of the Group.
Regulatory and Liabilities Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
Euronext operates in a highly regulated environment with multiple 
regulators which highlights a potential risk that one or more of the 
Group's entities may fail to comply with the regulatory or contractual 
requirements to which it is subject. Compliance risk may arise under 
laws and regulations relating to financial markets and services, 
insurance, tax, employee behaviour, misuse of information systems, 
technology, data and intellectual property of others, data privacy, 
market abuse, corruption, anti-money laundering, financial sanctions, 
foreign asset controls, and data privacy and foreign corrupt practices 
areas. 
In addition, potential liabilities may result  from disputes terms of a 
securities trade and/or settlement, from claims that a system, or 
operational failure or delay caused monetary losses to a customer, as 
well as employment, competition matters and other commercial 
disputes. 
Euronext N.V. licenses rights to a number of trademarks, service 
marks, trade names, copyrights, applications (that also embed 
libraries or components subject to open source licenses), products, 
specific deliverables, software and databases, including those of third 
parties. The Group’s intellectual property could be misappropriated by 
third parties, and/or the Group may inadvertently infringe third party 
IP rights during its business activities., particularly as the Group is 
increasingly digitalised. 
Euronext could be exposed to significant fines or sanctions from 
relevant regulators, authorities or a court that announce adverse 
resolutions of any lawsuit or claim against Euronext Group as well, 
which could impose restrictions on how Euronext Group shall conduct 
its businesses and the ability to compete. This situation may expose 
the Group to significant reputational damage, consequences on the 
Group’ financial results, and the significant legal expenses in 
defending claims, even those without merit.
Failure to protect intellectual property (including trademarks service 
marks, trade names and copyrights) adequately could harm the 
Group’s reputation and affect its ability to compete effectively, 
diminish the value of that intellectual property as an asset as well as 
diminishing potential revenues stemming from those rights.  Further, 
defending the Group’s intellectual property rights may require 
significant financial and managerial resources. 
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
66


Page 69:
Financial Risks
Credit risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
Non-Clearing
The Group’s exposure to credit risk predominantly arises in the event 
of a counterparty default, from its operating activities, primarily trade 
receivables, its financing activities, and the investment in cash 
equivalents, short-term financial investments and derivatives 
contracts used for hedging purposes. 
The Group’s power market is potentially subject to credit risk should 
one of its members  default with an amount in excess of the collateral 
provided outstanding. The power market has a credit risk towards its 
main banking partner with respect to the settlement of wholesale 
electricity transactions. 
Non-Clearing
The Group may incur a loss that would impact its net income should 
one of the counterparties to which it is exposed default. Adverse 
changes in the economic environment may increase loss allowance 
provisions which would negatively impact the net income of the 
Group. 
With respect to the Group’s power market, should a participant 
default beyond the collateral, the entity could incur losses. 
Clearing 
The Group’s CCP assumes the credit counterparty risk for all cleared 
transactions. The credit risk is thus the risk of a CCP member default 
i.e. that one of the parties to a cleared transaction defaults on their 
obligation; in this circumstance the CCP is obliged to honour the 
contract on the defaulter’s behalf and thus an unmatched risk 
position arises. The CCP may suffer a loss in the process of closing 
the positions of the defaulter if the market moves against them. The 
CCP is required to make available a proportion of its regulatory 
capital available (‘skin in the game’) to cover potential residual 
defaulting losses following the exhaustion of the defaulter’s 
resources (margins and default fund contribution) before allocating 
remaining losses to non-defaulting members’ default fund allocation.  
As of February 2023 the CCP has been required to implement the 
regulatory "second skin in the game" to comply with the CCP Recovery 
and Resolution Regulation. The CCP is also exposed to Credit Risk 
linked to treasury counterparties default as any other entity of the 
Group (see Credit Risk paragraph above).
Credit risk related to CCP Investments are subject to the CCP 
Investment Policy which is aligned with EMIR regulation, and 
described under Market Risk in the “Clearing” subsection. CCP 
Investments over 2023 are negligible, almost all cash deposited at 
Central Bank.  
Clearing 
Should a default of a CCP clearing member not be manageable within 
the resources available, the CCP’s (and by extension the Group’s) 
reputation and financial resources may be adversely impacted. 
In case of usage of the CCP’s own resources (first and second ‘Skin in 
the Game’) during a default of a clearing member, the CCP must 
restore these capital reserves  to continue to fulfil the regulatory 
requirements. If CCP reserves and/or capital surplus are not 
sufficient to replenish the skin in the game contributions, CCP 
shareholders would be asked to replenish them by contributing in a 
capital injection. The financial and reputational impact of CCP 
recapitalisation on the Group may be significant.
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 67

Page 70:
Market Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
Non-Clearing
Market risk arises from changes in interest rates, foreign-exchange 
risk and other market prices. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on both fixed-rate bond and 
floating rate financial assets and liabilities, including the fixed-rate 
bonds and the Revolving Credit Facility. 
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from the 
translation of assets and liabilities of subsidiaries with functional 
currencies other than the Euro. The Group is exposed to foreign 
exchange risk primarily in NOK, USD, DKK and GBP. Fluctuations may 
affect the Group’s profit margins and value of assets and liabilities in 
non-euro denominated currencies when translated into Euros.
Please refer to Note 37 in the Notes to the Financial Statements for 
details on sensitivity analyses performed by Group Treasury. 
Non-Clearing
Increased interest rates could negatively impact the net financial 
income of the Group by increasing the cost of borrowing, refinancing, 
however having a positive impact on interest income on cash 
investments. 
Fluctuations in non-Euro currencies particularly with respect to the 
NOK, USD and GBP may impact the income generated and the 
(regulatory) equity in these currencies when translated into Euros in 
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Although the Group seeks to limit its exposure to market risks, it 
cannot eliminate them. As such, adverse changes in market 
conditions, on both interest rate and foreign currency fluctuations 
may negatively impact the net financial income of the Group.
Clearing 
The CCP assumes the counterparty risk for all cleared transactions. 
This is a latent market risk as it only exists in the event of a clearing 
member default. In addition the risk is increased if market conditions 
are unfavourable at the time of default.  
Regarding the CCP Investment Risk, the Group’s CCP makes 
investments in high-quality liquid sovereign bonds. CCP Investments 
over 2023 are negligible, almost all cash deposited at Central Bank.  
The successful operation of these investment activities is contingent 
on general market conditions and there is no guarantee that such 
investments may be exempt from unexpected losses (that could 
materialise in case of default of a  Sovereign Country, a number of 
Clearing members, or unfavourable interest rate movements).
Clearing 
Should a default of a CCP clearing member not be manageable within 
the resources available, the CCP’s (and by extension the Group’s) 
reputation and financial resources may be adversely impacted. 
Unfavourable movements in interest rates could negatively impact the 
net financial income of the Group by reducing interest income. 
Liquidity Risk
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
Non-Clearing 
The Group would be exposed to a liquidity risk if its short-term 
liabilities become higher than its cash, cash equivalents, short-term 
financial investments and available bank facilities and in the case 
where the Group is not able to refinance this liquidity deficit, for 
example, through new banking lines. 
The Group’s power market is exposed to liquidity risk should there be a 
significant delay in receiving large payments.                                    
Non-Clearing     
In the event that the Group fails to maintain a level of liquidity 
sufficient to cover its short term obligations, it will increase its default 
risk, potentially damage its creditworthiness and subsequently its 
reputation. 
Depending on the amount of the liquidity shortfall resulting from a 
delayed payment to the  the Group’s power market’s, the Group may be 
asked to fill the liquidity gap in extreme circumstances.
Clearing 
The Group’s CCP is exposed to the risk of incapacity to meet cash 
obligations towards its Clearing Members both in standard conditions 
and while managing a member default.
Clearing 
The Group’s CCP collects clearing members’ margin and default funds 
contributions in cash and/or in highly liquid securities. To maintain 
sufficient ongoing liquidity and immediate access to funds, the 
Group’s CCP deposits the cash received in highly liquid and secure 
investments, such as Central Bank accounts, sovereign bonds and 
reverse repos, as mandated under EMIR. In the event that the CCP fails 
to have sufficient liquidity to fund its obligations the CCP may have 
significant reputational and regulatory impacts  which may further 
extend to the Group.
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
68


Page 71:
Capital Requirement Risk  
Risk Identification and Description Potential Impact on the Group
Euronext N.V. as well as certain local entities, operate under strict 
regulatory requirements, which may include the maintenance of 
minimum capital requirements.
Management of regulatory capital is conducted in compliance with 
applicable regulation. Capital Requirements Regulation, MiFID II, 
Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR), CSDR, as well respectively 
applicable national requirements. There is a risk that Euronext N.V. or 
one of its regulated entities fails to comply with the applicable 
regulation and associated requirements for minimum capital held. 
In the event that Euronext N.V. or its regulated subsidiaries do not 
have sufficient regulatory capital, the Group or the relevant 
subsidiary's operating licences may be jeopardised, which would 
affect the Group’s capacity to operate its financial infrastructure, 
negatively impacting revenues, brand and reputation. 
2.2 Mitigation Measures
The measures described in this section are presented to 
provide additional information on the Group’s efforts to seek to 
manage the likelihood, frequency, or impact of certain risks. 
Despite the measures noted, the Group’s efforts may not be 
successful in limiting or preventing these risks from 
materialising or may not achieve the intended benefits, 
therefore risks in Section 2.1 - Risk Factors  remain material 
risks for the Group. Refer to  Section 2.1 - Risk Factors for a 
discussion of the Risk Factors that may negatively impact the 
Group.
Strategic Risks
Strategic Transformation Risk  
The Group closely monitors its transformation programs, 
which include formal frameworks that establish governance 
bodies to organise, and implement its strategic projects. 
Governance instances are also developed horizontally across 
strategic projects to identify cross-dependencies, including 
delivery and internal and external readiness. 
Group knowledge and expertise is continually increasing as the 
Group gains capacity, competence and experience in 
expanding its technology into the Group and delivering 
synergies. The Group has developed a strong project culture 
including management knowledge and oversight of projects, 
reinforcing the Group's ability to complete projects within 
expected timelines. 
Regulatory Evolution and Enhanced Regulatory Scrutiny Risk 
Euronext actively monitors all relevant European and national 
legislative and regulatory policy developments and engages in 
regular discussions with issuers and trading members, 
European and national policy-makers, and regulators to 
provide input and respond to developments and consultations 
attempting to ensure an acceptable impact on our markets. 
Euronext is working to simplify and harmonise its regulatory 
process. However, Euronext remains subject to all applicable 
regulations and directives signed into law whether they be 
detrimental to Euronext’s business or not and may translate 
into an additional regulatory burden for the Group or its 
entities. 
Global and Regional Economy Risk
Euronext considers international institutions’ economic 
outlooks and analyst forecasts to assess the level of this risk. 
The Group has demonstrated the resilience of its business 
model (diverse asset classes, geographic regions and other 
sources of income), and is working to develop its non-volume 
related businesses to reduce the impacts of macroeconomic 
volatility.   
Competition Risk 
The Group challenges its peers on their markets, in particular 
for the listing of global companies and SMEs in the technology 
sector. The Group has established a sales presence building 
proximity in several European locations. The Group identifies 
unlisted companies to support meeting their ambitions 
(additional financing) and maintains targeted pre-IPO 
programmes to familiarise key executives with financing 
solutions of capital markets. 
Innovation in the equity sector and movements in the 
competitive landscape are closely monitored and actions are 
taken to protect market share and develop new offerings to 
attract trading. Euronext is focused on delivering the highest 
quality liquidity management with the aim of providing a deep 
pool of liquidity, best execution and a resilient market. The 
Group maintains, or improves its position by offering services, 
research and client engagement to respond to client needs. In 
particular, Euronet is expanding its pan-European and US 
equity offering for 2024 Euronext will implement new 
functionalities for the trading execution of institutional flow. 
The Group clearing house competes for cash equity clearing 
flows, to maintain attractivity the Group seeks to generate 
decreased costs for clearing members for the clearing and 
settlement of instruments. 
Operational Risks
Cybersecurity Risk 
The Group makes significant efforts to mitigate cybersecurity 
risks, whether from threat actors or vulnerabilities, from 
materialising by making targeted investments in people, 
processes, and technology. The Group has a specific 
cybersecurity strategy, roadmap, and a Group-wide 
established governance model supported by dedicated 
resources. The roadmap and strategy are challenged by 
internal audits, external auditors and regulators from all 
countries where Euronext operates regulated markets. 
Euronext implements a security strategy and best practices 
aligned and certified in recognised global standards (e.g. 
ISO9001, ISO 27001, NIST) and seek to ensure a high level of 
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 69

Page 72:
cybersecurity maturity. Despite the Group's efforts, 
cybersecurity threats continue to grow in sophistication and 
thus the risk cannot be eliminated.  
Technology Risk 
The performance and availability of the Group’s systems are 
reviewed continuously and monitored to prevent problems 
when possible and responding, in a timely and efficient 
manner, when problems do occur. Euronext continuously 
invests in the development of its technology in order to 
maintain and ensure best in class service and capacity.
The Group has established governance instances to oversee 
multiple parallel IT programmes. This supports the objective of 
control of execution, proper resource allocation while 
maintaining system stability and continuity of service. 
Third Party Risk
Technology Service Providers
The Group seeks to identify and manage risks associated with 
third party supplier risk by partnering with reputable 
technology and services providers, via audits of the 
technology, backups and business continuity arrangements, as 
well as information on remediation plans should any of its 
providers experience service issues. The Aruba Data Centre is 
state-of-the-art Tier 4 data centre which ensures 
redundancies to avoid outages. The Group has implemented an 
Outsourcing Policy and a Procurement Policy which ensure the 
due diligence and contract review of all service providers to 
ensure that contracts are robust.  
Clearing Service Providers and Settlement Partners
Euronext has contracts with each of its post-trade clearing 
providers that establish clear governance and service quality. 
Specifically, with LCH S.A. a long-term derivatives clearing 
contract has been signed between two entities and regular 
governance instances are established that maintains the 
relationship and ensures regular communication between the 
two entities. The derivatives clearing contract will be 
terminated following the migration of derivatives clearing to 
Euronext Clearing. 
Following the change of default CCP for cash equity, Euronext 
Clearing, the Group's CCP, has contractual relationships with 
the CSDs which provide settlement and custody services for 
Euronext Clearing, including the Group's CSDs and Euroclear 
Bank. Such contracts include provisions to ensure the 
continuity of service. The Group interests are further 
protected at in Euroclear as the Group holds 3.5% stake of 
Euroclear S.A./N.V and is further represented on the Board of 
Directors.  
Business Continuity Risk 
The Group has process and controls in place to mitigate the 
impacts of unforeseen disruptions on its business activities. 
The Group has a strong group-wide Business Continuity Policy 
and programme, with mature governance instances in place. 
The Policy includes risk-based scenarios that support the 
assessment of the risk profile of the Group and its 
subsidiaries. 
The Group maintains an ongoing process to assess its 
operational resilience and capacity to operate critical 
activities in the face of potential energy outages across its 
locations.  The Group along with financial sector peers seek to 
ensure the well-being of their employees and continuity of 
their operations and to this end work to strengthen 
relationships with authorities to maintain security and 
resilience. 
Employee Risk 
The federal model and geographic footprint enable Euronext to 
have a diversified talent pool and to allocate resources in areas 
with less competitive market conditions. It contributes to 
minimise impacts on business and operational resilience of 
the Group. Shared processes and HR systems are deployed 
across locations together with a common framework on talent 
acquisition, talent development, succession plans, 
performance management, compensation and career mobility.  
To mitigate risk, the Group has established common Talent 
Develop practices across all locations, in accordance with the 
strategic plan priorities. A Group training plan, including 
leadership programs, and local training actions are in place to 
develop competencies of core strategic skills. 
To help prevent a skill shortage, specifically in the information 
technology field, Euronext partners with engineering and IT 
schools to co-develop projects and improve its visibility as an 
attractive employer. The Group has an “Early Career” 
programme to recruit and train students and recent graduates 
with the latest technologies and critical skills. In addition, for 
more senior roles, Euronext has developed short term and long 
term international mobility to support teams upskilling and the 
federal model.  In 2023, the Group continued to reinforce its 
ESG commitment internally and externally with initiatives to 
support its corporate purpose "Shaping capital markets for 
future generations", including Climate session, Society 
projects, a diversity network across all locations and the 
launch of a Women Network in all locations. Health, sport, 
nutrition and work-life balance programs have been reinforced 
to support our employees. 
Please see sectio n 3.4.3 - Our People  for details regarding 
employee initiatives in place.
Regulatory and Liabilities Risk 
In order to ensure that the Group remains compliant with all 
laws and regulations it has taken a range of proactive 
preventative measures. For example, the Regulatory and 
Government Affairs team of the Group monitors and informs 
the business about all relevant legislative developments, to 
ensure that business lines and operations are aware of all 
applicable rules and regulations. In addition, compliance 
policies and procedures are in place, regularly reviewed and 
supported by an annual training plan. The actions ensures 
Group entities and staff are compliant with applicable laws and 
regulations and uphold our corporate standards. The Euronext 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets out the principles of 
behaviour required of all Company employees and is provided 
to all new joiners. In addition, conduct risk is primarily 
managed via a wide range of policies and procedures, 
applicable to employees, and is enforcing these through 
regular training and monitoring. 
Legal and compliance functions have been established at 
various locations to ensure coverage of all business lines, 
including throughout all stages of business projects to comply 
with local laws and regulations.  
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
70


Page 73:
Financial Risks
Credit Risk
Non-Clearing
The Group's Treasury Investment Policy governs the credit risk 
requirements of counterparties (banks, financial institutions, 
funds) and their diversification to avoid a concentration of risk. 
Investments of cash and cash equivalents in bank current 
accounts and money market instruments, such as short-term 
fixed and floating rate interest deposits, are governed by a 
strict group Treasury Investment Policy aimed at reducing 
credit risk. The Group seeks to limit its exposure to credit risk 
by rigorously selecting the counterparties with whom it 
executes agreements. Credit risk created by derivatives for 
hedging purposes are negotiated with leading high-grade 
banks. The Group continuously monitors the credit ratings of 
its counterparties and reviews individual counterparty limits 
on a regular basis. Customers of the Group are typically leading 
highly rated financial institutions. 
Credit risk at the Group’s power market is reduced by the 
margin/collateral posted by members, which is intended to 
exceed their expected daily trading. The Group’s power market 
adjusts its risk model parameters to take into account high 
volatility and prices to ensure sufficient levels of collateral in 
case of a member default. In certain circumstances, trading 
could potentially exceed collateral posted, however the entity 
closely monitors all members to prevent outstanding trading 
amounts in excess of collateral capacity. Key banking 
relationship assessed and considered low risk given high 
credit rating and systemic importance. 
Clearing
Risks associated with clearing activity are mitigated by a 
number of preventative controls and as well as measures that 
seek to reduce the impact should the risk materialise, the 
most important of which include:
■ Strict CCP membership rules including supervisory 
capital and operational capability
■ The maintenance of prudent levels of margin and 
default funds to cover exposures to participants. 
Members deposit margins are computed at least daily 
(including intraday calls), to cover the expected costs 
which the clearing service could incur in closing out 
open positions in a volatile market in the event of the 
member’s default. 
■ Regular ‘Fire Drills’ are carried out to test the 
operational soundness of the CCP's default 
management processes.
Market Risk 
Non-clearing
All outstanding bonds maturing between 2025-2041 totalling 
€3 050 million are fixed-rate bonds not hedged. The Group 
seeks to protect capital by making short term investments in 
high quality and low risk financial instruments. 
Foreign currency risk is reduced because the operating 
revenue and expenses in the various Group subsidiaries are 
generally denominated in the functional currency of each 
relevant subsidiary. The Group may use derivative instruments 
or foreign denominated debt to manage its net investment 
exposures. The Group is primarily exposed to major 
currencies, for which it is the Group’s policy not to hedge net 
investment exposures, cash flows paid or received at a 
currency different from the functional currency of the entity in 
question. While not typical, the Group may consider, on a case 
by case, hedging net investments and cash flows should 
circumstances dictate. 
Clearing 
Margins and default funds collected from Clearing Members 
are sized to protect against latent market risk. The adequacy 
of margins is daily (also intraday) monitored and adjusted. Daily 
stress test based on ‘extreme but plausible’ scenarios 
encapsulating not only historical crises, but theoretical 
scenarios ensure that the Default Funds are sufficient to cover 
the most exposed banking groups. The CCP is compliant with 
the appropriate regulatory requirements regarding margin 
calculations, capital and default rules. 
The CCP has a specific Investment Policy, compliant with EMIR 
Regulation. It defines the scope and the limits of potential 
investments to ensure that risk taking is limited and 
controlled. The Group’s CCP manages its exposure to credit 
and concentration risks arising from such investments by 
maintaining a diversified portfolio of high-quality liquid 
investments. The CCP monitors on an permanent basis, its 
portfolio and its compliance with the Investment Policy. Given 
the external environment, Euronext Clearing has adapted its 
strategy to risk-off to terminate any residual risk.  
Liquidity Risk 
Non-Clearing
The Group’s policy is to maintain sufficient cash, cash 
equivalents and available bank facilities to enable the Group to 
repay its financial liabilities at all maturities, irrespective of 
incoming cash flows generated by operational activities. 
These assets are managed as a global treasury portfolio 
invested in non-speculative financial instruments, readily 
convertible to cash to ensure a high level of available liquidity.
The Group’s power market has committed risk capital, 
committed and uncommitted credit lines, trading is covered by 
collateral posted by members via pledged accounts, on-
demand bank guarantees and letters of credit. Additionally the 
settlement cycle provides a buffer between inflow and 
outflows that further underpins liquidity. These measures have 
been established to help ensure that the entity has sufficient 
liquidity should it be required.
Clearing 
The Group's CCP has implemented a regulatory compliant 
Liquidity Plan (regularly reviewed and shared with the CCP's 
regulators head of submission to the CCP’s Board for approval) 
for day-to-day liquidity management and controls, including 
contingencies for stressed conditions. The Group's CCP has 
multiple layers of defence against liquidity shortfalls including: 
minimum cash balances, access to contingent liquidity, and 
access to intraday central bank liquidity and secured and 
unsecured committed lines of credit. Investments over 2023 
are, however, negligible almost all cash collateral is deposited 
at the Central Bank. 
Capital Requirements Risk 
Euronext N.V. has a control and regulatory reporting 
framework with dedicated procedures aimed at ensuring the 
regular monitoring of the Capital Requirements for each of the 
regulated entities and that sufficient capital is constantly 
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 71

Page 74:
maintained within specific thresholds to meet the required 
levels under each of the regulations applicable to its 
subsidiaries. 
2.3 Control Framework
A Unified Second Line of Defence 
Euronext is dedicated to building the leading European 
market infrastructure and powering capital markets to 
finance the real economy, while delivering value to 
shareholders. To execute our ambitions Euronext is 
committed to preserving a balance between pursuing our 
strategic ambitions and ensuring operational excellence. To 
support our ambitions and preserve favourable conditions to 
fulfil its mandate Euronext has adopted Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) framework and Internal Control 
frameworks.
The Enterprise Risk Management framework is designed and 
operated to identify potential events that may affect the 
Company, with the objective of protecting the Company. The 
ERM approach provides a framework to identify, assess, 
measure and manage risk to be within the defined risk 
appetite, via mitigation measures and control mechanisms, 
and monitor and report risks to protect the Group.
The Internal Control framework is designed to complement 
the ERM Framework. It seeks to support the Group in ensuring 
controls are robust, i.e. appropriately designed and 
implemented and correctly executed to support risk 
mitigation. 
Corporate Compliance provides guidance with dedicated 
policies and standards to all Group staff, to establish and 
safeguard required and expected conduct in accordance with 
all applicable regulations and Group expectations. 
Business Continuity Management (BCM) underpins Group 
operational resilience as it seeks to anticipate, respond and 
mitigate the impacts of potential incidents and crises to 
ensure the recover of critical processes and operational as 
quickly as possible in the event of a significant disruption. 
Euronext embeds the risk and control awareness in the 
Company culture, to make risk and opportunity management 
a regular and everyday process for employees. The 
Supervisory and Managing Boards regard risk management 
and internal control as key management processes to steer 
Euronext, and enable management to effectively manage 
risks and opportunities.
Risk Management, Internal Control, Compliance and Business 
Continuity Management teams work closely to support and 
protect Group value, assets, and reputation. 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework
The objectives and principles for the ERM process are set 
forth in the Group’s ERM Policy. The ERM process is based on 
industry best practice of both Internal Control and Enterprise 
Risk Management. It employs a bottom-up and top-down 
process to enable better management and transparency of 
risks and opportunities. At the top, the Supervisory Board and 
Managing Board discuss major risks and opportunities, 
related risk responses and controls and opportunity capture, 
as well as the status of the Group risk profile, including 
significant changes and planned improvements. The design of 
the Group risk management process seeks to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations with respect 
to internal control and risk management, addressing both 
subjects in parallel.
Enterprise Risk Management Framework Governance
The ERM framework and governance is designed to allow the 
Managing Board and the Supervisory Board, as part of 
Euronext’s business mode l (see Section 1.3.1 - Business 
Overview of this Document for information ), to identify and 
assess the Company’s principal risks to enable strong 
decision-making to execute Group strategy. Reporting is 
made and consolidated on a regular basis to support this 
process. The risk management framework further enables the 
Supervisory and Managing Boards to maintain and attest to 
the effectiveness of the systems of internal control and risk 
management as set out in the Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code.
The Governance structure and related responsibilities for the 
ERM process are as follows:
■ The Supervisory Board validates the risk appetite, 
reviews risk management and internal control 
systems, and assesses their effectiveness via the 
Risk Committee. 
■ The Managing Board is responsible for the suitable 
design and sustainable implementation of 
enterprise risk management (ERM) and internal 
control systems across the Group. 
■ By delegation, the Risk Committee of the Managing 
Board (‘Risk Committee of MB’ or ‘RCMB’) oversees 
that the RM Policy and the RM Framework is applied, 
discusses key risks and potential actions, and 
challenges the RM Process. It defines and applies 
the risk appetite of the Group. The RCMB is 
composed of a subsection of the Managing Board.  
■ Boards of subsidiaries, if constituted, ensure that 
the RM Policy and the RM Framework is appropriate 
to the specific circumstances of the entity and 
serves the governance and regulatory requirements 
of that entity.
■ The Group’s CFO has primary responsibility for the 
controls over financial reporting and regulatory 
capital requirements.
■ The Group’s CISO has primary responsibility for the 
controls over cyber and information security.
■ The senior management of the Company assume 
responsibility for the operation and monitoring of 
the ERM system in their respective areas of 
responsibility, including appropriate responses to 
reduce the probability and impact of risk exposures 
and increase the probability and impact of 
opportunities.
■ The Head of Risk and Compliance is appointed by the 
Managing Board, reports to the Chief Executive 
Officer and has a line of communication to the Risk 
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
72


Page 75:
Committee of the Supervisory Board. This reporting 
structure provides the necessary independence 
second line of defence teams. 
The Group Head of  Risk and Compliance has primary 
responsibility for the ERM strategy, priorities, 
process design, culture development and related 
tools; the risk management organisation is 
structured cross-division, as a network of risk 
owners permitting the coverage of the entire Group 
and drives a proactive risk management culture. 
Risk and Compliance officers are located in countries where 
Euronext conducts its activities and are supported as 
necessary by local legal staff to benefit from the local 
expertise and knowledge of the local business and 
environment. 
External Auditors
Regulators
Supervisory
Board
Approves strategic objectives and validates the risk appetite
Reviews Euronext's risk management and internal control systems
Assess these systems' effectiveness via its Risk and Audit Committees
Managing 
Board
Oversees the suitable design and sustainable implementation of Enterprise Management 
Management (ERM) and internal control systems across the Group
Defines and allocates risk appetite across the Group
Dedicated governance of risk management
Three Lines of Defence Model
1
st 
LINE OF DEFENCE 2
nd
  LINE OF DEFENCE 3
rd
 LINE OF DEFENCE
Business & Operations Management Risk Management, Internal Control, 
Compliance, Specialist functions Internal Audit
Identifies and manages risks in its 
scope and responsibility
Maintains effective day-to-day 
control
Develop and promotes the ERM 
framework supporting 
management in the identifications, 
assessment, management, 
monitoring and reporting of risks
Facilitates consistent and period 
reviews of the design and 
implementation of internal control 
systems
Provides independent assurance 
of the effectiveness of the risk 
management and internal control 
frameworks, design of the 
controls, and activities in the 
Group
Euronext’s internal risk management and control is a process 
executed by the Managing Board, management and other 
employee stakeholders. It is designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the achievement of objectives in the 
following categories: 
■ effectiveness and efficiency of operations; 
■ reliability of financial and non-financial information; 
■ compliance with laws, regulations and internal 
policies; 
■ safeguarding of assets, and identification and 
management of liabilities; and
■ strategic and business objectives. 
No major failings were identified by the Risk and Internal 
Control Programmes over the course of 2023. 
As Euronext continuously evolves its internal control 
programme and related oversight, it will continue to challenge 
first line controls and ensure the Internal Control testing plan 
is risk-based and adapted to oversee critical processes. 
Euronext’s first and second lines of defence perform their 
roles in risk assessment and reporting on risk management 
and control systems. The results are reported in the Risk 
Profile and discussed regularly at Managing Board meetings 
and with the Supervisory Board via the Risk Committee of the 
Supervisory Board. 
Internal Audit, as the third line of defence, provides an 
independent and objective assurance on the organisation's 
governance, risk management and internal control as well as 
the operational robustness of processes. Internal Audit 
reports are discussed with risk and process owners. The Head 
of Internal Audit attends Managing Board meetings on a 
regular basis to discuss its findings and recommendations. 
(See Section - 2.3.3 Third Line of Defence of this Document for 
more information).  
2.3.1. FIRST LINE OF DEFENCE
The First Line of Defence, represented by the department risk 
owner is accountable and has the authority to manage risk. 
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 73

Page 76:
The first line identifies, notifies, assesses, and manages/
mitigates risks within their relevant scope in coordination 
with the Second Line of Defence. Furthermore, the First Line 
of Defence cascades the risk appetite throughout their 
scope, monitors risk and validates risk-related information. 
The first line is accountable for maintaining accurate 
information regarding the action plans related to identified 
risks. The progress and effectiveness of action plans (as well 
as the implemented risk mitigation measures) is monitored by 
the relevant risk owners and, regularly and/or upon request by 
the second line of defence. 
2.3.2 SECOND LINE OF DEFENCE
The Second Line of Defence, represented by the Risk 
Management and Internal Control Teams and supported by 
the Business Continuity Management and Compliance teams. 
2.3.2.1 Risk Management 
The Risk Management team develops the risk management 
policy, including the risk appetite framework and processes, 
and supports consistent application across the Group. The 
Risk Management Team coordinates the risk management 
activities across the group, and reports to relevant instances 
(see governance above) the risks profile with a particular 
focus on eventual risks that may exceed the stated risk 
appetite levels (see section 2.3.2.1.1) for details on Risk 
Appetite). 
The Risk Management team is responsible for challenging the 
first line risk owners on the comprehensiveness and level of 
their identified risks and related mitigation measures and 
action plans to propose and recommendations where deemed 
necessary. Risk management further coordinates risk 
information from other specialist second line and control 
functions, including but not limited to Business Continuity 
Management, Internal Control and Compliance as necessary. 
Risk Appetite
Risk appetite is the type and amount of risk, on a broad level, 
Euronext is willing to take to achieve its strategic objectives. 
Developing the Risk Appetite Statements is an exercise in 
striking a balance between risk and opportunity. Risk Appetite 
is set for both risks related to daily business as usual 
operations and specific business initiatives. 
Risk Appetite sets the basis for the requirements for 
monitoring and reporting on risk. Risk appetite is considered 
at an operational level and strategic level with quantitative 
and qualitative components and cascaded into business lines 
and legal entities. These components are used during the 
assessment process to develop the residual risks and support 
risks reported and escalated to the Managing Board and 
Supervisory Board.
Risk Appetite Statements According  Risk Typology:
Strategic Risks Operational Risks Financial Risks
Moving the Group forward requires taking 
calculated risk in pursuit of rewards while 
securing its core business, its reputation 
and regulatory development including 
environment, social and governance 
subjects. 
The Group aims to ensure revenue aligns 
with the Budget Plan in expected economic 
conditions.  
The Group ensures core services are 
provided to the market and its clients.
Euronext has no appetite for a material 
compromise of the security or availability 
of our information and financial assets 
under its control or failing to meet legal and 
regulatory requirements or for its 
employees to fail to comply with internal 
Group policies.
The Group aims to design, execute and 
maintain processes that are efficient and 
effective while avoiding significant adverse 
impacts on environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) factors.
Operational investments are prioritised in 
line with the degree of tolerance accepted. 
Strategic initiatives may introduce 
increased risk for a certain period of time.
The Group will take some financial risk 
i n  a l i g n m e n t   w i t h  t h e  s t r a t e g i c  
objectives of the business within the 
limit of maintaining its investment 
grade profile. 
The Group has no appetite for regulated 
entities to fail to meet regulatory capital 
requirements and will maintain targeted 
liquidity headroom at all times. 
 
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
74


Page 77:
Risk Management Process
Risk Identification involves the identification of threats to the 
Group as well as causes of loss and potential disruptions.
In line with Risk Appetite the Group classifies its risks under 
three principle categories. risks are classified to achieve two 
objectives. 
■ Create a uniform language to examine risks;
■ Allow newly identified risks to be assigned to an 
appropriate category for measurement, tracking and 
reporting. 
The Group classifies risks into the following categories: 
Strategic, Financial and Operational (including Compliance).
These categories provide comprehensive coverage of the 
Group and its activities and are the foundation of the 
enterprise-wide risk classification system. The classification 
system ensures that risks in all businesses, subsidiaries, and 
operations of the Group and its activities are considered and 
reported.
In addition to embedding sustainability risk in the Group's risk 
appetite statements. Risks with an ESG dimension are 
integrated into the risk management process.  
Complementing the risk taxonomy ( see table below ), the 
Group has developed ESG Risk definitions and has integrated 
them to the risk process, in particular during the Risk 
Identification leg of the process. The Group's approach to ESG 
Risk Management is integrate where relevant the ESG 
dimension into existing risks, to avoid duplication.  To do this 
the Group completes a dual analysis to first identify and 
classify a risk according to its principle risk category:  
operational, strategic or financial (see table below "Overview 
and Definition of Principle Risk Categories) according to the 
Group taxonomy and then uses the ESG Risk definitions (See 
table below "ESG Risk Definitions to determine whether there 
is an ESG dimension to a risk, and thus whether it can also be 
considered an ESG Risk. 
Overview and Definition of Principle Risk Categories
Strategic Risks Operational Risks Financial Risks
Risks associated with the quality of Group 
strategy, creation, and implementation.  
Risks associated with reputation and 
stakeholder confidence.
R i s k   o f  l o s s  r e s u l t i n g  f r o m  a  f a i l u r e  i n ,  o r  
inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people, and systems or from external 
events including security. 
Risk of loss, an organisation faces, when it 
fails to act in accordance with industry 
laws and regulations, internal policies or 
prescribed best practices.
The risk of financial failure, loss of 
earnings due lack of liquidity, funding or 
capital, CCP  related financial risks and/
or the risk of improper reporting and 
disclosure of financial information.  
* For material risks categorised according to the above typology please refer to Section 2.1 - Risk Factors of this Document. 
The approach to ESG risk is considered from two 
perspectives:  inside-out risk, or the impact of the Group and 
its related activities on ESG, and outside-in risk, how ESG 
issues may impact the Group or its activities. Risks with an 
ESG dimension are either Operational or Strategic in nature.
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 75

Page 78:
ESG Risk Definitions
ESG Landscape Risk An environmental, social, or governance event or condition that, if it occurs, could cause a real or potential 
material negative impact (financial, operational or strategic (including reputation)) on Euronext Group’s 
ability to achieve its objectives, or on its stakeholders, address uncertainty and act with integrity. 
This includes the risk of a financial and strategic impact due to the inadequacy of the Group's product and 
services offering, and evolution of ESG regulations impacting the Group and/or its supply chain or service 
providers. 
Environmental Risk The risks of any negative impact on Euronext Group stemming from the current or prospective impacts of 
environmental factors on its business activities or assets. Environmental risks may take the form of 
physical risks and transition risks (outside-in) or liability risks (inside-out). 
Physical risks both acute (short-term resilience) and chronic (long-term evolution) are those risks related 
to  impacts of climate change. 
▪ Resilience Risk is the acute risk associated with a one-off climate event (more frequent/more 
severe) and how the Group  may be impacted. 
• Chronic risk (and opportunity) of long-term evolution can present as risks to physical assets, and 
or underlying markets and products impacted by climate change and a transition to a net-zero 
economy, including changes in climate-related regulation and customer perspective/appetite.
Social Risk Risk of inadequate human capital management and/or development or action negatively impacting group 
stakeholders and/or communities. 
This risk typically takes the form of organisational policies and practices regarding human rights, health 
and safety, supply chain management, diversity and inclusion, and social impacts resulting from company 
operations.
Governance Risk Inadequate, poorly designed, or absent system of rules, frameworks (policies, processes, standards and 
procedures) and oversight (internal and external) that guide the Company. 
▪ Includes frameworks such as accountability, security and transparency to ensure that the 
Company acts with integrity; 
▪ It is related to regulation and laws generally recognised on the ESG spectrum:e.g. KYC, AML, 
anti-fraud, anti-bribery, cybersecurity, data protection, business continuity, regulations or 
standards etc., generally those regulations that apply to ethical standards.
Risk Assessment  is made in the potential event of a 
developing risk or following an incident. It aims to assess the 
risk qualitatively and quantitatively where possible, using 
supporting information such as performance indicators. This 
assessment, defining the residual risk level, takes into 
account mitigation measures currently in place such as 
controls, procedures, policies, business continuity measures 
and/or insurance policies. 
The risk assessment phase is carried out by the risk 
management team in conjunction with the first line of 
defence based on data and information produced and  
collected by the first line or support functions. Mitigation 
measures for each risk are identified, evaluated, and the 
residual risk is assessed and reported.
In 2023 Group Risk Management has worked with the first line 
to identified risks with an ESG dimension and reassessed 
these risks with the first line to ensure that the impact of ESG 
is appropriated determined. The Group currently has not 
identified any material ESG risk exposures. Risks with an 
identified ESG dimension are risks that have been identified 
and categorised by the Group’s ERM taxonomy.
The Group Risk Management team has worked to support the 
ESG team in completing the double-materiality assessment 
and determining the Group’s materiality areas according to 
the CSRD ESRS and assess the impact, risk and opportunities 
related to these, for more information on the Group CSRD 
process please refer to Chapter 3 – Empowering Sustainable 
Finance of this document. 
Furthermore Group Risk Management has started a process 
of evolving the Group’s Physical Risk assessment to include a 
Physical Climate Change Risk, in addition working on further 
developing its Transition Risk Analysis, to support the Group's 
ESG objectives, enhance understanding of climate change 
risks and meet CSRD and reporting requirements  (for detailed 
information related to the double materiality assessment and 
applicable CSRD material topics, please refer to Section 3.1 of 
this Document). 
Risk Response  determines and implements the most 
appropriate treatment of identified risks. It encompasses the 
following: treat, tolerate, transfer and terminate, typically 
risks out of appetite are treated. 
Organisational units and employees perform risk 
management and implement mitigating actions, including 
among others, controls as required by the risk appetite and 
escalation process. Residual risks may remain material after 
management process is applied (see section  2.1 - Risk 
Factors). 
Risk Reporting  – the Supervisory and Managing Boards and 
Risk Committee of the Managing Board, comprised of senior 
managers, are informed in a timely and consistent manner 
about material risks, whether existing or potential, and their 
related management measures to take appropriate action. 
Reports are issued to the above mentioned boards and 
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
76


Page 79:
committee on a regular basis. Ad hoc reports may be issued 
when a new risk or the development of an existing risk 
warrants escalation. 
2.3.2.2 Internal Control 
Euronext has established a framework of internal control 
across its business areas and functions. This framework is 
based on IOSCO principles, established procedures and 
training of the key personnel responsible for implementation 
and oversight. 
Controls are performed at a first level in the businesses and 
monitored and tested by the second level by specialised 
teams, notably in Internal Control and Compliance 
departments. In accordance with professional standards 
governing this activity, internal audit independently assess 
the effectiveness of internal control and risk management 
procedures. 
The Internal Control framework is underpinned by the Group 
Internal Control Policy and complemented by an Internal 
Control Handbook. Internal Control is supported by the 
Internal Control Steering Committee and validated by the Risk 
Committee of the Managing Board. 
Internal control works closely with the Risk Management team 
to ensure that risks which have to be treated are covered by 
mitigation measures, action plans, and /or controls.
2.3.2.3 Business Continuity Management 
Business continuity is an essential component of effective 
risk management. It involves understanding an organisation's 
potential risks which, if realized, could have a high impact on 
the continuity of the organization's business operations.  
Business continuity is an essential component of effective 
risk management. It involves understanding an organisation's 
potential risks which, if realised, could have a high impact on 
the continuity of the organisation's business operations.  
Effective Business Continuity Management (BCM), including 
crisis management, is vital in protecting and underpinning the 
reputation, efficiency, and resilience of the Company, as well 
as the Group stakeholder interests. Business continuity and 
crisis management at Euronext is supported by the Business 
Continuity Management Steering Committee and validated by 
the Risk Committee of the Managing Board. 
The BCM Steering Committee's role is to review and validate 
the data consistency of the Business Continuity and Crisis 
Management and to provide guidance for the construction of 
the BCM roadmap. The Risk Committee of the Managing Board 
validates Business Continuity and Crisis Management policies 
and can arbitrate on key decisions when necessary. 
The Group has implemented a comprehensive framework for 
business continuity, including plans, testing and crisis 
preparedness, to enforce the company’s organisational 
resilience with the capacity for effective response, whether 
to maintain or restart its critical activities, safeguard the 
interests of its key stakeholders, its reputation, its brand and 
its value-creating activities.  
The Group’s business continuity objectives are as follows: 
■ safeguard the well-being and safety of employees, 
■ minimise organisational and operational risks to the 
Group, and ensure that the Group can operate 
effectively with prepared workaround and crisis 
management processes, 
■ provide a coherent framework for business 
continuity management that ensures recovery 
arrangements are taken into account as part of 
corporate and support function practices,
■ implement recovery measures for Group activities 
such that are available, and appropriate to reduce 
insofar possible disruptions of any size. 
The Business Continuity framework and its implementation at 
Euronext are based on internationally recognised business 
continuity principles, notably those developed by the 
International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) and the 
Business Continuity Institute (BCI).
2.3.2.4 Corporate Compliance
Compliance with applicable rules, regulations and ethical 
principles is key to Euronext's success and it is the obligation 
of every employee to support this effort. Euronext is strongly 
committed to conducting its business with integrity, 
excellence and responsibility and to adhering to high 
standards of ethical conduct. Euronext’s culture promotes 
accountability, responsibility, an open dialogue, and is 
bolstered by the Corporate Compliance department. The role 
of Corporate Compliance is to establish and maintain a best in 
class compliance culture within the Company and to ensure 
that Euronext’s business approach is in line with the highest 
ethical standards.
The Corporate Compliance department supports Euronext 
and its employees in complying with applicable laws and 
regulations and promotes ethical standards in accordance 
with Corporate Governance standards. Corporate Compliance 
raises awareness by articulating the responsibilities of the 
Company and its employees through policies and training, the 
monitoring of those policies, and serving as a point of contact 
contact for compliance matters for employees. 
Euronext Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
Euronext’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets and 
reaffirms Euronext’s high standards of ethical conduct and 
reinforces its business ethics, policies, and procedures. All 
board members (Managing Board, Supervisory Board and any 
other entity boards) and all employees including consultants, 
contractors and temporary employees are required to be 
compliant with the Code. 
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, is complemented 
by nine additional corporate compliance policies, and 
governs, without exception, all business activities of the 
Company. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is 
supported by additional specific compliance policies and are 
permanently, publicly available on the Euronext website and 
on the internal intranet. 
The Corporate Compliance policies that supplement the Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics cover the prevention of 
money laundering, sanction violations, corruption and fraud, 
managing conflict o f interest, confidential and inside 
information and personal trading (please refer to  Section 3  of 
this Universal Registration Document and the Group website 
for additional details on the Corporate Compliance policies). 
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is also supported by 
a confidential reporting (whistleblowing) system that enables 
employees to report, in an anonymised manner should they 
choose, alleged breaches of a general, operational and 
financial nature. The Euronext Whistleblower policy and 
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 77

Page 80:
procedure ensure that reporting employees, in good faith, are 
free to do so without fear of retaliation in accordance with the 
laws in the countries where Euronext operates. The Company 
protects anyone who reports an alleged breach of laws or 
Company policies in good faith, and ensures that they shall, in 
no way, be put at a disadvantage by the Company as a result 
of the report.
The effectiveness of the Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics and supporting policies are ensured by their 
availability, and by Group-wide training and awareness 
programs, including communication targeting all Company 
employees. In addition, Corporate Compliance department 
provides specific, targeted training for employees in sensitive 
roles that require additional awareness and training 
reinforcing the Group ethics and compliance culture. 
Anti-Fraud Framework
Euronext maintains a high level of awareness of the risk of 
fraud, both intern and external. With respect to internal fraud, 
controls to mitigate this risk are embedded in first and 
second line procedures, for example, controls to detect 
unauthorised access of internal systems by staff and multiple 
sign-offs for transfers. In addition, awareness is maintained 
through internal training on compliance and fraud-related 
subjects for all employees and additional, specific training for 
departments that are potentially more at risk. The Group 
seeks to prevent any and all occurrences of fraud, and should 
they occur, limit impacts of external fraud, broadly by 
awareness and training campaigns for all employees. 
Particularly in the case of fraud related to cyber security the 
Group maintains a dedicated strategy and implements bests 
practices. For more information on Cyber Security Risk and 
Group mitigation measures refer to Sections 2.1 Risk Factors 
and Section 2.2 Mitigation Measures of this Document.  
Governance is provided by an Anti-Fraud Framework and 
Anti-Fraud Policy, which are periodically reviewed. Reporting 
mechanisms are available to staff to ensure that alerts signals 
are referred to the relevant department for follow up.
Further, guidelines and procedures ensure that the risk of 
anti-money laundering and sanctions, bribery, fraud and 
conflicts of interest concerns are managed and that business 
is always conducted in a fair manner. Staff training and 
awareness sessions are conducted regularly in all Company 
locations to promote compliance and ethical standards.
Finally, given the dual positions of Euronext as a market 
operator and a listed issuer on the Euronext markets, the 
Compliance department has imposed strict personal dealing 
rules and a conflicts of interest procedure to ensure that 
neither the staff nor the Company itself may take undue 
advantages of from this situation.
Compliance processes are established as follows:
Dialogue with 
business
Risk mitigation 
through policies 
and procedures
Risk mitigation 
through staff 
training and 
awareness
Monitoring of 
policies and 
procedures
More information on Euronext’s commitment to Ethics are provided in Section 3.4.4 - Our Society  of this Document
2.3.2.5 Data Protection
In addition to the Corporate Compliance department the 
Group has an independent Data Protection department with a 
Group DPO appointed to ensure that data privacy and 
compliance with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is 
maintained across all Group entities. 
Euronext is committed to protect personal data and respect 
of the right to privacy. To support Group compliance to GDPR. 
Euronext has adopted a set of internal policies and 
procedures and has published or disseminated a number of 
information notices to data subjects, including but not limited 
the Data Privacy Policy, Data Classification Standard, 
Corporate Standard and Procedures for Data Protection 
Impact Assessment, Data Rights and Management of Personal 
Data Breach among others. 
Developing and maintaining staff awareness of data 
protection is key for Euronext in order to maintain compliance 
with data protection laws. As such, new arrivals must 
complete GDPR training upon arrival, and all employees 
undergo mandatory GDPR training via multiple channels. 
Additionally, those with roles that handle personal data, may 
undergo in-depth training. 
Processes that handle personal data are reviewed by the 
Group DPO at the starting phase of each new project and then 
reviewed regularly once implemented to ensure continuous 
compliance with the Group’s data privacy obligations. Since 
2020, Euronext has run a monitoring programme to control 
GDPR compliance as well as the respect of measures 
implemented internally. Following these checks, remedial 
measures are proposed and their implementation is 
monitored. Since 2022 a similar monitoring programme has 
been introduced for companies outside the Group that 
process personal data on behalf of Euronext. At the end of 
this monitoring, a report is sent to the Risk and Compliance 
Department and to the departments using the services of the 
their-party companies concerned in the event of identified 
risks. 
Further information and details on Euronext’s commitment to 
GDPR are provided in  Section 3.4.4 - Our Society,  o f this 
Document. 
2.3.2.6 Second Line Programme Development 
Euronext continues to drive improvements to its risk 
management process and the quality of risk information 
generation, while at the same time maintaining a simple and 
practical approach. The roadmap for 2023 for the Second 
Line included the below key elements
■ Risk Management involvement in key initiatives 
related to Borsa Italiana Group integration including 
developments for the Borsa Italiana Migration to the 
Optiq® trading platform, European expansion of 
Euronext Clearing and other internal development 
programme; the Risk Management supported the 
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
78


Page 81:
ESG and other key stakeholders in the CSRD double 
materiality assessment. 
■ Starting at the end of 2021, the Group embarked on a 
significant programme reviewing its internal control 
framework with the objective of  improving 
integration and streamlining internal control and the  
risk management process, and alignment with 
recognised standards. The review is ongoing and 
wholistic with an initial scope covering core-market 
businesses, IT and associated support functions. In 
2023 important evolution and maturity  includes: 
control tool maturity and adoption by multiple 
departments, continued alignment of risk 
management, and internal control approach for 
addressing risk and identifying controls. 
■ Over 2023 the Business Continuity Management 
continued its evolution and maturity with the 
integration of Borsa Italiana Group entities into 
Group business continuity management framework, 
including adapting documentation to Group 
standards and adopting Group processes. 
■ The Compliance organisation evolved in 2023 to 
reflect the Euronext Group structure to allow for 
future growth. The evolution of the Compliance 
organisation includes a quarterly Compliance 
Committee which services as a separate committee 
next to the Risk Committee of the Managing Board.  
Finally supporting a bottom-up approach the 
Compliance function enhanced several policies to 
better reflect Group ESG ambitions and objectives. 
The 2024 roadmap will continue with the topics above notably 
with the first deliveries of the final milestones of strategic 
projects of Borsa Italiana migration to Optiq ® and the 
expansion of Euronext Clearing to Derivatives. 
Internal Control will focus on deploying the Internal Control 
Tool, working with different business and operations teams to 
review and enhance their control registers and perform its 
annual testing plan. 
Business Continuity will focus on the improvement of 
resilience through testing of our capability and readiness and 
the enhancement of workaround procedures and a better 
identification of all critical assets at group level. It will also 
support business and IT on the implementation of DORA.
Compliance will complete its organisation evolution over 
2024, and continue to support business on various initiatives 
and support the implementation of new regulations, for 
example DORA.  
As a whole the Second Line of Defence seeks to adapt as the 
Group evolves, to support business, maintain compliance, and 
protect and strengthen the Group. 
2.3.2 THIRD LINE OF DEFENCE 
Euronext’s governance includes an Internal Audit department 
(IA) that acts as the third line of defence in Group’s Internal 
Control Framework. In accordance with the Institute of 
Internal Audit (IIA), Internal Audit provides an independent and 
objective assurance on the organisation’s governance, risk 
management and internal control as well as operational 
robustness of processes that is guided by a philosophy of 
adding value to improve the operations of the Euronext 
Group. The objectivity and organisational independence of 
the Internal Audit function is achieved through the Head of 
Internal Audit not performing operational management 
functions and reporting directly to the Chair of the Audit 
Committee and a dotted reporting line to the CEO.
In addition, the IA assists the Group in accomplishing its 
objectives by bringing a systematic and disciplined approach 
to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of the 
organization's governance, risk management, internal control. 
It has a risk-based approach with a specific attention on 
regulations, regulatory requirements as well as any specific 
applicable local laws and regulations. Internal Audit scope is 
to cover the entire Euronext group, which naturally includes 
all recent acquisitions. Its activities are governed by 
adherence to:
■ The Institute of Internal Auditors' mandatory 
guidance including the Definition of Internal Auditing 
and the Core Principles ;
■ The Code of Ethics; 
■ The International Standards for the Professional 
Practice of Internal Auditing (Standards); and 
■ The Definition of Internal Auditing:“Internal auditing 
is an independent, objective assurance and 
consulting activity designed to add value and 
improve an organization's operations. It helps an 
organisation accomplish its objectives by bringing a 
systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and 
improve the effectiveness of risk management, 
control, and governance processes”. This mandatory 
guidance constitutes principles of the fundamental 
requirements for the professional practice of 
internal auditing and for evaluating the 
effectiveness of the internal audit activity's 
performance. The Institute of Internal Auditors' 
Practice Advisories, Practice Guides, and Position 
Papers will also be adhered to as applicable to guide 
operations. 
The IA team is diverse and inclusive, in line with Euronext’s 
principles, composed of 12 permanent auditors in 2023, with 
various background, origin, nationality, ethnicity, age, gender 
etc. and with both business and IT expertise allowing to cover 
all Internal Audit assignments. The team is located in Paris, 
Milan, Porto and Oslo, and performs audit assignments 
covering the entire Euronext Group. When/If necessary, the 
Internal Audit department can be supported by external 
service providers.
In 2023, Internal Audit performed 38 assignments on various 
domains, including information technology, information 
security, ESG, business entities and support functions. 
In 2023, the Audit Universe was also revised to reflect the 
evolution of Euronext's organization. It is mirroring the federal 
model and matrix organization and it is reflecting the 
integration status of the different activities, supporting IA's 
planning efforts in the context of the group structure. The 
2023 Risk Assessment exercise was performed based on this 
new Audit Universe, providing a common global Audit Plan for 
2024 with audit missions covering transversal topics for the 
entire group, audit missions covering a group of entities, and 
other audit missions on specific topic of a specific entity 
either due to a local regulation or to a specific identified local 
risk that requires internal audit attention. 
Risk Management & Control Structure
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 79

Page 82:
Furthermore, Internal Audit has developed an Internal Audit 
Strategy in line with Euronext’s Group growth that considers 
global trends, industry benchmarks and emerging risks such 
as ESG that could impact the organization. The objective of 
the IA strategy is to take into consideration key topics for the 
2024 Audit plan in order to align with the goals and 
expectations of the organisation’s Senior Management. 
Finally, in line with the transformation and digitalisation of the 
Group, the Internal Audit continues its efforts to deploy an 
Internal Audit Tool for its assignments and recommendation 
follow-up as well as to improve the use of data analysis 
methods as part of the execution of the audit assignments. 
Internal Audit has also launched an in-depth review of its 
audit procedures to ensure that they are in continuous 
improvement and updated in line with regulatory changes and 
to ensure greater consistency across the Group.
2 Risk Management & Control Structure
80


Page 83:
 This page has been intentionally left blank
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 81

Page 84:
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
82


Page 85:
3
3.1 Value Creation by Euronext 3.5 Summary of ESG KPIs
Appendix 
3.2 ESG Governance 1)  Taxonomy aligned-economic activities
2)  Summary Social data
3.3 Relevant Standards
3.3.1 ESG ratings
3.3.2 EU Taxonomy
3.3.3 Limited assurance and other standards 
3.4 Euronext's five ESG impact areas and
the Sustainable Development Goals
3.4.1 Our Markets
3.4.2 Our Partners
3.4.3 Our People
3.4.4 Our Society
3.4.5 Our Environment
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 83

Page 86:
3 EMPOWER SUSTAINABLE FINANCE
3.1 Value Creation by Euronext
The purpose of every responsible company is to create 
sustainable value for shareholders and stakeholders. The 
Euronext Value creation model has been developed according 
to the International Integrated Reporting (IIRC) Framework. It 
shows how the company uses the resources, capabilities and 
expertise at its disposal to create value. The model 
transforms the different capital inputs into value outputs and 
impacts that over the short, medium and long-term create 
value for the company, its stakeholders and society at large.
Euronext’s inputs are financial, intellectual, human, social and 
natural. With these inputs Euronext brings value to its 
different stakeholders by connecting local economies to 
global markets, accelerating innovation and sustainable 
growth. Euronext gives companies access to capital either 
through initial public offerings (IPOs), capital increases or 
through the debt route. It allows investors to get returns 
either by way of capital appreciation (growth) or timely 
income (dividends). It facilitates not only domestic 
investments, but also brings in foreign capital which is used 
for further development and growth. It also promotes an 
environment that encourages collaborative work, learning and 
innovation for all its employees. In a more long term 
approach, Euronext has linked its business model with the 
globally agreed Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) on 
which its impact is the most important. 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
84


Page 87:
Long term value for all our stakeholders:
Euronext Ambition, Purpose and Mission
The world is facing significant challenges in ensuring a 
sustainable future for its people and its planet. 
The finance sector is an important contributor to the global 
sustainability agenda and should promote sustainable 
finance, by incorporating environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) factors into investment decision-making, 
and by supporting the allocation of capital to sustainable 
initiatives. 
Every organisation has a unique role to play in the transition 
to a sustainable society, based on its impacts, risks and 
opportunities. With a special position in the financial 
ecosystem, Euronext connects European economies to global 
capital markets, to accelerate innovation and sustainable 
growth, with the ambition to build the leading market 
infrastructure in Europe and the purpose to shape capital 
markets for future generations.
■ Our Ambition: Build the leading market infrastructure 
in Europe.
■ Our Purpose : Shape capital markets for future 
generations.
■ Our Mission: Connect European economies to global 
capital markets, to accelerate innovation and 
sustainable growth.
The strategic plan “Growth for Impact 2024” is built on 
Euronext’s strong focus on ESG, with the priority to empower 
sustainable finance through an ambitious 1.5° climate 
commitment for Euronext that aims to make a tangible 
impact on its partners and clients, and an enhanced inclusive 
people strategy. The sustainability strategy focuses on 
accelerating climate action both in Euronext's operations and 
through the role it plays in empowering sustainable finance 
across all its markets.
Euronext follows its mission by:
■ driving investment in innovative, sustainable 
products and services through secure and 
transparent markets, in continuous collaboration 
with the financial community;
■ inspiring and promoting sustainable tangible 
practices within the company and towards its 
communities, by respecting and developing its 
people and by supporting its ecosystem.
Stakeholder expectations and materiality analysis
In 2018 and 2019, as a first step towards the creation of its 
ESG strategy, Euronext realised a stakeholder consultation to 
identify the ESG related issues that its stakeholders believed 
to be the most important areas of focus and effort for the 
Group. Euronext received feedback through workshops and 
interviews from a wide selection of stakeholders, notably 
investors, analysts and issuers, but also employees and 
regulators, all providing valuable insights.
On the basis of these results, Euronext performed a 
materiality analysis, defining eleven key issues in which 
Euronext could be most impactful, and that influence most 
stakeholder decision-making. These were grouped into 5 
material impact areas, consistent with the Euronext dual ESG 
ambition.  
The stakeholders were invited to prioritise the eleven key 
issues – labelled under the five material impact areas – and 
the results are illustrated in the chart below. Specific KPIs 
have also been defined for each impact area, details of which 
are set out in the sections below, with a summary in section 
3.5 - Summary of ESG KPI.
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 85

Page 88:
Key Issues Material Impact 
Area Drivers of the Mission Fit for 1.5° KPI
■ Organise a trusted, 
fair, transparent and 
efficient market, 
thereby enhancing 
access to capital.
■ Promote and develop 
sustainable and 
innovative products 
and services with 
environmental (green 
and blue) or social 
added value.
Our Markets
Driving investment in 
innovative, sustainable 
products and services 
through secure and 
transparent markets, in 
continous collaboration 
with the financial 
community.
Develop capital market 
solutions for a carbon 
neutral European 
economy. 
■ Number of 
incidents reported 
to the College of 
Regulators.
■ Number of 
operational alerts 
treated internally 
by EMS.
■ Availability of the 
trading platform.
■ Percentage of ESG 
Revenues.
■ Be the spokesperson 
of the sector and 
foster “Issuer-
Investor” dialogue.
■ Maintain an ongoing 
dialogue with multi-
stakeholder 
partnerships.
■ Educate our partners 
on ﬁnancial literacy 
and regulationsx.
Our Partners 
■ Percentage of 
suppliers with SBTi 
set reduction 
targets on Scope 1 
and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions
■ Client satisfaction 
(“NPS”).
■ Develop skills and 
retain talents in an 
open culture of 
dialogue.
■ Promote diversity.
■ Respect human 
rights and local labor 
laws.
Our People 
 Inspiring and promoting 
sustainable tangible 
practices within the 
Company and towards our 
communities, by 
respecting and 
developing our people 
and by supporting our 
ecosystem.
Implement a forward-
looking and outcome-
based approach across all 
its impact areas, 
including human capital, 
community investment 
and governance issues 
that are material to its 
industry with
a view to improving its 
overall ESG ratings 
relative to peers.
■ Diversity at the 
Senior Leadership 
Team.
■ Act ethically, with 
integrity and the 
highest standards in 
terms of good 
governance.
■ Educate and engage 
with our local 
Community.
Our Society 
■ GDPR training 
employees.
■ Personal data 
breaches.
■ Use of the 
Whistleblowing 
process.
■ Reduce our own 
carbon footprint and 
contribute to the 
protection of the 
environment.
Our Environment 
Commit to setting 
science-based 
quantitative climate 
targets by signing the 
“Business Ambition for 
1.5°C”
■ Carbon emission.
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
86


Page 89:
Materiality Matrix 
Euronext's 11 material topics, categorised under the five material impact areas, have been organised on a matrix to visually 
represent the results in terms of their importance to stakeholders and the significance of their ESG impact.
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and Double 
materiality assessment 
In addition, in 2023, Euronext launched a new stakeholder 
engagement initiative to conduct a double materiality 
assessment making use of the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive (CSRD) 1, that entered into force as of 5 
January 2023, and of the final European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ESRS) 2 as adopted by the European 
Commission on 31 July 2023.
As part of the double materiality assessment process, 
Euronext has considered both the impact materiality and 
financial materiality perspectives:
■ Impact materiality reflects the inside-out 
perspective: Euronext’s actual or potential, positive, 
or negative impacts on people and the environment. 
■ Financial materiality reflects the outside-in 
perspective: the potential effects of sustainability-
related risks or opportunities on Euronext’s financial 
position, performance, and cash flows over the 
short-, medium- and long-term. 
The double materiality assessment resulted in the 
identification of 9 material topics for Euronext, which are 
illustrated in the table below. The table is complemented with 
a high-level explanation of the changes in current material 
topics. 
In this context, Euronext considered whether it would be seen 
as a facilitator for certain companies by providing them 
access to capital and financing their activities, and thereby 
enabling the positive or negative ESG impact of these 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 87
1 Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 amending Regulation (EU) No 537/2014, Directive 2004/109/EC, Directive 2006/43/EC and Directive 
2013/34/EU, as regards corporate sustainability reporting (Text with EEA relevance)
2 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2772 of 31 July 2023 supplementing Directive 2013/34/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards sustainability reporting standards

Page 90:
companies. Based on the stakeholder engagement, it has 
been concluded that it was not the case. The core business of 
Euronext is to organise trusted and transparent markets, 
bringing together buyers and sellers. The impact attributable 
to Euronext which is highly regulated would be low since 
Euronext is only providing the infrastructure and Euronext's 
impact on downstream customers is mainly economic. For 
example, Euronext cannot implement stricter requirements 
on ESG for new companies which want to be listed on its 
markets.
The process and outcomes of the double materiality 
assessment have been reviewed and approved by the 
Euronext’s Managing Board.
A process is ongoing to analyse the current gaps to be aligned 
with the CSRD and the ESRS requirements. As such, this 2023 
report has been prepared in accordance with the Non-
Financial Reporting Directive (NFRD). Euronext has 
proactively incorporated certain requirements of the ESRS 
when the data was available. However, Euronext will achieve 
full alignment with the CSRD for the reporting year 2024. 
Material topics NFRD Change in  material topics Material Topics identified 
through the DMA Process
■ Reduce CO2 More broadly defined in line with ESRS, covering climate change 
mitigation, climate change adaptation and  energy.
■ Climate Change (Fit 
for 1.5°)
■ Promote 
diversity 
Additionally, it will incorporate the importance of creating an inclusive 
environment.
■ Diversity and 
Inclusion 
■ Develop skills and 
retain talents in 
an open culture 
of dialogue
While maintaining the main topic, it will be split into various material 
ESRS sub-topics.
■ Working conditions
■ Training and 
Development
■ Trusted markets 
Will no more be included as a separate topic since it’s not considered 
as a sustainability matter as defined under CSRD. However this topic 
can be partially linked with "Corruption  and  Bribery" through the need 
to ensure the security of the markets, which is a material ESRS topic.
■ Corruption and 
Bribery
■ Act Ethically
More broadly defined to promoting ethical behaviour. It recognizes that 
act ethically is not solely dependent on individual actions, but is 
influenced by the overall culture and governance practices within 
Euronext. 
■ Culture and 
Governance 
■ Engage locally
Considering the business activities of Euronext and the definition of 
the ESRS, it has been concluded that local communities are not among 
Euronext's key stakeholders.  Therefore this topic will not be included 
in the  list of material topics.
N/A
■ Ongoing dialogue 
"Ongoing dialogue" was about maintaining a dialogue with multi-
stakeholder partnerships. This can be partially linked with 
management of relationship with suppliers which will be a specific 
material ESRS topic. 
■ Management of 
relationships with 
suppliers
■ Spokesperson
"Be the spokesperson of the sector" and foster “Issuer-Investor” 
dialogue has a link with "Political Engagement", which will be a material 
ESRS sub-topic.
■ Political 
Engagement
■ Sustainable 
products "Sustainable products" will be maintained as a separate entity specific 
topic, and will be combined with the "Educate" topic, as it is about 
educating clients/suppliers/partners on financial literacy.
■ Sustainable 
Products and 
Services, including 
trainings■ Educate
■ Human Rights This topic will be maintained, but split in various material ESRS sub-
topics. 
■ Working conditions 
■ Diversity and 
Inclusion
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
88


Page 91:
3.2 ESG Governance    
Euronext has a two-tier governance structure in accordance 
with Dutch law, composed of a Managing Board and a 
Supervisory Board. The Managing Board is responsible for 
developing and implementing the Company’s strategy, as well 
as assuring the day-to-day operations, and is composed of 
executive directors. The Managing Board is supervised by the 
Supervisory Board composed of non-executive directors, the 
majority of whom is independent, including the Chair. The 
Supervisory Board is responsible for the supervision of the 
policy of the Managing Board and the general course of affairs 
in the company and the business affiliated with it and for 
advising the Managing Board. Key decisions require the 
approval of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board has 
four different committees (nomination and governance, audit, 
risk, and remuneration). Each of them has a role to play in the 
sustainable journey of the group. This is explicitly laid down in 
the charters of the committees.
Both, the Supervisory Board and the Management Board, have 
fully endorsed ESG as core of the "Growth for Impact 2024" 
strategic plan of Euronext.
With the help of the Group Head of ESG, the General Counsel, 
part of the Group’s Extended Managing Board and the 
Executive Committee, is in charge of coordinating ESG at the 
Group level, making sure that all relevant departments 
integrate the ESG objectives into their missions. The General 
Counsel ensures that ESG initiatives, impacts and challenges 
are high on the agenda of the Group’s Managing Board and 
Supervisory Board, and that the company reports on ESG 
related topics in a transparent way. In 2023, members of the 
Supervisory Board have been regularly trained on ESG topics, 
including diversity and inclusion and sustainable long-term 
value creation, to make sure they understand and embrace 
these new challenges, as well as the consequences of the 
ongoing climate crisis.
A strong dedicated governance, structured around the five 
material impact areas described above and headed by the 
Group Head of ESG, ensures suitable coverage of all priority 
topics.
Moreover, a dedicated project governance has been put in 
place for the Environmental pillar, to mobilize all the internal 
actors and facilitate the implementation of an integrated 
approach to ensure that the carbon reduction targets are 
reached.
Additionally, a dedicated project governance has been 
established to ensure a sustainable value chain. This involves 
engaging internal stakeholders from various departments, 
including procurement, ESG, legal, and communication. The 
primary objective is to strengthen supplier engagement and 
foster a solid commitment to sustainability. Furthermore, this 
initiative aligns with the attainment of Euronext’s SBTi targets 
especially the one related to supplier engagement.
Finally, all ESG initiatives are captured by the Transformation 
Office, which monitors the progress of the whole strategic 
plan of the Group, reports regularly on these progresses to the 
Managing Board and the Supervisory Board and, in this 
context, has regular update meetings with the Group Head of 
ESG. All significant new ESG related projects are submitted for 
approval to the Managing Board. 
For more information on the role of the Supervisory Board and 
the Managing Board, please refer to sections  4.2.2 - 
Supervisory Board and 4.2.3 - Managing Board  of this Universal 
Registration Document.
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 89

Page 92:
3.3 Relevant ratings and standards
Scope
Unless specified otherwise in section 3.5., Euronext aims to include all the entities that are in the scope for financial information in 
this chapter 3.
3.3.1. ESG ratings
Euronext recognizes the critical role of ESG rating agencies in 
providing accurate and transparent information to the 
market, and considers the engagement with these actors as a 
central element of its ESG strategy.
Euronext monitors the ESG ratings very closely and conducts 
gap analysis regularly on scores to identify areas of 
development. Euronext’s ESG scores improved across 
multiples rating agencies in 2023, reflecting the Group's 
commitment to provide its stakeholders with timely and 
transparent ESG reporting. An excellent example of this 
progress is the transition from a D rating to a B rating in CDP, 
also highlighting the significance that Euronext places on 
addressing climate-related issues.
Rating Agency Scale 2023 2022 2021
MSCI From AAA (top) to CCC A A A
Sustainalytics From 0 (top) to 40+ 15.4 18.7 15.3
S&P Out of 100 (top) 56 49 47
CDP From A (top) to F B D D
CDP SER* From A (top) to F A- C C-
Moody's ESG Out of 100 (top) 57 52 49
ISS From A+ (top) to D- C C- C-
*Supplier Engagement Rating
3.3.2. EU Taxonomy 
Since 2021, the EU Taxonomy on Sustainable Economic 
Activities applies to Euronext, which includes mandatory 
disclosures according to article 8 of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation3. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is intended to 
serve as a standardised and mandatory classification system 
to determine which economic activities are considered as 
‘environmentally sustainable’.
An economic activity is considered Taxonomy eligible if it is 
described in the Taxonomy Delegated Acts, irrespective of 
whether that activity meets any or all of the technical 
screening criteria laid down in the Delegated Acts. An eligible 
activity becomes taxonomy-aligned when it meets all of the 
following three criteria:
■ Substantially contribute to one of the six 
environmental objectives in line with the Technical 
Screening Criteria (TSC).
■ Do-no-significant-harm (DNSH) in relation to the 
other environmental objectives
■ Comply with Minimum social safeguards (MSS) as 
described in the Taxonomy Regulation.
The six environmental objectives of the Taxonomy are:
■ climate change mitigation,
■ climate change adaptation,
■ sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources,
■ transition to a circular economy,
■ pollution prevention and control,
■ protection and restoration of biodiversity and 
ecosystems.
The Technical Screening Criteria define the specific 
requirements and thresholds for an activity to be considered 
as significantly contributing to a sustainability objective. 
These TSCs are being elaborated in secondary legislation 
called Delegated Acts (DAs), more specifically the Climate 
Delegated Act 4, the Complementary Climate Delegated Act 5 
and the Environmental Delegated Act6.
The Climate Delegated Act covers the EU Taxonomy criteria 
for economic activities making substantial contribution to the 
climate objectives, i.e. climate change mitigation and climate 
change adaption objectives and the Environmental Delegated 
Act includes the EU Taxonomy criteria for economic activities 
making a substantial contribution to the non-climate 
environmental objectives, namely: sustainable use and 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
90
3 Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088, supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178.
4 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by establishing the technical screening 
criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining 
whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives.
5 3	Commission	Delegated	Regulation	(EU)	2022/1214	of	9	March	2022	amending	Delegated	Regulation	(EU)	2021/2139	as	regards	economic	activities	in	certain	energy	sectors	and	Delegated	Regulation	(EU)	
2021/2178	as	regards	specific	public	disclosures	for	those	economic	activities
6 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of 27 June 2023 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by establishing the technical screening 
criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, to the transition 
to a circular economy, to pollution prevention and control, or to the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems and for determining whether that economic activity causes no 
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives and amending Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities.

Page 93:
protection of water and marine resources, transition to a 
circular economy, pollution prevention and control and 
protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.
The Complementary Climate Delegated Act includes, under 
strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities. 
Since Euronext does not engage in nuclear activities, this 
Delegated Act is not further considered.
Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation requires certain 
companies including Euronext to include in their consolidated 
non-financial statement information on how and to what 
extent their activities are eligible and aligned with economic 
activities that qualify as environmentally sustainable this 
Regulation, in particular, (a) the proportion of their turnover 
derived from products or services associated with economic 
activities that qualify as environmentally sustainable; and (b) 
the proportion of their capital expenditure (CapEx) and the 
proportion of their operating expenditure (OpEx).
Based on the review of the Climate and Environmental 
Delegated acts, Euronext concluded that for 2023, none of its 
turnover-generating activities can be identified as eligible. As 
a result, and similar to the previous years, Euronext’ core 
activities are not within the scope of these delegated acts 
and consequently none of Euronext ' turnover were eligible to 
the EU Taxonomy. The exercise has been done for operational 
expenditure as well and Euronext did not identify any of its 
OpEx as being nor eligible, nor aligned to the Taxonomy.
On the contrary, Euronext did identify eligible capital 
expenditures that could be aligned for the objective of 
climate change mitigation.
See the 2023 figures in the table below compared to the 
previous years (more details in Appendix 1). The figures were 
determined in accordance with the requirements of Annex I to 
the Disclosures Delegated Act, supplementing Article 8 of the 
Taxonomy Regulation. Double counting in the allocation in the 
numerator of turnover, CapEx, and OpEx KPIs across 
economic activities is avoided by using unique identifiers for 
the different activities. Moreover, Euronext has not identified 
economic activities that substantially contribute to several 
objectives. Detailed standard forms can be found in the 
appendix of the ESG section.
Disclosure 2023
Article 8 indicators Turnover CapEx OpEx
Eligible 0.00%  0.13 % 0.00%
Aligned 0.00%  0.04 % 0.00%
Non Aligned 0.00%  0.09 % 0.00%
Non Eligible 100.00%  99.87 % 100.00%
Total 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
Disclosure 2022
Article 8 indicators Turnover CapEx OpEx
Eligible 0.00%  7.87 % 0.00%
Aligned 0.00%  0.22 % 0.00%
Non Aligned 0.00%  7.65 % 0.00%
Non Eligible 100.00%  92.13 % 100.00%
Total 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
Disclosure 2021
Article 8 indicators Turnover CapEx OpEx
Eligible 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%
Aligned 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%
Non Aligned 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%
Non Eligible 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
Total 100.00% 100.00% 100.00%
Similar to the previous two years, no eligible turnover or OpEx 
was defined. Regarding the CapEx, Euronext's eligible CapEx 
decreased compared to the prior year due to business-related 
factors. Specifically, this decrease can be attributed to the 
comprehensive remodelling of the complete Oslo Børs 
building in 2022, while in 2023, only minor renovation works 
were undertaken at some of the Euronext offices.
Turnover
The proportion of eligible economic activities is determined 
by dividing the net turnover derived from products or 
services, including intangibles, associated with Taxonomy-
aligned economic activities (numerator), by the net total 
turnover (denominator) as defined in Article 2, point (5), of 
Directive 2013/34/EU. The net total turnover International 
Accounting Standard (IAS) 1, paragraph 82(a), as adopted by 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 1126/2008 (1). For further 
details see section 8.1 ‘Consolidated Statement of Profit or 
Loss’ of this Universal Registration Document.
Euronext has reviewed the application of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation to its activities taking into account the list of the 
economic activities of the Climate and the Environmental 
Delegated Acts and came to the conclusion that Euronext has 
no eligible turnover under the Taxonomy Regulation. For a full 
list of Euronext's activities, please see section 7.1.3 - Sources 
of revenue of this Universal Registration Document.
Those activities are not explicitly listed in the economic 
activities and provisions of the delegated act. Euronext 
therefore limited its analysis to the following economic 
activity: “Data processing, hosting and related activities” (8.1) 
and came to the conclusion that Euronext has no eligible 
turnover under the Taxonomy Regulation.
Capital expenditure 
Euronext calculated the proportion of qualifying capital 
expenses by comparing its capital expenses with the 
economic activities defined in the different Annexes to the 
Climate and Environmental Delegated Acts. Investment 
expenses are all additions to tangible and intangible assets 
(see Chapter 8, Note 16, table ‘Property, Plant and 
Equipment’ (row "Additions”), Note 17, table 'Leases' (row 
"Additions") and Note 18, table ‘Goodwill and other intangible 
assets’ (row "Additions") of this Universal Registration 
Document) without depreciation, amortisation, without 
remeasurement and changes to fair value. Goodwill is also not 
included in the calculation of taxonomy-aligned capital 
expenditure as it is not an intangible asset according to IAS 
38. 
The CapEx for 2022 was recalculated to include leases 
according to IFRS 16, aligning with the Disclosure Delegated 
Act specifications. The corrected KPIs are included in the 
t a b l e s  p r e s e n t e d  i n  t h i s  r e p o r t .    
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 91

Page 94:
Euronext considers capital expenditure to be eligible if the 
output comes from an eligible economic activity. Euronext 
does not have a CapEx investment plan in place.
Euronext has identified and analysed the following economic 
activities in the Climate and Environmental delegated acts 
that could potentially give rise to aligned investment 
expenses:
■ Installation, maintenance and repair of energy 
efficiency equipment (7.3)
■ Installation, maintenance and repair of technologies 
for renewable energy technologies (7.6)
7.3 Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency 
equipment
In 2023, a few small renovation works took place at Euronext’s 
buildings to make them more energy efficient.
The first renovation work involved replacing the lights in the 
Milan and Rome offices with LED lighting. Additionally, in the 
historical Amsterdam building, the windows were upgraded to 
more energy-efficient ones, featuring HR++ glass. The 
installation of energy light sources, and the replacement of 
existing windows with new energy efficient windows 
represent an eligible CapEx of € 65,602 and € 50,000 
respectively.
Euronext concluded that these costs cannot yet be reported 
as Taxonomy aligned, because Euronext has not yet been able 
to substantiate all technical screening criteria. 
7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of 
technologies for renewable energy technologies
In addition, the heat pump, which was installed in 2022 in the 
historical Amsterdam building to decrease natural gas 
consumption, was updated in 2023, representing a capital 
expenditure of € 50,860.
Similar to the CapEx related to the installation of the heat 
pump last year, the CapEx related to the update has been 
considered aligned with EU Taxonomy, as it qualifies as 
contributing substantially to climate change mitigation, 
according to the technical screening criteria and does no 
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives 
(‘DNSH’).
Operating expenditure 
In compliance with the Disclosure Delegated Act, Operational 
Expenditures (OpEx) must be calculated by assessing all 
direct non-capitalized costs related to research and 
development, building renovation measures, short-term 
leases, maintenance and repair, as well as other direct 
expenditures necessary for the day-to-day servicing of 
property, plant, and equipment assets. This assessment is 
then compared with the economic activities defined in the 
various Annexes to the Climate and Environmental Delegated 
Acts.
This definition for OpEx lacks precise parameters and poses 
challenges in accurately determining and tracing it, deviating 
from conventional OpEx calculation methodologies and 
presenting inherent complexities
Euronext has encountered significant hurdles in precisely 
calculating Total OpEx as stipulated by the Disclosure 
Delegated Act, thereby risking the inadvertent omission of 
certain fields. Consequently, this year, it was decided to 
incorporate total traditional OpEx figures, prioritizing 
operational prudence over strict adherence to the Disclosure 
Delegated Act methodology for OpEx. Nevertheless, Euronext 
is committed to regulatory compliance and transparency, and 
is actively endeavouring to fortify its financial processes to 
ensure enhanced alignment with regulatory standards in 
subsequent reporting periods.
Regarding eligibility, OpEx is considered eligible if the output 
comes from an OpEx eligible economic activity. For the 
reporting year, Euronext has identified no economic activities 
in the Climate and Environmental delegated acts that could 
potentially give rise to eligible operational expenses.
For comprehensive insights into OpEx, please refer to 
Chapter 8, specifically Notes 9, 10, and 11, of Euronext's 
Universal Registration Document
Minimum social safeguards
Euronext has assessed its compliance with the minimum 
social safeguards mandated by the EU Taxonomy, focusing on 
human rights, anti-bribery, fair competition, and taxation. 
Euronext has achieved the necessary minimum safeguards. 
The Group's policies, aligned with Article 18 of the EU 
Taxonomy regulation, encompass relevant aspects of 
business conduct related to these issues and can be found on 
its website. The assessment has provided Euronext with a 
solid basis to confirm that the company meets the criteria for 
minimum social safeguards.
3.3.3. Limited assurance and other standards
Limited assurance
Review and external limited assurance by an independent 
auditor
In addition to the audit on financial statements, Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP (EY) has reviewed certain non-financial 
information in section 3.5. of the Universal Registration 
Document with a limited level of assurance in accordance 
with the Dutch law, including the Dutch Standard 3000A 
‘’Assurance-opdrachten anders dan opdrachten tot controle 
of beoordeling van historische financiële informatie (attest-
opdrachten)’’ (Assurance engagements other than audits or 
reviews of historical financial information (attestation 
engagements)). EY’s assurance report can be found in  section 
9.3 - Assurance Report of the of the independent auditor on 
selected non-financial information of this Universal 
Registration Document.
European Directive 2014/95/EU dated 22 October 2014
A 2023 reference table with the European directive is 
available in the investor relations section on the Euronext 
website.
UN Global Compact
Euronext is signatory to the UN Global Contact since 2020 and 
has provided its Communication On Progress (COP) as 
requested on the 4th May 2023.
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
92


Page 95:
GRI Standards  
A 2023 GRI Index is available in the investor relations section 
of the Euronext website. This report has been prepared in 
accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
The SASB Standards                                                                                                     
The SASB Standards require stock exchanges to be 
transparent on a number of information, including the number 
of significant market disruptions and duration of downtime, 
and a description of the alert policy regarding timing and 
nature of public release of information. Moreover, they 
request to describe the policy to encourage or require listed 
companies to publicly disclose ESG information and to report 
on number of data breaches, the percentage involving 
personally identifiable information (PII), and the number of 
customers affected.
The SASB logo will be displayed in this document when the 
information complies with the SASB Standards for the 
Security & Commodity Exchanges industry.
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(“TCFD”) 
The Euronext TCFD Report Index is available on the Euronext 
website.
Sustainable development Goals  
Euronext has identified 8 Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) that are the most relevant per impact area:
3.4 Euronext’s five ESG impact areas and the 
sustainable development goals
In this section, Euronext provides an overview of the progress made in 2023 against the 11 key ESG issues, supporting Euronext's 5 
material impact areas.
3.4.1.Our Markets
Key Issues:
■ Organise a trusted, fair, transparent and efficient market, thereby enhancing access to capital
■ Promote and develop sustainable and innovative products and services with environmental (green and blue) or social added 
value
KPI:
■ 1: Number of incidents reported to the College of regulators
■ 2: Number of operational alerts treated internally by EMS
■ 3: Availability of the trading platform
■ 4: Percentage of ESG revenues
New material topics making use of the CSRD: 
In its recent double materiality assessment (see Section 3.1. - Value creation by Euronext), Euronext has identified Corruption and 
Bribery and Sustainable Products and Services, including trainings, as material ESG topics. Reporting in line with the new material 
topics will occur in 2024, when Euronext is to be  aligned with the CSRD. 
3.4.1.1 Trusted, fair, transparent and orderly markets
As an operator of regulated markets, Euronext’s mission is to 
bring together buyers and sellers in trading venues that are 
transparent, efficient and reliable.
To this end, Euronext:
■ Adopts rules for each of its markets to ensure fair 
and orderly trading and efficient order execution;
■ Sets up a framework to organise market monitoring 
by which it oversees trading in order to identify 
potential breaches of the rules, disorderly trading 
conditions or conduct that may involve market 
abuse;
■ Offers state of the art, reliable, scalable and resilient 
technology with a large range of functionalities to 
market participants to allow trading even in times of 
high volumes. A particular attention is paid at 
cybersecurity and data protection;
■ Reports breaches of rules or of legal obligations 
relating to market integrity to the competent 
authority. Market surveillance and monitoring are 
implemented through a two-step process consisting 
of real-time market surveillance and post-trade (i.e., 
“next day”) analysis of executed trades. Euronext 
ensures member compliance with its rules by 
conducting on-site investigations and inspections;
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 93

Page 96:
■ Invests in technology aiming to improve its 
monitoring.
Part of Euronext’s role in maintaining trusted, fair and orderly 
markets includes ensuring the security of those markets. The 
growth in the digitalisation of the finance industry over the 
last years has revolutionised the sector. This transformation 
means that an increasing number of financial services are 
becoming available to more and more people at an ever 
increasing pace. Euronext has grown and continues to thrive 
with these changes via increased volumes and processing 
power enabling the Group to grow in complexity and size. With 
increased complexity, size and access come potential cyber 
security risks. Euronext has, through cyber security 
governance and management, implemented a programme 
that guarantees the necessary security controls in place in 
order to protect its markets from unwanted activity.
Euronext management has a strong commitment to 
upholding the security of the group. Management oversees 
the information security/cybersecurity strategy and review 
process as well as annual plans, ensuring that the programme 
stays current with the evolving environment and to avoid and 
treat potential negative impacts to Euronext. For further 
information of cybersecurity risks please refer to section  2.1 - 
Risk Factors of this Universal Registration Document.
In order to monitor the effectiveness of its markets, Euronext 
has put in place the following KPIs:
■ Number of serious incidents (severity 1 and 2) on the 
regulated markets reported to the College of 
Regulators;
■ Number of operational alerts treated internally by 
EMS: Euronext has an alerting mechanisms in place;
■ Availability of the Optiq® platform.
These KPIs are described in more detail below:
Number of serious incidents  (severity 1 and 2) on the 
regulated markets reported to the College of Regulators (KPI 
n°1): 
The Euronext Market Services (EMS) team, also the front line 
to ensure fair and orderly markets for all Cash, Derivatives and 
Commodities products, including Corporate Actions, 
Euronext Indices, Euronext Market Data, Member on boarding 
and Hosted Commercial Markets.  In this context, the EMS 
team has the ownership of the serious incidents process and 
ensures that it is fully assessed, graded and efficiently 
managed. 
The objectives of the Serious Incident Process are to: 
■ Facilitate restoration of normal service operations 
as quickly as possible, and minimise the adverse 
impact on business operations, thus ensuring that 
the best possible levels of service quality and 
availability are maintained; 
■ Ensure that serious incident management and 
resolution is performed in an effective and 
controlled manner in compliance with best practices 
and the organisation’s internal and external rules and 
regulations; 
■ Ensure all customers, clearing houses and 
regulators are alerted in a timely manner on the 
market status and are kept informed during the 
incident; 
■ Ensure that all relevant stakeholders within EMS and 
IT are directly updated on the status of recovery 
activities until service is fully restored; 
■ Ensure that all relevant stakeholders within EMS and 
IT are informed of the outcomes of post-incident 
investigations and the actions being taken to avoid a 
recurrence.
This KPI covers all the markets operated on the Optiq ® trading 
platform, including Borsa Italiana from the date of the 
migration of the Italian markets on the Optiq® platform. This 
migration has taken place in different steps: 
■ The migration of Equities and ETF in March 2023, so 
the scope of KPIs after March 2023 includes Borsa 
Italiana in those two segments of Optiq®;
■ The migration of Warrants and Fixed Income in 
September 2023, so the scope of KPIs after 
September includes BITA in 4 different segments of 
Optiq®.
The number of incidents reported to the College of regulators 
in 2023 is 5, including 1 of Severity 1.
2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Serious Incidents 
reported to the College of 
Regulators
5 7 6 14 11
Number of operational alerts  treated internally by EMS: 
Euronext has an alerting mechanism in place  (KPI n°2):
The EMS team has also access to all relevant EMS Cash and 
Derivatives business and technical monitoring tools and 
operates daily from 06:30-22:30 CET.
The alerts are triggered real-time and help the operational 
teams of EMS to secure a smooth running of the markets.  
The type or the scope of alerts may change over time. 
On the Euronext regulated cash markets, 52,936 alerts were 
treated by EMS compared to 59,719 in 2022, 47,995 in 2021 and 
99,409 in 2020. Euronext observed a decrease of 11%. Overall, 
the result is in line with recent years.
This KPI covers all the markets operated on the Optiq® trading 
platform, including Borsa Italiana from the date of the 
migration of the Italian cash markets on the Optiq® platform.  
The  number of alerts on the Italian cash markets subsequent 
to the migrations on the Optiq platform is 38,974.  The 
migration of the cash market has taken place in different 
steps (see above for further details). 
On the Euronext regulated derivatives markets, 185,677 alerts 
were treated by EMS in 2023, compared to 505,522 in 2022, 
458,626 in 2021, and 1,195,733 in 2020. Euronext observed a 
decrease of 63% which is in line with the market activity and 
the market volatility. The EMS team has also successfully 
reduced the number of false positive alerts by reducing the 
number of alerts for situations where no action was required. 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
94


Page 97:
For the previous years, the increase in volatility, as the result 
of the conflict in Ukraine and the Covid situation, had a 
significant upwards impact. The KPI does not cover the Italian 
derivatives markets since this market has not migrated yet on 
the Optiq® platform. 
Number of 
operational 
alerts
2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Euronext cash 
regulated 
markets
 52,936  59,719  47,995  99,409  44,046 
Borsa Italiana 
cash regulated 
markets
 38,974 NA NA NA NA
Euronext 
derivatives 
regulated 
markets
 185,677  505,522  458,626  1,195,733  427,535 
Availability of the Optiq® trading platform (KPI n°3):
 
In 2023, the availability was 99.98 % for cash markets and 100 
% for derivatives markets.
This KPI covers as well all the markets operated on the Optiq ® 
trading platform, including Borsa Italiana from the date of the 
migration of the Italian cash markets on the Optiq® platform.
Availability of 
Optiq® 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Cash regulated 
markets (%) 99.98 100.00 99.99 99.84 100.00
Derivatives 
regulated markets 
(%)
100.00 99.98 99.94 99.90 99.95
3.4.1.2 Promote and develop sustainable and 
innovative products and services with environmental 
(green and blue) or social added value
With its strategic plan “Growth for Impact 2024”, Euronext is 
focussing on accelerating climate action to accelerate the 
transition to a European economy aligned with a 1.5° 
trajectory. This will help drive investments towards 
decarbonised assets and support Euronext’s clients on their 
ESG journey.  A key part of this strategy is to expand the 
Group's ESG business and continue its growth in this area. 
ESG revenues
The EU Taxonomy does not apply directly to Euronext's 
activities and it is not therefore the best framework for 
classifying its products and services as sustainable. Euronext 
therefore worked on its own definition of ESG revenues and 
does measure the ESG revenue according to this definition, 
which is described in more detail in Section 3.5.- Summary of 
ESG KPI’s.
In order to assess the growth of its ESG business, Euronext 
has put a specific KPI in place which consists of calculating 
the percentage of revenues attached to those ESG products 
and services, compared to its overall revenues (KPI n°4), with 
a clear ambition to increase that KPI. 
After further analysis, the scope of the KPI has been extended 
compared to 2022, and now also includes the revenues 
generated from the initiative “Sustainable finance 
partnership” for which partners are provided with the «Borsa 
Italiana – Sustainable Finance Partner» Label (see section 3.5 
for a full list of ESG products and services). Figures of 2022 
have been reviewed with the same scope as for 2023, 
resulting in a non-material adjustment.
Even if the 2023 percentage remains stable, ESG revenues 
have increased from €65.4 million to €69.9 million, i.e. by 
+6.9% compared to a +3.9% increase in overall revenues.
 For 2023, this percentage is 4.7%.
2023 2022 2021
Total ESG Revenues (€k)  69,874  65,390  59,352 
Total Revenues (€k)  1,474,706  1,418,809  1,298,655 
% of Total ESG Revenues 
on Total Revenues
 4.7 %  4.6 %  4.6 %
Description of Euronext’s offer of ESG products and services
A. ESG products
A.1. Sustainable Indices 
Euronext ESG Indices are designed to support common 
approaches to environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
investing. They are based on fully transparent and rules-
based selection process whose methodologies measures risk 
and performance across a variety of ESG areas.
In 2023, Euronext launched 18 new ESG indices, including the 
CAC 40 SBT 1.5, the Eurozone SBT 1.5, the Europe SBT 1.5, the 
Biodiversity Enablers world, and the Biodiversity screened 
world. At the end of the year, there were more than 300 listed 
structured products for the French market alone linked to 
Euronext ESG indices. These had a combined assets under 
management of almost €9 billion7. 
Moreover, Euronext is one of the leading ESG index providers 
in Europe for structured products since 2019, according to 
the independent SRP database.
Euronext will continue to extend over 2024 its ESG index 
offering together with its partners.
A.2. ESG Exchange-traded funds (ETF) accessible on the 
Euronext markets
ESG Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) represent a significant 
stride in the asset management world. As such, ESG ETFs, are 
rapidly gaining popularity, reflecting a broader shift in the 
investment community towards sustainability and corporate 
responsibility. 
Currently there are 1,011 ESG-related ETFs available on 
Euronext markets, complying with the EU’s Sustainable 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 95
7 Based on sales volumes in the SRP database

Page 98:
Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), whereof 892 fall under 
art. 8 of the SFDR and 119 under art. 9. 
159 new ESG ETFs were listed on Euronext markets in 2023 
across 195 separate listings.
Euronext SFDR categorisation under SFDR for ETF is available 
on the Euronext website from January 2023. It provides 
analytics and statistics to all interested parties.
A.3. ESG investment funds accessible on Euronext
Sustainable Investing is an important theme in Euronext’s 
investment funds market. In 2023, 12 additional sustainable 
fund securities were listed on Euronext.
There are currently 125 ESG-related investment funds listed 
and traded on Euronext, and 90% of them are ESG investment 
funds: 113 funds among which 80 are “SFDR-article 8” and 45 
are “SFDR-article 9”.
A.4. Euronext ESG Bond footprint and platform initiative
Euronext is the leading venue for ESG bonds, with more than 
2,200 green, social, sustainability and sustainability-linked 
bond listed and admitted to trading on its markets, from 500+ 
issuers and accounting for more than  1.3 trillion euros. 
In 2023, debt capital markets recovered from a 2022 bleak 
year. Higher issuance volumes were generated by European 
corporates, benefiting Euronext.
Sustainable bonds also enjoyed a strong revival, with the 
Euronext ESG Bond Platform welcoming 71 new ESG issuers. 
Close to 500 ESG bonds were listed on the platform in 2023, 
compared to 400 in 2022. Euronext is now the world leading 
venue for the listing of ESG bonds.
Euronext is committed to give more visibility to its ESG Bonds 
issuers and to participate in the development of the overall 
sustainable bond market. It did so by publishing 4 ESG Bond 
Barometers, with 8 interviews with green leaders.
The best-in-class section of SBTi climate-aligned ESG bond 
issuers is also very active and has been extended to 
companies with a validated Net Zero pathway (in addition to 
companies having a validated 1.5° pathway). 16 companies 
joined this section in 2023.
Finally, Euronext organized, in September, five inaugural DCM 
committees in Dublin, Paris, Oslo, Amsterdam and Brussels, 
gathering industry experts, to discuss ESG trends and topics.
A.5. ESG derivatives 
Euronext launched in 2022 a future on the CAC 40 ESG Index 
to support the development of responsible investments, and 
expansion of its ESG derivatives offering. 
This launch aims for the ongoing reallocation of assets from 
the CAC 40 index to its ESG version, by enabling market 
participants to manage and hedge ESG portfolios efficiently 
and in compliance with ESG principles, and to lower the cost 
of trading.
B. Equity initiatives
B.1. Educational resources
Euronext is committed to encourage the incorporation of ESG 
factors into investment decision-making and supports equity 
issuers in their ESG journey. Such commitment is  
materialised in the ESG Reporting Guide which is designed to 
help listed companies understand how to address ESG issues 
in their interactions with investors and the wider ESG 
community, and the main principles to consider when 
preparing an ESG report.
In 2023, Euronext published a new guide targeted at pre-IPO 
companies, in collaboration with the Paris Institute for 
Sustainable Finance. It provides a set of recommendations on 
best practices for ESG during the IPO process, as well as an 
overview of investor expectations on corporates’ ESG 
maturity.
Euronext also announced the strengthening of the ESG 
contents in its educational pre-IPO programme IPOready. 
B.2. European Sustainability Week 
From 4 to 8 September 2023, Euronext organised its first 
Euronext Sustainability Week, an entire week of activities 
dedicated to sustainable finance. Originally launched as 
Italian Sustainability Week in 2017, Euronext has expanded 
this successful concept to encompass all its geographies 
across Europe. Around 40 external and internal events, 
combining conferences, workshops, and webinars, were held 
over five days, from nine different geographies across Europe 
and targeting corporate and investors audiences, to foster 
sustainable finance.
The event aims to provide a concrete response to the need of 
issuers and investors to benefit from educational moments 
and dialogue. Companies attending the event have the 
opportunity to discuss with domestic and international 
institutional investors about their sustainability strategies 
through one-to-one meetings.
B.3. Launch of My ESG Profile
With the launch of My ESG Profile, Euronext has become the 
first stock exchange to make the ESG data of its issuers 
available in a standardized format on its website. In November 
2023, Euronext published close to 1,900 company ESG 
profiles containing over 60,000 data points on Euronext Live. 
Data is collected and validated by a specialised data partner 
directly from issuers’ annual reports based on a list of thirty 
quantitative indicators sourced from key European 
regulations. The objective of My ESG Profile is to support the 
transition to a sustainable economy, by providing listed 
companies with a digital tool they can use to centralise 
relevant ESG information, showcasing their sustainability 
efforts to the market, while facilitating investors’ access to 
this key data to inform their sustainable investment 
decisions.
The launch of this service marks an important milestone in 
Euronext’s ambition to provide concrete tools and guidance 
on ESG to all its listed companies, while facilitating investor-
issuer dialogue on ESG matters.
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
96
ESG ETF Listings
Borsa Italiana Euronext 'Legacy'
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
0
50
100
150
200
250

Page 99:
C. ELITE network
ELITE is an international network of SMEs that connects 
companies with diverse sources of capital to drive their 
growth. Sustainability and Corporate Governance are two of 
the pillars on which companies can get access to training, 
guidelines, recognition of achievements and a pool of 
partners/advisors to execute development projects. In 
particular, the ELITE membership includes:
■ Training modules and vertical workshops on 
Corporate Governance: how to build a Board of 
Directors in SMEs; the role of Corporate Governance 
in strategic management and the relationship 
between owners and management.
■ Guidelines on Corporate Governance on the best 
practices in order to achieve long term success for 
their stakeholders and Governance Certificate that 
is recognised to those companies in line with 
industry standards. 
■ International workshops on Sustainability as an 
occasion to connect with experts and top decision 
makers from EU institutions, academics, large 
corporates and industry advisors.
■ Company assessment on Sustainability with specific 
focus on voluntary SMEs sustainability reporting and 
introduction to partners to support on sustainability 
projects.
D. Corporate Services 
Corporate Services is a fully-owned subsidiary of the 
Euronext Group helping listed companies to make the most 
effective use of capital markets and supporting organisations 
with innovative solutions and tailor-made advisory services in 
Governance (iBabs), Compliance (ComplyLog), 
Communication (Company Webcast) and Investor Relations 
(Advisory and IR Solutions). Corporate Services already serves 
more than 4,800 clients in over 30 countries, of which 1,000+ 
are listed companies.
■ iBabs enables a significant reduction of paper 
consumption through paperless and digital meetings 
management solutions which supports the adoption 
of best practices in terms of good Corporate 
Governance and enables a more collaborative, 
secured, efficient and informed decision-making 
process within Board of Directors and Executive 
Committees.
■ IntegrityLog helps companies to ensure a 
transparent and ethical governance through a 
dedicated whistleblowing tool.
■ InsiderLog automates the management of inside 
information and insider lists for both issuers and 
their professional advisors and therefore 
compliance with EU Market Abuse Regulation (MAR). 
■ Company Webcast, market leader in webcast and 
webinar solutions, reduces the negative 
environmental impacts of transportation through 
remote and digital conferences, while making sure 
that companies deliver regular communication.
■ Advisory and investor relations (IR) Solutions, 
supports listed companies to meet ESG 
requirements in a context of increasing compliance 
and transparency requirement, growing involvement 
of shareholders in Corporate Governance, and 
pressure from rating agencies on companies. This 
support consists in several offers, namely:
■ The "Shareholder Analysis" offer allows 
issuers to have a clearer understanding of 
the shareholding structure, proactive 
communication and rationalised targeting 
of investors.
■ “ESG Advisory” assists companies in 
understanding of investors’ expectations 
and in building a comprehensive tailor-
made ESG strategy by evaluating non-
financial issues, providing ESG perception 
studies, prioritising and collecting data to 
engage with investors. Through 
commercial partnerships, "ESG Advisory" 
offer comes with (i) a reporting solution to 
facilitate the collection, reliability, 
consolidation and analysis of corporate 
ESG data and (ii) governance analytics and 
board assessments.
E. Post trade activities                                   
E.1. Shareholders register service
Euronext Securities offer Shareholder Register Services that 
provide insight on companies' shareholders. They have a 
range of solutions, including daily updated digital shareholder 
registers in Norway and Denmark, periodically updated 
shareholder registers in Italy, and shareholder identification 
solutions in Portugal, that is provided to issuers. These 
services help companies identify shareholders, enabling them 
to engage with and support their ESG goals.  
E.2.  General Meetings Services
Euronext Securities General Meeting Services are tailored to 
support the ESG goals of the clients. This include a significant 
component, the Virtual General Meetings (VGM), which allows 
shareholders to participate in general meetings remotely.  
This feature not only diminishes the necessity for travel, 
reducing the associated carbon footprint, but also enhances 
shareholder accessibility and engagement. In addition to 
VGM, Euronext Securities offers a range of solutions to 
digitize various processes involved in general meetings.  
These solutions help in cutting down the consumption of 
paper and other resources, aligning with sustainable 
practices. By offering and investing in both virtual and 
traditional general meeting services, Euronext Securities 
demonstrates a comprehensive commitment to supporting 
the ESG objectives of their clients.
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 97

Page 100:
3.4.1.3 Reporting "Our Markets" against the SDGs
                       
SDG Targets Quantitative results Qualitative achievements
Build resilient infrastructure, 
promote inclusive and 
sustainable industrialization, and 
foster innovation.
As a stock exchange Euronext 
can contribute to the increase of 
access of small-scale industrial 
and other enterprises, to financial 
services.
Elite 
New companies who joined ELITE in 
2023: +157 across Europe. 
Total number of events:  43 training 
and workshop events for a total 
cumulated of 64 days of duration - of 
which 12 full days on ESG related 
topics (governance, DE&I, 
sustainability) and  8 online webinars. 
Euronext securities
Number of General meetings that 
were supported by Euronext: 
■ Norway: 325 (299 in 2022) ;
■ Denmark:273 (200+ in 
2022);
■ Italy: 257 (242 in 2022).
Elite 
All companies access to a specific and mandatory 
module entirely dedicated to Corporate Governance. 
ESG Indices 
■ First Euronext Employment indices with the 
Euronext French Employment 40 which 
selects the 40 companies from the SBF 120 
with the highest Humpact score. 
■ First Euronext Gender Equality indices 
launched, in partnership with Equileap. The 
Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40 
and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality 
Eurozone 100.
Ensure sustainable consumption 
and production patterns.
ESG indices, derivatives and ETFs 
create a use-case for ESG 
information and an incentive for 
issuers to improve their ESG 
practices: Euronext's ESG 
guidance disseminates ESG 
disclosure best practice. By 
facilitating issuer-investor 
dialogue on ESG matters, 
Euronext strengthens the 
business case for ESG practices 
and disclosure.
ESG reporting guide
■ 854 downloads in 2023;
■ 2306 downloads in total 
since its publication.
ESG ETFs
159 new ESG-related ETF available in 
2023.
ESG Funds
125 ESG-related investments funds 
listed and traded on Euronext.
ESG derivatives
Launch of the Euronext CAC 40 ESG index future. 
ESG Bonds
Euronext is the world leader in green bonds (in terms of 
number of green bonds, in terms of number of issuers 
and in terms of AUM).
Take urgent action to combat 
climate change and its impacts.
As a stock exchange, Euronext 
can play a leading role in creating 
climate resilient markets by 
offering related financial 
products as well as by 
encouraging or requiring climate 
disclosure in this area?
Green bonds
■ Green bonds represents 
55% of the Euronext ESG 
bond offer;
■ €292 billion raised by ESG 
bonds in 2023.
ESG Bonds
Creation of a best-in-class section promoting ESG bond 
issuers that have a SBTi-validated 1.5° strategy: the SBTi 
1.5° ESG Bonds Issuers. 43 issuers are displayed on this 
section.
ESG indices
Euronext Biodiversity Screened World Index and 
Euronex Biodiversity Enablers World Index launched in 
August 2023.
In 2023, Euronext was awarded “Best Pan-European 
Index Provider 2023” as well as the “Excellence Award for 
Robust Biodiversity Solutions 2023” at the Ethical 
Finance Awards. The Euronext Euro Large Cap 
Biodiversity Leaders 30 index won the “Best Index of the 
year” SRP award. 
Publication of a revised version of the ESG Reporting 
guide with a focus on the 1.5°C global temperature 
increase trajectory.
Conserve and sustainably use the 
oceans, seas and marine 
resources for sustainable 
development.
Water-themed ESG indices 
create an incentive for upgrading 
issuers’ water-related practices: 
As an exchange, we enable 
companies active in the blue 
economy to raise capital.
The last  years, 35 new Blue Economy 
companies listed in Euronext 
markets (an increase of 30% over 
2015).
Over the 5 year period from 2015 to 
2019, these companies:
■ Grew revenue at an annual 
growth rate of 4.5%;
■ Grew EBITDA at 13.3%;
■ Grew employment at 3.2%.
Water Indices
Financial ESG indices developed by Euronext with a 
thematic focus on water include:
■ Euronext Water and Ocean Europe 40 EW 
(launched in 2021) ;
■ Euronext CDP Water Eurozone EW (launched 
in 2020).
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
98


Page 101:
3.4.2 Our Partners
Key Issues:
■ Be the spokesperson of the sector and foster “Issuer-Investor” dialogue
■ Maintain an ongoing dialogue with multi-stakeholder partnerships
■ Educate our partners on financial literacy and regulations
KPI:
■ 5: Client Satisfaction (Net Promoter Score - NPS)
■ 6: Percentage of suppliers with SBTi set reduction targets on Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions
New material topics making use of the CSRD: 
In its recent double materiality assessment (see Section 3.1. - Value creation by Euronext), Euronext has identified Political 
Engagement, Management of relationships with suppliers, as material ESG topics. Reporting in line with the new material topics 
will occur in 2024, when Euronext is to be  aligned with the CSRD. 
3.4.2.1 Be the spokesperson of the sector and 
fostering issuer-investor dialogue
A central element of Euronext’s work involves engagement 
with all actors within its ecosystems. Alongside customers,  
issuers, investors and intermediaries, Euronext also engages 
with policymakers and regulators with a view to contribute to 
the development of the regulatory framework which governs 
Euronext’s activities. 
This engagement focuses on both the EU institutions, namely 
the Commission, Parliament and Member States in Council, as 
well as all relevant authorities in the Euronext jurisdictions. 
In 2023, in relation to sustainable finance related priorities, a 
number of initiatives have been going through the European 
legislative process going from a draft on ESG rating agencies 
to a proposal on the Corporate Sustainable Due Diligence 
Directive (CSDDD). The EU Commission did finalise as well the 
European Green Bond Standard and the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS).
3.4.2.2 Maintain an ongoing dialogue with multi-
stakeholder partnerships
Euronext’s commitment is enriched by a continuous dialogue 
with all its stakeholders, including at national level, its clients 
and suppliers. 
Advisory Committees
Each exchange of the Group has one or more exchange 
committees (“Advisory Committees”) consisting of external 
stakeholders, to advise and assist the local Managing Board in 
a non-binding, advisory capacity on issues of major interest to 
Euronext users (i.e. issuers, investors and other interested 
parties), where products and services might be developed to 
meet users’ needs. These committees discuss strategic 
issues at the local level, and also propose new ideas that fall 
within the scope of the Committee. Euronext commits to 
listening to the opinions of each Committee and taking these 
into account in its decision-making process insofar as 
possible, in the interests of both the Company and its 
shareholders.
Client Satisfaction Survey
In order to assess how clients are satisfied with the products 
and services provided by Euronext, the Group has put in place 
a Client Satisfaction Survey (NPS) 8 which serves as a KPI (KPI 
n°5).
For the seventh consecutive year, this annual customer 
satisfaction survey was conducted in 2023. Since 2022 the 
survey has been conducted in a different way compared to 
previous years 9, consisting of an online survey among 
Euronext clients’ base to provide anonymous feedback on a 
wide range of topics covering each aspect of the business.  
Several hundred contacts participated in this yearly exercise, 
providing valuable insights into client perception of 
Euronext’s strategic initiatives, client relationship 
management, and product offering. 
NPS 2023 2022
Debt and equity listing +37 +27
Market Data +32 +23
Euronext Clearing +10 +41
Euronext Securities +42 +54
Trading Members +31 +47
Corporate services - excluding iBabs +52 +46
Corporate services - iBabs +18 NA1
1 iBabs is part of Corporate Services, newly included in the scope for 2023. Its 
presented in a separate line to allow for consistent comparison year-on-year.
In previous years, the survey consisted of short phone 
interviews with the following results:
NPS 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017
Debt and equity listing +24 +27 +12 +14 +9
Market Data +39 +17 +20 +3 +15
Euronext Clearing NA NA NA NA NA
Euronext Securities +33 +27 +49 +29 +47
Trading Members +18 +10 +15 +13 -15
Corporate services NA NA NA NA NA
Suppliers and subcontractors ethical supply chain
Euronext has developed a "Euronext Supplier code of 
conduct", which includes provisions regarding human rights, 
diversity and inclusion, and environmental protection. This is 
provided together with "requests for proposal" to each 
envisaged supplier. Euronext tracks the percentage of its 
suppliers signing the code of conduct.
Euronext has decided to take a new approach to monitoring 
its supply chain. In addition to the monitoring of the signed 
code of conduct, Euronext is tracking which vendors are 
making a formal and public, SBTi aligned, commitment to 
reduce their scopes 1 and 2 carbon emissions  (KPI n°6). The 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 99
8 The NPS represents the difference between the members who are positive vis-à-vis Euronext and those who are detractors (the neutrals are not taken into account). 
When the figure is positive it means that the promoters outweigh the detractors (and vice versa).
9 From 2015 to 2021, the survey consisted of a 15 minutes phone interview. Given this change of methodology, results for 2022 cannot be compared with previous years.

Page 102:
primary focus is on the top vendors which represents the 
most significant portion of Euronext’s scope 3 emissions.  
Euronext's goal is to collaborate closely with its suppliers, 
supporting and guiding them on their journey to establish 
science-based targets. Together they are working towards a 
more sustainable and responsible future of their business and 
the planet.
More details on this suppliers engagement can be found in 
section 3.4.5.
Code of conduct 
coverage
2023 2022 2021 H2 2020
Number of new 
suppliers  1,658  3,295 750 254
Number of Code 
of Conducts  1,658  3,295 750 254
Number of Code 
of Conducts 
returned signed
 1,269 786 585 209
Percentage of 
Code of conduct 
returned (%)
77 24 78 82
Employees
Further insights in section 3.4.3 - Our People, to explore all 
the initiatives taken by Euronext to support and nourish a 
culture of performance through an ongoing dialogue with its 
employees.
Shareholders, analysts and investors
Euronext has an ongoing dialogue with financial analysts, 
shareholders and investors. The Company focuses on 
communicating clearly and providing transparent 
clarifications. Euronext publishes full financial results on a 
quarterly basis. These results are commented on in either 
physical meetings or conference calls for analysts and 
investors and are accessible to the general public via webcast 
found on the Company’s website.
In 2023, the Euronext investor relations team met with more 
than 450 investors, including ESG investors, from investment 
companies from more than 20 countries. These countries 
notably include United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, 
Switzerland, the United States and Canada. The meetings 
included both virtual and physical meetings. During the year, 
Euronext management and investor relations team attended 
14 investor conferences. Euronext is continuously willing to 
engage with its shareholders on a regular basis so as to 
enhance the knowledge of the Company and the 
understanding of its strategy.
Regulators
Each Euronext market operator is subject to national laws and 
regulations and other regulatory requirements imposed by 
exchange authorities, central banks and finance ministries as 
appropriate.
The national regulatory authorities in charge of the 
supervision of the regulated markets operated by the Group 
coordinate this supervision through the “Euronext College of 
Regulators”, acting pursuant to a Memorandum of 
Understanding which Euronext has committed to respect.
3.4.2.3. Educate our partners on financial literacy and 
regulations
Euronext operates a Euronext knowledge centre, known as 
"Euronext Academy", that aims to reach individual investors, 
as well as teachers, students, and other members of the 
general public in the countries where the Group operates and 
beyond, to improve their financial knowledge, skills, and ways 
of thinking. This is a key part of Euronext's mission to support 
local economies across Europe by connecting them to global 
capital markets, to accelerate innovation and sustainable 
growth.
In 2023, Euronext combined and replaced its successful 
legacy TechShare, GoPublic, IPOready, and FamilyShare 
programmes into one single comprehensive pre-IPO 
programme IPOready. IPOready is now Euronext’s unique pan-
European business educational pre-IPO programme for 
businesses ready to take the next step towards financing 
their growth journey.
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
100


Page 103:
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 101
Sustainable finance memberships and partnerships
Euronext is an official 
partner of the United 
Nations Sustainable 
Stock Exchange 
Initiative (“SSE”).
■ Euronext representatives attended regular meetings held by 
SSE during 2023.
■ On International Women's Day, Euronext hosted a bell-ringing 
ceremony across all its markets for the 9th consecutive year to 
raise awareness for gender equality. The initiative is organized 
by the SSE and its Global Partners, including the UN Global 
Compact, UN Women, International Finance Corporation (IFC), 
and World Federation of Exchanges
Euronext is a member of 
the Federation of 
European Securities 
Exchanges (“FESE”), 
representing European 
exchanges and engages 
in advocacy on behalf of 
this member community.
■ In 2023, Euronext continued to chair the Sustainable Task 
Force of FESE, discussing subject areas that include the 
CSDDD, Green Bond Regulation, ESG ratings, Taxonomy and 
SFDR papers.
Euronext is a founding 
member of the 
Sustainable Trading 
initiative.
■ Euronext has been a founding member of the "Sustainable 
trading initiative".
■ In 2023, several Euronext's representatives participated in 
workstreams focusing on Environmental, Social, and 
Governance issues and developing best practices.
Euronext signed the 
Principles for 
Responsible Investment 
(“PRI”), a UN-supported 
network of investors, 
which works to promote 
sustainable investment.
■ UN PRI was an institutional supporter of the Euronext 
Sustainability Week 2023. 
■ The interview with David Atkin, CEO of UN PRI, by Fabrizio 
Testa, CEO of Borsa Italiana, opened the first day of the 
Euronext Sustainability Week 2023.
Euronext signed the 
Women’s Empowerment 
Principles, which result 
from a collaboration 
between the UN Global 
Compact and UN 
Women. 
■ The signature of the Women's Empowerment Principles took 
place in March 2023.
Euronext is partner with 
the JA Europe, the 
largest non-profit in 
Europe dedicated to 
preparing young people 
for employment and 
entrepreneurship.
■ In 2023, over 70 Euronext employees across 9 countries 
volunteered to become mentors for the third edition of this 
programme. Over 250 students benefited from their mentoring


Page 104:
3.4.2.4 Reporting "Our Partners" against the SDGs
SDG Targets Quantitative results Qualitative achievements
Ensure sustainable consumption and 
production patterns.
As a stock exchange, Euronext can 
play a key role in providing guidance 
and training for companies and in 
strengthening listing requirements. 
By focusing on these actions, 
exchanges play a vital role in 
achieving this SDG and in ensuring 
transparency in their market.
Sustainable Finance Week
■ 2,800+ people attending; 
■ 120 speakers;
■ 40 events across 9 
locations.
Launch of  the 2023 edition of the 
pre-IPO programmes TechShare and 
IPOready with 140+ Tech companies 
participating coming from 16 
European countries.
Strengthen the means of 
implementation and revitalize the 
global partnership for sustainable 
development.
As a stock exchange Euronext has 
always played a key role in bringing 
stakeholders together, and now more 
than ever they will be pivotal players 
in achieving global efforts. By being 
an Official Partner of SSE, Euronext 
is already making its mark in this 
area.
STAR conference
From 21 to 23 March 2023, Euronext  
hosted its annual STAR investor 
conference in Milan, where 63 
companies listed on Borsa Italiana’s 
STAR segment met with 250 
investors representing 153 asset 
management firms. Over 2,700 
meetings have been organised, with 
250 investors representing 153 asset 
management firms, of which 53% are 
based outside Italy, and with over 100 
analysts and intermediary 
representatives supporting the 
conference.
Euronext actively seeks out new 
global partnerships for sustainable 
development, as evidenced by its 
annual increase in the number of 
commitments it makes. 
Furthermore, Euronext is committed 
to strengthening the existing global 
partnerships it has established by 
actively engaging in webinars, 
participating in working groups, and 
supporting various initiatives, 
detailed on page 1OO. 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
102


Page 105:
3.4.3 Our People
Key Issues:
■ Develop skills and retain talents in an open culture of dialogue
■ Promote diversity and inclusion
■ Respect human rights and local labour laws
KPI:
■ 7: Diversity in the Senior Leadership Team (SLT)
New material topics making use of the CSRD: 
In its recent double materiality assessment (see Section 3.1. - Value creation by Euronext), Euronext has identified Diversity and 
Inclusion, Working Conditions, and Training and Development as material ESG topics. Reporting in line with the new material topics 
will occur in 2024, when Euronext is to be  aligned with the CSRD. 
At Euronext, sustainability and diversity are part of its 
identity. Euronext conducts its business ethically, taking the 
impact of its actions on its employees into careful 
consideration. Euronext promotes an environment that 
encourages collaborative work, learning and innovation 
allowing each employee to shape his/her future and the future 
of the Company. 
As part of the "Growth for Impact 2024" strategic plan (for 
more details on the strategy, see 1.2.1 "Growth for Impact 
2024" Strategic Plan), Euronext continues to focus on 
empowering its people. This is summarised through 
Euronext's “Reinforce One Euronext” action plan guided by 
four distinct areas: Engagement, Performance, Scalability 
and Development. 
Actions are formulated at both Group and local levels, 
ensuring cross-fertilisation of the best initiatives. The 
Managing Board, local management teams and human 
resources teams monitor progress on a monthly basis. 
Euronext has set up a framework of policies, procedures and 
documents, that provide more details on its commitments: 
Business Conduct and Ethics, Performance Management & 
Remuneration, Talent Acquisition & Development, Diversity, 
Inclusion and Anti-Discrimination, Health, Safety and Ways of 
Working and Social Dialogue.  
3.4.3.1 Develop skills and retain talents in an open 
culture of dialogue
Human Capital Development
Employee engagement
Employee engagement is central to the execution of the 
"Growth for Impact 2024" strategic plan.
Euronext tracks employee engagement and satisfaction by  
conducting on a regular basis a Group employee survey, 
complementing the client survey. The Group employee survey 
is used to improve Euronext’s diversity and inclusion culture 
to foster innovation, enhance employee engagement and 
well-being, and contribute to overall business success. 
Additional country surveys are organised, when needed, to 
support local action plans. 
In 2023, the Group employee survey mainly focused on 
engagement and communication, with a large emphasis on 
diversity and inclusion. With a high participation rate of 85%, 
the survey indicated an engagement score of 82%. 
Additionally:
■ 87% of employees believe in Euronext’s purpose 
“Shaping capital markets for future generations”; 
■ 90% of employees agree with the statement 'in my 
function we respect and trust one another";
■ 87% of employees " (...) understand how (their) work 
contributes to Euronext’s purpose and strategy".
This successful outcome highlights the Group's commitment 
to its cultural transformation. Euronext engaged all staff 
members and distinct communities, including D&I champions, 
to identify and execute initiatives aimed at enhancing its 
strengths and also addressing areas for growth.
Additionally, Euronext maintains an open dialogue with 
employees sharing information on key initiatives and business 
updates, through quarterly town halls facilitated by the Group 
CEO and Managing Board members. In 2023, Euronext 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 103


Page 106:
organised a dedicated webinar on ESG, as well as 3 Town 
Halls, gathering on average more than 1,500 employees each 
time. Newsletters or designated Microsoft Teams groups 
complemented this communication approach. These 
approaches were duplicated at both function and local levels, 
ensuring that every employee could maintain connections 
with the Company and with one another. 
Euronext’s attrition rate for 2023 was 8.2% 10. Attrition 
remains at a reasonable level in line with company objectives. 
Specific retention and knowledge transfer plans are in place 
for employees with critical skills. Emergency and short-term 
internal successors are identified for all the critical senior 
roles within Euronext, as confirmed in the latest company 
succession plan reviewed in  2023. Euronext employees have 
an average length of service of 9.9 years. 
Performance management and remuneration
Performance development and management
The performance management process is detailed in the 
Performance Management and Remuneration policy. This key 
process aims to ensure employees have clear goals aligned 
with the business strategy, strengthen the performance 
culture, develop the skills and talent pipeline of the company, 
and recognise the contributions of each employee. 
In 2023, Euronext continued to strengthen the feedback 
culture, with a dedicated training for all employees and 
managers on how to deliver effective feedback. Training 
documentation and sessions are shared with both managers 
and employees to raise their awareness and accompany them 
along the performance and development campaign.
The 2023 objective setting guidelines ensure the alignment of 
the initiatives to support Euronext's “Growth for Impact 2024” 
strategic plan and corporate purpose, including at least one 
ESG and one transformation initiative.  
In 2023, 98% 11 of employees have had their annual 
performance and career development form completed in the 
HR system, and 96%12 their objective setting. 
Remuneration
Euronext aims to ensure competitive and fair compensation, 
with a significant variable component, fostering new 
initiatives, growth, and sustainable performance. The 
Company provides a competitive annual fixed salary in line 
with market standards, short term incentives to reward 
performance, and long-term incentives for some retention 
situations, in the form of a Performance Shares reward, to 
align the interests of Euronext employees with those of the 
company and long-term shareholders. In 2023, 89% of the 
Euronext employees received a short term incentive reward, 
in addition to their annual fixed salary. All employees are 
eligible for local benefit programmes.
All permanent Euronext employees, including part-time, have 
also access to a share ownership program, with an annual 
grant of 10 performance shares, reinforcing the message that 
each member of the team is co-owner of the business 
objectives, working together to grow Euronext in ambition, 
impact and profitability. The renewal of this program has been 
approved by the Supervisory Board every year since 2020. 
This program follows the same conditions as the long-term 
incentive plan with a three-year cliff vesting schedule.
For specific information on Managing Board and Supervisory 
Board remuneration please refer to Section 4.4 - 
Remuneration Report.
Enforcing Euronext's matrix and scalable model 
In 2023, Euronext focused on strengthening its business 
model to achieve the “Growth for Impact 2024” strategic plan, 
and reinforcing the Euronext matrix model, while responsibly 
managing reorganisations.
Euronext continues to invest in dedicated programmes for its 
new businesses to support organisational and cultural 
change, as well as the adoption of common HR practices. The 
change management programmes in place for Euronext 
Securities and Euronext Clearing have strengthened their 
knowledge of the Group's culture, processes and tools 
through training and communication actions.
The Euronext Human Resources team is organised around 
countries and functions/business lines which allows to 
strengthen the implementation of the strategy. 
Talent 
Euronext's Talent Acquisition and Development policy details 
its framework and principles to attract, retain and nurture 
high quality talent. 
Developing exciting career opportunities 
During 2023, the Group continued to leverage on its core HR 
processes to accelerate career opportunities for all its 
employees, including annual performance and development, 
talent review and succession planning. Outside of change of 
positions, employees also have the opportunity to grow in 
their job through new projects, enlarged scope of the Group, 
short and long term international assignments, and exposure 
to new products and technologies. 
The Career Framework provides a comprehensive overview of 
professional roles and potential career development paths for 
all permanent and fixed-term employees across its various 
entities, to design their career path at Euronext. This tool is 
updated annually to ensure its alignment with the evolving job 
landscape within the company. In 2023, Euronext expanded 
the Career Framework to incorporate its new businesses, 
including Nord Pool, and to mirror changes in its 
organisational model. Currently, it encompasses 13 job 
families, 69 subfamilies, and 231 roles, offering options in 
both "management" and "specialist" tracks.
Euronext enhanced its international mobility opportunities 
across its various locations, to bolster its federal model, with 
29 employees taking short-term and long-term international 
assignments in 2023.
Fostering learning & development 
Euronext's training programmes are developed with the 
intention to ensure the current and future employability of its 
employees, career development, and to foster internal 
mobility. In 2023, 98% of Euronext employees (permanent and 
fixed-term contracts) who worked in the organisation 
between January and December participated at least once in 
a training.
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
104
10 Voluntary employee turnover from January to end of December 2023.
11  Excluding Nord Pool.
12 Excluding Nord Pool.

Page 107:
2023 2022 2021
% of employees trained (reported 
training or development activity)
98 98 89
Total time allocated to training 
(hours)
 26,584  21,174  20,458 
Euronext's priorities for 2023 have been: 
■ To sustain the delivery of the “Growth for Impact 
2024” strategic plan, including investment on some 
specific IT and business expertise; 
■ To empower employees to grow, perform and 
innovate to support the company’s cultural 
transformation and deliver the strategic objectives.
A visual representation of an extract of the 2023 training 
roadmap:
Euronext organizes every year the Euronext Learning Week, 
an initiative dedicated to learning and development on various 
topics such as business knowledge, innovation, ESG, and soft 
skills. This event is open to all employees, including interns, 
apprentices, and international graduates. In 2023, a total of 
26 learning events were held, with an encouraging 41% female 
participants.
■ 150h training on environment and climate
■ +120h training on diversity & inclusion
■ +200h training on well-being and mental health 
Other examples of topics covered include Inclusive 
leadership, diversity & inclusion in the financial industry, 
working across cultures, effective remote work & hybrid 
teams, and well-being and cultural awareness.
Euronext Academy, the Group's e-learning platform, is 
accessible to all employees, interns, apprentices, 
international graduates and contractors. The platform 
contains training courses developed by internal and external 
experts. Employees are also invited to join regular webinars, 
focusing on business knowledge, ESG and Innovation, to learn 
about capital markets and new technologies trends.
Training programmes are provided by best-in-class 
educational institutions, together with selected internal 
Euronext experts. For example, Euronext invited selected 
employees to take the certification programme “Driving 
Corporate Sustainability Transformation”, developed and 
delivered by Academy - Euronext Group, in partnership with 
Leonardo Business Centre for Society - Imperial College.
A dedicated initiative is in place to cultivate engaged and 
inclusive leaders. Tailored learning journeys are provided by 
internationally recognised experts, along with recurrent 
workshops designed to reinforce leadership and management 
skills. Two illustrative examples encompass:
■ Management essentials: tailored for newly 
appointed managers seeking to accelerate their 
learning curve, or for seasoned managers aiming to 
practice and update their skills.
■ Leading High Performing Teams: designed to 
support leaders to accelerate their team 
performance, in particular those working with 
international remote teams, and focusing on 
effectively engaging them through change.
Euronext also provides training programmes dedicated to 
specific roles and functions. These trainings are deployed at 
functional and/or local level, for example for the IT and Sales 
teams. Moreover, a platform is available for Euronext's IT 
population with dedicated courses. 
Employees, interns, apprentices, international graduates and 
contractors are assigned mandatory trainings every year 
through the Euronext Academy, in order to improve 
Euronext's risk and compliance approach and provide updated 
content on Information Security, GDPR, Conflict of Interest. 
Training programme Number of employees 
trained 
Financial & Euronext Market 
Knowledge 1,426
ESG* 1,483
IT 1,285
Leadership, Management 
and Coaching 637
Digital Tools 823
Cross Cultural Management 286
Project Management 139
*Including diveristy, inclusion, wellbeing, enviornmental, and sustainability 
topics.
Attracting the best talents
The key principles of Euronext's Talent Acquisition strategy 
are detailed in the Group's Talent Acquisition and 
Development policy. Attracting, retaining and nurturing high 
quality talent is fundamental to delivering Euronext's “Growth 
for Impact 2024” strategy. Its people are at the core of 
Euronext's business, with both its customers and 
stakeholders, benefiting from the expertise, commitment and 
innovation Euronext employees bring. 
Euronext meticulously anticipates its staffing requirements 
through strategic workforce planning. This forecasting is a 
result of utilising a Workforce Strategic Planning tool, which 
is updated monthly. These regular updates ensure an 
accurate estimation of specific staffing needs across various 
business units and geographic locations.
In 2023, Euronext onboarded 392 new employees in 
permanent and fixed-term contracts, to support the priority 
areas of the strategic plan. This number is stable compared to 
2022. Euronext continues to develop its talent pool by 
reinforcing referral, internal mobility and recruitment 
partnerships with best-in-class agencies. Euronext has also 
established partnerships with schools or organisations to co-
develop projects and improve its visibility as an attractive 
employer in different locations. Finally, Euronext participated 
in several job fairs at various universities.
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 105
Specific business 
expertise
Core Euronext 
fundamentals
Transformation 
priorities
Business line 
expertise
Operation & IT 
expertise
Support function 
expertise
Capital Markets 
essentials
Leadership
Presentation & 
Negotiation skills
Project Management 
& Operational 
excellence
Euronext new joiners 
onboarding 
Organic growth & 
innovation 
Artificial intelligence
ESG
Cross cultural 
management & 
diversity 

Page 108:
New employees are offered induction programmes with a mix 
of online and on-site resources, industry and onboarding on 
all company policies, and compulsory training on compliance 
matters. 
Employees hired 2023 2022 2021
Permanent and Fixed-Term 392 409 273
% of Women / Men 38 / 62 38 / 62 38 / 62
As of the end of 2023, as part of the talent pipeline strategy of 
the company, 193 trainees and apprentices were part of 
Euronext and trained on the latest technologies and critical 
skills. Thanks to its continuous efforts and commitments 
towards gender equality and diversity, Euronext is proud that 
49% of trainees and apprentices are female.   
Euronext extended its International Graduate programme 
(V.I.E) with 39 graduates as of the end of 2023, of which 59% 
are female. The number of International Graduates increased 
by 56%, compared to end of 2022. Graduates are deployed to 
different countries and undergo several international 
rotations over a two-year period. This programme 
strengthens the connections between teams and provides 
graduates with a culturally enriching experience, fostering 
innovation and dynamism in support of Euronext's strategic 
ambitions.
3.4.3.2 Promote Diversity and Inclusion
Euronext's Commitment
As described in its ESG policy Diversity, Inclusion and Anti-
discrimination, Euronext has built a strong approach to 
maintain a culture of equity and inclusion, welcoming and 
promoting Diversity in all its forms.
Euronext's organisation naturally creates an environment 
where people of diverse cultures and backgrounds 
collaborate and drive the organisation forward. 2023 
demonstrated an acceleration in Euronext’s agenda to bring 
more diverse talents and to foster an inclusive culture for all.
Euronext's commitment also aims to ensure all actions and 
activities related to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 
answer a concrete need and resonate in Euronext’s various 
businesses and countries. In direct correlation with the 
Group's engagement approach, in 2023 Euronext strived to 
get bottom-up and open dialogue opportunities with its staff 
on DEI topics.
Euronext has a firm commitment to combatting 
discrimination and harassment and linked to any diversity 
criteria. In compliance with local regulations, all countries 
where Euronext operates are equipped with group and local 
appropriate grievance escalation and investigation 
processes. This is facilitated by Euronext’s Group 
whistleblowing policy and process. Additionally, employees 
and managers receive appropriate training to ensure they are 
well-equipped to handle these issues effectively.
To monitor and evaluate the level of Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion within Euronext, Euronext has established a KPI 
focused on the representation of women in senior leadership 
positions (KPI n° 7). Through this KPI, Euronext can evaluate 
its efforts in creating equal opportunities for women to 
advance and thrive in leadership roles. In 2023, Euronext 
achieved its target of 30%, with 34% of women in Senior 
Leadership Positions. 
2023 2022 2021
% of Women in Senior Leadership Team  34  34  34 
Additionally, as part of its "Fit for 1.5", Euronext set a 30% 
target for women in management levels below the Senior 
Leadership Team to be achieved by 2023. This has been 
achieved, with 35% of women in management positions in 
revenue-generating functions and 30% of women in junior 
management positions. Lastly, the Euronext Managing Board 
and Supervisory Board have reached their gender diversity 
targets in two years, with 30% and 40% gender diversity 
respectively already delivered.
Employee Survey
In 2023 Euronext ran a Group wide employee survey. This 
survey focused significantly on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
topics, with 21 related questions. Euronext is proud to have 
achieved a DEI score13 of 81% at Group level.
As part of the key highlights of this survey:
■ 88% of employees believe Euronext is free of 
harassment and discrimination related to ethnicity, 
skin colour.
■ 87% of employees believe that their manager 
genuinely supports equality between genders.
■ 86% of employees believe that they can be 
themselves at Euronext without worrying about 
being accepted.
Detailed results have been used by country and function, and 
with the D&I Network, to foster discussions within teams and 
identify areas of improvement for 2024. 
This survey reflects Euronext’s strong commitment to 
fostering open and active dialogue with its employees. It 
provides an additional space for employees to share their 
views, contribute to the company's strategy, and shape its 
culture.
Fostering an inclusive culture
In 2023, Euronext continued to deliver trainings on 
unconscious bias, to help its employees identify and mitigate 
their own biases, notably regarding gender and ethnic 
background, based on the implicit bias test methodology.  
This training is open to all Euronext employees, and is 
particularly recommend to all new joiners.  
In 2023, 7 sessions were organized, including one dedicated 
to our Senior Leadership Team. Since 2022, 402 permanent 
and fixed term employees have received a training on 
unconscious bias.  
D&I Networks annual activity report
Euronext supports diversity in all its forms, as highlighted 
from the  D&I Network's annual activity report. 
As of the end of 2023, Euronext’s D&I Network was composed 
of 24 volunteers, named “D&I Champions”, from each of 
Euronext's locations, who act both at local and Group level. 
2023 was the first year where they were able to concretely 
activate new initiatives, in partnership with their respective 
local HR and Management teams. Beyond all the initiatives 
carried out, the D&I network also gathered 3 times in 2023.
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
106
13 Score based on the computation of all favourable answers for the 21 questions related to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion.

Page 109:
Country Examples of D&I initiatives deployed in 2023
Belgium ▪ Renewed partnership with A Seat At The Table, promoting young diverse talent through weekly leadership, entrepreneurship 
and mentoring programmes with the Belgian and international business community. 
▪ Collaborated with Capitant, the largest female student organisation in Belgium, for a Ladies Night event to enhance financial 
literacy among female students.
Denmark ▪ Renewed partnership with the Københavns Universitet to attract women with IT profiles.
▪ Local teams celebrated several days during the year, and notably International Women’s Day and Pride Week to foster a more 
inclusive and equitable environment by bringing together diverse perspectives, promoting understanding, and encouraging 
open dialog to celebrate differences within our community. 
France ▪ Signed a partnership with Nos Quartiers ont du Talent (NQT) to support the professional integration of disadvantaged youth in 
search of work, traineeships or apprenticeships. Euronext colleagues mentor young students.
▪ Organized conferences on various topics: Gender Identity during Pride Month, Cancer prevention in October and November.
▪ Established the first Women's Network, which consists in a tailor-made range of events open to all employees, as well as a 
dedicated networking program for a cohort of Euronext women based in Paris which included women leadership trainings led 
by a certified leadership training provider.
Ireland ▪ Established a partnership with An Cosán, to support marginalised women of all ages in gaining skills to re-enter the 
workforce. An all-staff conference was held in December 2023.
▪ Renewed partnership with local recruitment agency with a mandate to deliver a diverse pipeline of candidates for vacancies.
▪ Renewed membership with the Executive Institute’s ‘Women in Business’ network and with the Advisory Group of Balance for 
Better Business to promote gender balance in senior leadership in Ireland.
Italy ▪ Partnered with secondary schools in Milan to provide training on Euronext and financial markets, led by female colleagues 
showcasing diverse career opportunities within the financial field.
▪ Organised a conference to mark The International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women.
▪ Hosted a webinar led by MIA-Milano in azione, a non-profit organization aimed at assisting the underprivileged in Milan, to 
explore support measures for returning to work.
▪ Renewed several initiatives in 2023: inclusive hotellerie project with Allianz Foundation for recruiting disadvantaged 
candidates, SheLab Scholarship aimed at reskilling and upskilling disadvantaged women in STEM with She Tech and Aulab 
coding school, Women to go beyond program to increase female candidates in Technology with Statale University, and 
Empower women program with Valore D association to foster C-level and Board level positions.
Netherlands ▪ Support "Emma at work’’ which helps young people with physical limitations in their development, with the final objective to 
find a job.
▪ Joined GAP200 as a member for 1 year to invest in a young people who can complete the GAP track development programme 
and participate in mentoring program with 4 Euronext mentors and 4 mentees from Emma at work.
▪ Renewed the Women's Network with a new cohort, focused on enhancing leadership skills for women colleagues.
Norway ▪ Renewed the Women's Network for an annual cohort of women across the Nordic entities, offering tailored leadership 
trainings by certified training providers and networking events with female leader
▪ The local teams also celebrated International Women's Day and Pride month, with events for all employees.
Portugal ▪ Launched the Women's Network, offering networking programme for the annual cohort, several events opened to all 
employees, and access to the annual Skills program academy with the Professional Women Network.
▪ Employer branding initiatives in collaboration local Universities near Porto to attract diverse talent.
UK/US ▪ Established a partnership with The Youth Group to mentor young people from various socio-economic backgrounds seeking 
employment.
▪ Renewed partnership with Woodhouse College / Career Ready program, including a 1-day session in June at the office. The 
program aims to prepare young people, particularly those from underprivileged backgrounds, for the professional world. 
Offered summer internships, practice interview sessions, and networking opportunities to further support the career 
development of these young individuals.
India ▪ Established PAN India Grad Hiring Program with a focus on improving gender diversity in lateral hiring.
▪ Conducted 'Cinematherapy' session addressing challenges women face in saying 'No' to tasks, including discussions on 
mental health.
▪ Hosted on LinkedIn a Contest on Equity on International Women’s Day.
Focus on Gender
In 2023, Euronext signed the Women’s Empowerment 
Principles. By signing these principles, which result from a 
collaboration between the UN Global Compact and UN 
Women, Euronext committed to the corporate delivery on 
gender equality dimensions of the 2030 agenda and the 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, while working 
collaboratively in multi-stakeholder networks to foster 
business practices that empower women. 
In 2023, Euronext was included in two Euronext Gender 
Equality Indices: the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the 
Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40. This inclusion 
is a result of the Group's improvement in its Equileap score, 
when compared to the previous year. In 2023, Euronext 
achieved an increase of its score by more than 5 percentage 
points, surpassing the global average score that rose from 
41% to 44%.
In 2023, Euronext hosted “Ring the bell” ceremonies in each of 
its countries on the 8th of March on the International Women's 
Day for the 9th consecutive year. 
Euronext is represented in several leading Women’s networks 
across Europe: Women in Trading, Women in ETFs, Women in 
Clearing. 
After the success of local Women's networks in various 
Euronext locations, a Euronext Women’s Network programme 
was launched in March 2023. Almost 70 women talents of 
Euronext participated to these initiatives across the various 
locations. The objective of the internal Women’s Network 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 107

Page 110:
programme is to enhance equal career opportunities for 
everybody, with a focus on fostering women's empowerment. 
This initiative brings together local and group resources:
■ Local programmes for women in each country or 
region, with tailor-made trainings held by certified 
training providers to help women develop their skills 
and grow in their career. These programmes are 
made of a one-year cohort to ensure more impact 
for the participants. Euronext ensured to welcome 
men in at least one of the sessions proposed.
■ A Euronext Global Community to engage all 
employees regardless of their gender, share best 
practices, create connections between locations 
and give broader visibility to the topic. 
All KPIs related to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion are reported 
in the appendix 03 - "Summary social data".
Gender pay action plan
Euronext is deeply committed to promoting equal 
opportunities and professional development for women and 
for all employees. Throughout the employee journey, 
recruitment, training, promotion, compensation, we actively 
prevent any instances of gender inequality, and more broadly 
any form of inequality. 
Equal pay is monitored thanks to active compensation 
monitoring throughout the year, making sure each employee 
with the same level of responsibilities and performance 
receives the same level of reward.  
Gender equality is a priority in all compensation decisions at 
Euronext, with a dedicated focus during each compensation 
review process. While closely aligning with its ongoing efforts 
to manage structure costs, the company has consistently 
a l l o c a t e d  a   h i g h e r  s a l a r y  i n c r e a s e  b u d g e t  t o  f e m a l e  
e m p l o y e e s   c o m p a r e d  t o  m a l e  e m p l o y e e s  
In order to make sure all potential gender inequality situations 
are addressed during the compensation review, over the last 
5 years, more than 10% of the overall salary increase budget 
has been allocated to the gender equality purpose. 14% of the 
overall AFS increase budget was dedicated to gender equality 
in 2023/2024. 
E u r o n e x t  h a s  r o l l e d - o u t  a  u n i f i e d  C a r e e r  F r a m e w o r k   a c r o s s  a l l  
locations and functions in the last few years, empowering 
employees to design their career paths, and allowing 
managers to manage closely their management pyramid. This 
tool is also supporting the management team in its efforts to 
achieve gender balance at each level of the organisation, 
starting with a target of more than 30% women at Excutive 
Level and at Senior Leadership Team level. 
At the hiring stage, Euronext ensures that all employees 
receive a competitive Annual Fixed Salary, which aligns with 
market standards. This determination is independent of 
gender and takes into account several factors, including the 
individual’s role, level of accountability, experience, and 
overall responsibilities.
Gender pay budget Salary increase 
dedicated to gender 
equality
Compensation process 2019/2020 16%
Compensation process 2020/2021 14%
Compensation process 2021/2022 13%
Compensation process 2022/2023 11%
Compensation process 2023/2024 14%
As part of Euronext's willingness to support gender equality 
throughout the employee journey, the Group has implemented 
specific measures, on top of the usual compensation 
monitoring during the annual reviews:
■ Since 2022, Euronext has made a clear 
commitment: parental leave will not impact Short-
Term Incentive (STI) payouts. This decision ensures 
that parental leave does not lead to proration of 
bonuses. By doing so, Euronext upholds its Gender 
Equal Pay approach and prevent pay gaps between 
female and male employees.
■ For women returning from maternity leave, Euronext 
takes proactive steps. Annual fixed salary reviews 
are conducted in the year of their return or during 
the subsequent compensation review process. This 
practice ensures that women receive fair and 
equitable compensation as they resume their roles 
after maternity leave.
■ Euronext places significant emphasis on succession 
planning , with a dedicated focus on gender equality.
3.4.3.3 Respect human rights and local labour laws
Employee well-being, health and safety and embracing 
new ways of working
Euronext's commitment to health and safety and respect of 
human rights 
Euronext always looks to improve its health and safety 
measures, adapting them to a changing world. 
The Company is committed to providing all employees and 
others who are on its property, with a safe and healthy work 
environment. Accordingly, all employees comply with all 
health and safety laws and regulations as well as Company 
policies governing health and safety. 
Euronext ensures to provide a working environment that 
complies with the latest requirements and that all its 
buildings and workplace infrastructure are maintained in a 
safe condition.
Euronext also appoints and trains employees on local 
regulations, to take on special health and safety 
responsibilities, such as first responders, facilities teams, and 
where applicable security officers. All employees and 
managers are responsible for immediately reporting 
accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, practices or 
conditions to a designated person. Monitoring of those 
accidents allows to prevent any re-occurrence. Furthermore, 
Euronext’s business activity prevents its employees from 
being exposed to major physical occupational risk.  
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
108


Page 111:
Embracing new ways of working 
Euronext offers the possibility to work from home on a 
voluntary basis, up to 2 days per week. The possibility of 
remote working options may vary depending on the location 
and function within Euronext's federal model and matrix 
organization.
While recognizing the benefits of remote work, Euronext 
firmly believes in the value of office-based work to foster 
teamwork, innovation, and creativity, particularly during a 
period of innovation and organic growth. To promote an 
inspiring and collaborative workplace, each country CEO has 
committed to organizing regular face-to-face internal events 
throughout 2023, including lunch and learns, local town halls, 
and other gatherings.
Euronext also acknowledges the importance of flexibility for 
its staff and offers flexible working hours and/or part-time 
options wherever possible, in accordance with local 
regulations and within the context of each role. This allows 
employees to perform their duties optimally while considering 
individual circumstances.
Employee well-being 
All Euronext offices comply with local health and safety 
regulations. Risk assessments are performed on a regular 
basis. To minimise the occurrence of accidents, Euronext has 
implemented various preventive measures in some of its 
countries. 
Euronext also continued in 2023 to invest in its WellNext 
programme, covering all Euronext employees, aimed at 
improving the health and well-being of employees at work. 
This specific attention paid to employees aims to help them 
build resilience and preserve their mental health.  
Euronext’s focus on well-being for all employees is reinforced 
thanks to dedicated learning and awareness actions. A page 
of the intranet is dedicated to Health and Well-being, where 
employees can easily access all information.   
All employees are provided with locally-tailored information 
and invited to training sessions at least once a year. An 
illustration of additional group-wide and local initiatives:  
■ psychological support and confidential employee 
assistance helplines; 
■ health seminars, subsidised subscriptions to virtual 
meditation tools and bespoke talks on health 
prevention;
■ ergonomic assessments, health assessments, anti-
flu vaccination campaigns for employees;
■ physical activities such as steps challenges for 
charity, beach cleaning and tidying of towns in the 
cities Euronext is located  
Each Euronext location proposes adapted initiatives based on 
local needs. Below is a list of examples of  local initiatives: 
Euronext Location/ Entity Activities
Italy Yoga sessions for all employees; Training to promote mutual respect ; Family day. 
France Gym at the office; Flu vaccination; Weekly sports and relaxation sessions; 4 inspiring health 
conferences (stress, cancer, sleep…) ; Family Day. 
Belgium Free organic fruit and vegetables; Flu Vaccination; Free massage; Sport and culture voucher; 
Training session on how to boost energy. 
Norway Conferences on mental health; Physiotherapist available at the office once a week;  Participation 
to sports events (Holmenkollstaffetten); Flu vaccination.
Netherlands Gym at the office;  physiotherapist available at the office.
Portugal Family day; partnership with Pulso, proposing monthly activities such as Yoga and mindfulness; 
Workshops; Celebrated International Mental Health Day; Flu vaccination.
Denmark Subsidy for fitness activities; Massage available at the office once a week; Yoga; Cross-Fit; Flu 
vaccination; Subsidy for smoking cessation; Screen spectacles.
Ireland Corporate events gathering employees twice a year.
United Kingdom Cycle to work scheme; fresh fruit twice a week; flu vaccination; gym discount; private medical; 
EAP service; Wellbeing app.
United States of America Fresh fruit; EAP service; private medical.
India Workshops on mindfulness, mental wellness, yoga; organised sports team events; classrooms on 
communicating with people with culture, personal and ethnic diversity; long leave of absence or 
time off to employees in need to attend to their mental health prerogatives. 
Nord Pool Regular communication on well-being, including mental health; 1-1 coaching sessions to educate 
managers on well-being. 
Finally as part of its well-being approach, Euronext ensures to 
dedicate specific measures to all care givers and notably for 
employees in their parental role. Euronext is committed to 
enable all its employees to care for and bond with a new-born 
or a newly adopted child and as such respects and 
encourages parental leave in each location in conformance 
with local regulations. 
Euronext monitors stress and energy levels with regular  
opinion surveys.  
Social Dialogue
Euronext's commitment 
As outlined in its Social Dialogue policy, Euronext is 
committed to social dialogue, supporting employee's 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 109

Page 112:
representation rights and facilitating worker representation 
bodies.
Works council at local and European level 
In accordance with local laws and regulations, local works 
councils and staff representative forums are in place in Italy, 
France, the Netherlands, Portugal (Porto), Norway, Denmark, 
Finland and Sweden. The works councils and staff 
representative forums represent Euronext employees, are 
informed and/or consulted on economic, financial, social and 
organisational matters, and complement collective or 
national labour negotiations. 
Euronext is currently engaged in a negotiation process for a 
European Works Council (EWC) agreement. According to 
European and local law, a Special Negotiating Group (SNG) has 
been set up in November 2022. 4 negotiation meetings have 
been held in 2023 between the SNG and Central management.
Social dialogue with Workers Representative Bodies  
Local Council and staff representative 
forums held in 2023
Work sessions
Portugal 3
Finland 4
Sweden (Nord Pool) 4
Denmark 5
Norway (Nord Pool) 6
Norway (other entities) 10
France 24
Netherlands 24
Italy 69
Euronext is committed to maintain a close and ongoing 
dialogue with all staff representatives, unions, and work 
councils on any major reorganisation, in compliance with  
each local regulation. 
In 2023, Euronext held regular meetings with unions, staff 
representatives and work councils in every legal entity, with 
several consultations and agreements on new organisations, 
workplace assessment, new tools used for project 
management.
In all countries Euronext is committed to complying with 
labour law and does not have any ongoing litigation or dispute 
regarding staff representatives or unions’ rights
Collective bargaining 
coverage 
Employees (EEA only)  
For countries with > 50 
employees representing > 
10% total employees
Social dialogue 
Workplace representation 
(EEA only)  
For countries with > 50 
employees representing > 
10% total employees 
0-19% Norway (other) 
20-39% 
40-59% Norway (Nord Pool)
60-79%
80-100% France 
Italy 
France 
Italy 
Norway 
. 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
110


Page 113:
3.4.3.4 Reporting "Our People" against the SDGs
SDG Targets Qualitative results Quantitative achievements
Ensure women’s full and 
effective participation 
and equal opportunities 
for leadership at all levels 
of decision-making in 
political, economic and 
public life. 
As a market 
infrastructure, Euronext 
may take leadership in 
the area of diversity 
namely with the stock 
exchange bell ringing 
ceremonies in support of 
empowering women in 
the workplace, 
marketplace and 
community 
■ In 2023, the gender equality index applicable 
to Euronext's French legal entities 
reached 93/100 for Euronext Paris SA 
and 88/100 for Euronext Technologies 
SAS. 
■ The percentage of women in the Senior 
Leadership Team is 34%. 
■ The percentage of women in 
management positions is 31%. 
■ Euronext hosted “Ring the bell” 
ceremonies in all of its countries on the 
8th of March on the International 
Women's Day. 
■ In 2023, Euronext has been included in 
two Euronext Gender Equality Indices, 
the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 
and the Euronext Equileap Gender 
Equality France 40. 
■ These indexes comprise European 
companies that have demonstrated a 
commitment on gender balance in 
leadership and workforce, equal 
compensation and work-life balance, 
policies promoting gender equality and 
commitment, transparency, and 
accountability. 
■ Building on the success of 
Euronext’s Diversity Day and 
International Women’s Day 
initiatives, each Euronext 
country has taken the 
commitment to reinforce 
local diversity partnerships 
with schools and 
recruitment providers, as 
well as early mentoring 
programmes as part of the 
Group’s financial literacy 
initiatives.
                                                                                                                                           
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 111

Page 114:
3.4.4 Our Society
Key Issues:
■ Act ethically, with integrity and the highest standards in terms of good governance
■ Educate and engage with our local Community
KPI:
■ 8: Use of the whistleblowing process
■ 9: GDPR Training employees
■ 10: Personal data breaches
New material topic making use of the CSRD : 
In its recent double materiality assessment (see Section 3.1. - Value creation by Euronext), Euronext has identified Culture and 
Governance as material ESG topics. Reporting in line with the new material topics will occur in 2024, when Euronext is to be 
aligned with the CSRD. 
3.4.4.1 Act ethically, with integrity and the highest 
standards in terms of good governance
Euronext’s commitment to high ethical and legal standards of 
conduct is core to Euronext businesses, and the Group aims 
to be a model for the industry by supporting the highest 
ethical standards in its dealings with its colleagues, 
employees, business partners, customers, and in its 
communities.
Good Corporate Governance
Euronext respects the Corporate Governance Guidelines, 
Recommendations and Codes set in place in the Netherlands 
(see section 4.1 - Dutch Corporate Governance Code), and aims 
to comply with the ones set in place in the other Euronext 
locations.
The Managing Board is charged with the management of the 
Company. The Managing Board serves as the main decision-
making body for the management of the Euronext Group, 
subject to the supervision of the Supervisory Board. The 
responsibilities of the Managing Board include, among other 
things, compliance with legislation and regulations as well as 
compliance with and maintenance of the corporate 
governance structure of the Company subject to and in 
accordance with or with due observance of applicable law and 
regulations, applicable regulatory declarations of non-
objection, approvals and licenses, the Company's articles of 
association and, to the extent applicable and not deviated 
from, any and all corporate governance codes applicable in 
any relevant jurisdiction.
The role of the Supervisory Board is to supervise the policy of 
the Managing Board and the general affairs of the Company 
and its businesses, as well as to assist the Managing Board by 
providing advice as a separate and independent body. Key 
decisions of the Managing Board require approval of the 
Supervisory Board. In discharging its role, the Supervisory 
Board shall be guided by the interests of the Company and its 
businesses and shall take into account the relevant interests 
of the Company's stakeholders. The Supervisory Board shall 
also have due regard for corporate social responsibility issues 
that are relevant to the Company's business.
Euronext N.V. has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics that reaffirms Euronext N.V. ’s commitment to high 
standards of ethical conduct and reinforces its business 
ethics, policies, and procedures.
This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to Euronext 
N.V. and all subsidiaries and entities controlled by it 
(collectively, the “Company”) and the Company’s Board 
members, and employees.
The Managing Board is entrusted with the task of ensuring 
that the Code of Conduct and the company's corporate 
policies govern all business activities without exceptions. 
They hold the responsibility for approving any updates to the 
Code of Conduct and all corporate policies, which are  
reviewed on an annual basis. The compliance department is 
responsible for the day-to-day implementation, management, 
and maintenance of the Code of Conduct and corporate 
policies, as delegated by the Managing Board.
On the other hand, the Supervisory Board specifically takes 
charge of addressing suspicions or allegations of fraud 
related to accounting and auditing matters, handling 
whistleblower reports concerning Board Members, managing 
conflicts of interest, and granting waivers of the Code of 
Conduct for Board Members. They are also responsible for 
making decisions regarding any conflicts of interest involving 
Board members, with a requirement to document such 
decisions. Furthermore, any measures aimed at mitigating 
conflicts of interest for a Board member must be approved by 
the Supervisory Board.
By the end of 2023, the Supervisory Board was composed of 
ten non-executive directors including four female directors.
Four committees report to the Supervisory Board: the Audit 
Committee, the Risk Committee, the Nomination and 
Governance Committee and the Remuneration Committee. In 
2023, the Supervisory Board and its four related committees 
held 29 sessions though in-person meetings or video 
conferencing.
By the end of 2023, the Managing Board was composed of ten 
directors including three female directors, and the Senior 
Management was in addition composed of twelve executive 
managers including four female managers who attended all 
its meetings (the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel, 
the Chief Talent Officer, the Head of Compliance and Risk, the 
Chief Investor Relations and Communications Officer, the 
Global Head of Derivatives and Post-trade, the Head of 
Diversified Services, the Head of Cash Equity and Data 
Services, the Head of Primary Markets, the Head of CSDs, the 
Head of MTS, the Head of Group Data Services).
To align with best practices regarding executive 
compensation and ensure adequate performance based 
rewards, all members of the Managing Board have a 10% Short 
Term Incentive objective linked to ESG performance. For 
further details see section 4.4 - Remuneration Report. 
Detailed information about Euronext’s Governance can be 
found on the Corporate Governance page on Euronext’s 
website as well as in section 4 - Corporate Governance  of this 
Universal Registration Document. 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
112


Page 115:
ESG Policies and Statements 
Euronext has adopted a set of policies and statements that 
reaffirm its commitment to operating a sustainable global 
business for the benefit of all. The ESG policies and 
Statements aim to ensure that its business practices and 
operations respect the environment, embrace diversity, value 
employee contribution, and respect basic human rights and 
appropriate rules for business ethics and professional 
conduct. 
 Important topics included are:
■ Business Conduct and Ethics;
■ Human Rights;
■ Diversity, Inclusion and Anti-Discrimination;
■ Misconduct Report & Handling;
■ Sustainable Lobbying;
■ Anti-Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing;
■ Anti-corruption, anti-fraud, anti-bribery, gifts and 
entertainment;
■ Data privacy;
The policies apply to Euronext and its majority owned 
subsidiaries, and to all Euronext employees and consultants 
(including interns and temporary staff) and agents. They are  
reviewed and approved on a yearly basis by the Euronext 
Managing Board, and can be found online on Euronext's 
website.
Euronext Compliance Policies
Euronext has nine Corporate Compliance policies. These 
policies aim at ensuring compliance with the laws and 
regulations and promoting best practice as well as high 
ethical standards.
They intend to raise awareness among Euronext employees 
and avoid non-compliance and reputational risks. They are 
available to Company employees on the Intranet and 
employees are required to participate in mandatory 
compliance trainings. 
The nine Corporate Compliance policies are: 
■ Anti-fraud policy; 
■ Anti-bribery policy; 
■ Gift, business meals and business entertainment 
policy;
■ Anti-money laundering and sanctions policy; 
■ Whistleblower policy;
■ Confidential and inside information policy; 
■ Conflicts of interests policy; 
■ Personal trading policy; 
■ Policy preventing insider training on Euronext N.V. 
financial instruments;
While Euronext has developed a set of nine Corporate 
Compliance policies, it's important to note that only a subset 
of these policies are publicly available. These policies can be 
accessed in Euronext's ESG Policies and Statements.
Euronext Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Euronext's upholds to very high standards its Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics, reaffirming its commitment to 
ethical conduct and reinforcing its business integrity, by 
providing clear policies and procedures. The Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics explains the Company’s core 
values and basic ethical obligations in conducting business.
For more information on the Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics see section 2.6 -  Corporate Compliance – Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics.
Whistleblowing Programme
The Company, via its Whistleblower Policy and Procedure, 
enables all employees of the Euronext group as well as third 
parties, e.g. shareholders, former employees, job applicants 
or persons working for the Company’s suppliers, to report in 
confidence a breach or a suspected breach of any law, 
regulation, or Company policies, and protects anyone who 
reports in good faith. The policy also ensures that proper 
reporting channels and procedures for internal reporting and 
follow up are established and that employees and third parties 
who report alleged breaches in good faith are free to do so 
without fear of retaliation. The protection against retaliation 
also applies to facilitators (persons who assist a reporter), to 
persons connected with a reporter, and to officers in the 
company who conduct the investigation or receive a report.
The policy provides internal and external channels to report 
unlawful and unethical behaviours. The internal channel 
allows reporters to report alleged breaches either to the 
Compliance department, directly to their management, to the 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board under specific 
circumstances or through a third party website which allows 
anonymous reporting. Additionally, the policy includes the 
possibility making an external report by either reporting to 
competent authorities, or through a public disclosure of the 
alleged breach. 
Managers who have been notified by an employee of an 
alleged breach must promptly inform the Compliance 
Department of the content of the report. Reports of alleged 
breaches will be examined promptly by the Compliance 
Department to determine whether they actually meet the 
provisions of the Policy and should be investigated. The 
Compliance Department will also assess the risk linked with 
the report. Without prejudice to the confidentiality provisions 
of the Policy, the Compliance Department may involve 
officers and staff of the Company as well as external advisors 
or institutions in the assessment and investigation of the 
report. Alleged breaches regarding accounting and auditing 
matters will be investigated by the Compliance Department 
under the direction and oversight of the company's Audit 
Committee. Alleged breaches related to a member of the 
Managing Board of Euronext may also be reported directly to 
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory 
Board will follow up on the report in accordance with the 
Whistleblower Policy.
The Whistleblower Policy is available on Euronext Website 14 
and on the Euronext Intranet and employees are informed on 
the mechanisms to report unlawful and unethical acts and 
behaviours.
Euronext tracks the number of whistleblowing cases reported 
each year (KPI n°8). In 2023, no whistleblower reports have 
been received .
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 113
14  https://www.euronext.com/fr/node/721

Page 116:
Whistleblowing Policy 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Use of the Whistleblowing 
mechanism 0 3 2 0 0
Data Protection 
Euronext is strongly committed to protect the personal data 
and uphold the right to privacy as provided by GDPR and any 
national implementing laws and regulations of the GDPR. 
Euronext has adopted a set of internal policies/procedures 
and internal/public notices/statements.
These processes are circulated to employees through a global 
training specifically designed by and for Euronext and in-
depth training for specific functions more exposed to certain 
risks. Staff training and awareness sessions are conducted 
regularly in all company locations to promote GDPR 
compliance. Each new employee is trained shortly after 
joining.
Euronext maintains all the organisational and technical 
measures put in place to ensure the protection of privacy. 
Among all these organisational measures, the highlight are :
■ The use of an IT tool dedicated to the GDPR, 
OneTrust, which automates the processing register;
■ The use of an IT tool for monitoring and assessing 
the risks of personal data breaches as well as for 
carrying out impact analyses relating to data 
protection (carried out for any new project or 
supplier), Jira;
■ The designation of “Business Data Owners” within 
each department whose role is to ensure the link 
between the department concerned and the Data 
Protection Officer (DPD) on the one hand and 
InfoSec and Data Management Office on the other 
hand;
■ The setting up of several tools by the InfoSec 
department to classify or supervise access to data;
■ Internal and external monitoring programme in order 
to assess the GDPR compliance of its businesses 
and vendors.
Finally, governance around data in general and personal data 
in particular has been maintained within the group as well as 
monthly reporting to the Data Governance Steering 
Committee.
In that context, Euronext tracks two key indicators:
GDPR training for newly joined employees (KPI n°9)
GDPR training 2023 2022 2021 2020
Staff assigned to the training 
(new joinersa)
325 328 201 266
Staff completing the training 
(new joiners)
317 270 90 189
Percentage of assigned 
employees trained (%)
97.5 82 43 71
a)  New joiners still in Euronext as of 31.01.2024.
The KPI includes only permanent and fixed-term contracts, 
and excludes new joiners who are experiencing long term 
absences. In 2023, the scope of this KPI has expanded to 
include all new joiners from Borsa Italiana and Nordpool. This 
training is carried out through Euronext Academy which keep 
track of the achievement of this by the employees. Other 
more specific awareness-raising / training campaigns are 
carried out in parallel either physically (with the signing of an 
attendance sheet), or through distribution by email or 
publication on the intranet on more specific or more in-depth 
subjects.
Personal Data breaches (KPI n°10)
The number of personal data breaches is the number of 
security breaches leading to the accidental or unlawful 
destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or 
access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise 
processed.
The analysis and risk assessments of these breaches 
conducted by the crisis team have permitted to conclude that 
2 of them shall be reported to the competent data protection 
authority.
2023 2022 2021 2020
Number Reported Number Reported Number Reported Number Reported
Personal data breach cases 13 2 7 0 10 0 3 0
Internal audit
As the third line of defence, Internal Audit has no operational 
responsibilities over the entities/processes it reviews. The 
objectivity and organisational independence of the internal 
audit function is achieved through the Head of Internal Audit 
not performing operational management functions and 
reporting directly to the Chair of the Audit Committee. 
Internal Audit also has a dotted reporting line to the CEO.
Validated by the Audit Committee at least annually, the 
internal audit plan is developed based on prioritisation of the 
audit universe using a risk-based methodology, including 
input of senior management. 
For each audit, a formal report is issued and circulated. This 
includes recommendations for corrective actions with an 
implementation plan and the comments of the auditees. 
Implementation of accepted corrective actions is 
systematically followed up, documented and reported to the 
Audit Committee.
3.4.4.2. Educate and engage with our local Community
The Euronext Foundation has been created to support the 
materialization of our Euronext purpose: "Shaping Capital 
Markets for Future Generations". Euronext's purpose 
translates into a strong will to deepen its commitment to the 
Our Society pillar. 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
114


Page 117:
The Euronext Foundation harnesses and concentrates the 
existing efforts already voted to this cause, throughout the 
various geographies of the Group, and will act as the umbrella 
that encompasses all its philanthropic and educational 
support in these areas via funding, mentorship, and dedicated 
initiatives.
The Foundation  focuses on the three key areas that already 
are part of its  ESG strategy, specifically under the Our Society 
pillar, deepening its commitment and impact on each one:
■ Financial literacy;
■ Diversity and inclusion in Finance;
■ Marine resources.
Euronext supports community activities that have a direct, 
positive and measurable impact and that are aligned to its 
corporate values. 
Through training, volunteering, charitable activities, and 
thought leadership, Euronext employees contribute in three 
main areas that are relevant to its business: 
■ Financial Literacy: Euronext seeks to improve the 
financial knowledge, skills, and attitudes of young 
Europeans while giving unique mentoring 
opportunities to its own employees.
■ The Blue Economy: Euronext’s goal is to be a leader 
in advancing the Blue Economy in order to mitigate 
this development, address the threats to the 
oceans, and contribute to enhanced ocean and 
coastal resilience.
■ Climate change: Euronext is conscious of the 
challenges linked to climate change, the need to 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and to manage 
natural resources.
In 2023, Euronext introduced a new policy that allows 
employees to benefit from two paid volunteering days per 
year to engage in charity and community work through the 
organisations supported by the Euronext Foundation. 
The Blue Challenge
Euronext has a partnership with Junior Achievement to 
inspire students aged 16 to 18 about sustainable finance whilst 
helping them develop core job skills such as teamwork, 
problem solving, presentation, and entrepreneurial skills. 
With its partnership, Euronext intends to boost financial 
literacy and encourage innovation to limit Climate Change and 
to foster the Blue Economy amongst young entrepreneurs in 
nine countries. Taking the form of a competition that involves 
a series of activities including two webinars, one on financial 
literacy and one on blue economy, the challenge culminates in 
a final competition at European level on the United Nations 
World Oceans Day.
In 2023, over 70 Euronext employees across 9 countries 
volunteered to become mentors for the third edition, with 
over 250 students benefitting from their mentoring.
Coastal clean-up
Being the first exchange signatory of the UNGC Sustainable 
Ocean Principles, the conservation of the oceans, seas and 
marine resources is a sustainable goal that is embraced by 
Euronext. 
Each year, Euronext volunteers engage during a week in the 
water-front clean-up initiatives, in celebration of the 
International Coastal Clean-Up Day and the European 
Sustainable Development Week. In 2023, over 200 Euronext 
employees from across 14 different places in Europe walked 
miles alongside the water's edge, filling dozens of bags with 
trash, preventing it to end in the ocean.
Financial literacy initiatives
Location Activity
Brussels Employees contributed to several financial education 
events and webinars, including courses at the 
University or to secondary school students and several 
slots on financial radio channel LN24.
London Woodhouse College students visited Euronext offices 
where they learned about Euronext and the Financial 
Services industry. The college serves as a bridge 
between school and university, fostering students' 
confidence and independent learning skills.
Milan Educational activities with Starting Finance (Italian 
start-up for financial literacy).
Portugal A partnership with JA to promote financial literacy for 
all school age students.
Amsterdam A volunteering program with AEX Experience and 
Dutch Central Bank Volunteering for young students to 
be tour guides at the Amsterdam exchange and at the 
Central Bank where Euronext employees will be their 
tour guides. 
Paris L'Ecole de la Bourse, France is a long-standing partner 
of Euronext, based in its premises in Paris. They 
specialise in financial education and aim to train retail 
investors in stock market activities.
Charitable activities
In addition to educational and societal initiatives, several 
Euronext locations provided support to local charities active 
in the fields supported by the Euronext Foundation, including:
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 115

Page 118:
Location Charity Activity
Belgium A Seat at the 
Table
A programme that allows diverse 
individuals to advance in society by 
offering mentoring by top businesses, 
Euronext being one.
Ireland An Cosan A programme to support women from 
marginalised communities, providing 
services, including early years 
education and care, counselling and 
family support, and community 
education, including financial literacy.
The 
Netherlands
Emma at 
Work
A mentoring programme to help 
young people with physical limitations 
develop, with the goal of finding a job.
UK The Youth 
Group
A mentoring programme for young 
people from poor socio-economic 
backgrounds, seeking employment 
within the financial sector.
Norway Styrelisten An initiative working to increase 
board room diversity by 
recommending and matching talented 
female board candidates with board 
nomination committees.
France Nos Quartiers 
ont du talent
A programme to help young graduates 
find work and apprenticeships 
through professional mentoring.
3.4.4.3 Reporting “Our Society” against the SDGs
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
116


Page 119:
SDG Targets Qualitative results Quantitative achievements
Ensure inclusive and equitable 
quality education and promote 
lifelong learning opportunities for all.
As a stock exchange, Euronext is 
committed to making a positive 
impact on its local and global 
communities and will focus 
community activities on two topics: 
Financial Literacy and Blue Finance.
Euronext Blue Challenge
Programme developed on the 
sustainable blue economy platform.
Next Challenge
Euronext has partnered with 
NextWise, a fintech company 
specialising in financial education, to 
organise an innovative 6-month 
challenge with over 2,000 university 
students. The challenge utilises an 
app that simulates a trading 
environment, leveraging real-time 
market data from Euronext, while 
providing all the information needed 
to support decision-making. The aim 
is to enhance students' 
comprehension of financial markets 
and equip them with practical trading 
skills.
London Benchmarking Group 
Framework
A few hundred students attended 
multiple workshops, seminars, and 
lectures hosted by Euronext on 
Financial literacy  impacting new 
skills development.
Over 250 students and around 70 
mentors from Euronext participated 
to the Euronext Blue Challenge 
helping students develop core job 
skills, such as teamwork, problem 
solving and entrepreneurship.
Conserve and sustainably use the 
oceans, seas and marine resources 
for sustainable development.
Water-themed ESG indices create an 
incentive for upgrading issuers’ 
water-related practices: As an 
exchange, Euronext enables 
companies active in the blue 
economy to raise capital.
Euronext Blue Challenge
Several  business ideas linked to blue 
economy were developed  by the 
students in each Euronext country.
International Coastal Cleanup Day
200 Euronext volunteers took part in 
local clean-up events in the 
framework of the International 
Coastal Cleanup Day.
Promote peaceful and inclusive 
societies for sustainable 
development, provide access to 
justice for all and build effective, 
accountable and inclusive 
institutions at all levels.
As a company, Euronext commits to 
the highest ethical and legal 
standards of conduct.
■ Zero cases of corruption; 
■ Zero cases of anti-
competition; 
■ Zero whistleblower report 
received;
■ No political donation.
Euronext respects the Corporate 
Governance Guidelines, 
Recommendations and Codes set in 
place in the Netherlands and with the 
ones set in place in the other 
Euronext locations.
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 117

Page 120:
3.4.5 Our Environment
Key Issue:
■ Reduce our own carbon footprint and contribute to the protection of the environment
KPI:
■ 11: Carbon emissions
New material topic making use of the CSRD : 
In its recent materiality assessment (see Section 3.1. - Value creation by Euronext), Euronext has identified Climate Change as a 
material ESG topic. Reporting in line with the new material topics will occur in 2024, when Euronext is aligned with the CSRD. 
3.4.5.1 Reduce Euronext's carbon footprint and 
contribute to the protection of the environment 
Fit for 1.5° is Euronext’s commitment to developing services 
and products that help its business, partners, clients and the 
European economy in general to curb the increase in global 
temperatures from pre-industrial times. The company’s goal 
is to help ensure this increase remains below the 1.5°C target, 
as set out in the Paris Agreement.
As mentioned above, Euronext has been working to prepare 
for the CSRD. In this context, in 2023 Euronext released two 
key documents that address the material impact, risks and 
opportunities posed by the Climate Change: a Group 
Environmental Policy and the first edition of its Climate 
Transition Plan. 
Euronext's Environmental Policy outlines the Group’s key 
commitments and actions to address Climate Change 
Mitigation and Adaptation. The Environmental Policy applies 
comprehensively, covering all of the company's activities and 
operations across all geographies where Euronext operates. 
It extends to Euronext's employees. The Group’s Head of ESG 
is responsible for overseeing Euronext’s Environmental 
Policy, and it has been approved by the Managing Board.
Euronext's Climate Transition Plan outlines the Group's steps 
to transition toward a low-carbon economy. This document 
provides detailed insights into how Euronext plans to achieve 
its approved SBTi decarbonization targets with specific 
actions, milestones, and timelines. An integral part of the “Fit 
For 1.5°” climate commitment involved Euronext setting 
science-based quantitative climate targets that will inform in-
house climate action efforts. The Transition Plan also sheds 
light on the Environmental Governance framework 
established by Euronext. 
Based on its activities, Euronext is not subject to any 
exclusion from the EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks in 
accordance with exclusion criteria stated in Article 12.1 (d) to 
(g) and 12.2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818 (Climate Benchmark Standards Regulation).
Setting SBTI targets
Euronext has committed to setting science-based 
quantitative climate targets by signing the “Business 
Ambition for 1.5°C”, a campaign led by the Science Based 
Targets initiative in partnership with the UN Race to Zero 
commitment. Euronext’s upgraded greenhouse gas emissions 
reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi) in February 2023:
1. By 2030, Euronext will reduce its absolute Scope 1, 
and Scope 2 emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020
2. By 2030, Euronext will reduce its scope 3 travel 
emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019
3. By 2027, Euronext suppliers, representing 72% of 
Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from 
purchased goods and services, must set targets on 
their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (KPI n°6)
The Group may, at some point of time, decide to go further in 
its effort to reduce its carbon footprint and readjust its 
targets according to the evolution of the group. Euronext also 
acknowledges that there are some existing risks not to reach 
those targets. For more information on the Group's climate 
risk analysis, see Euronext's TCFD report.
To achieve its decarbonisation targets, Euronext has 
developed a comprehensive action plan and a dedicated 
governance ("the Environmental Governance") has been put in 
place to mobilize internal actors and to facilitate the 
implementation of an integrated approach to ensure the 
targets being reached. Euronext's Environmental Governance 
involves all relevant departments (IT, Facilities, Procurement, 
ESG, Risk and Finance) and stakeholders internally with 
monthly project committee meetings and Steering 
Committee meeting at least on a quarterly basis to provide 
oversight and decision approval. For more information on the 
governance put in place, see Section 3.2. ESG Governance 
and the Sustainability Policy available on the Euronext's 
website.
The Action plan includes:
■ Enhancing, and increasing investments in energy 
efficiency within the building portfolio, and 
monitoring temperature in offices;
■ Phasing-out gas-fired boilers and decarbonizing the 
vehicle fleet;
■ Moving office spaces and data centres to renewable 
energy. This includes the move of Euronext’s Core 
Data Centre to the Aruba Data Centre near Bergamo, 
Italy. The new Core Data Centre is powered 100% by 
renewable energy sources and self-produces energy 
through solar panels and its own hydroelectric 
power stations. A huge decommission plan is under 
way and will be finalised in 2024;
■ Setting a sustainable travel programme and fixing 
carbon budget by department;
■ Engaging with Euronext's key suppliers directly and 
deploying a new supplier onboarding program, which 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
118


Page 121:
would enable Euronext to follow namely its suppliers 
engagement;
■ Training Euronext's staff through Climate 
Workshops, organised in partnership with Climate 
Fresk and Digital Fresks, to develop awareness and 
ability to act by keeping environmental impacts in 
mind, at both individual and company level. 
More details on the actions undertaken by the Group and the 
dedicated governance to achieve its SBTi targets are 
available in Euronext's TCFD report available on the Euronext 
website.
Calculation of Euronext's carbon footprint 
Euronext calculated its carbon footprint based on the Bilan 
Carbone methodology, which is the reference carbon 
inventory methodology in France, compliant with ISO 14064; 
GHG Protocol and the Directive No.2003/87/EU.
The chosen boundary of Euronext's footprint is Operational 
Control: emissions for the installations over which Euronext 
exercises control. All emissions sources relevant to 
Euronext’s activities have been included in the assessment, 
following the location based method. This method uses the 
emission factors of the energy mix from the different 
locations where the energy is provided, and does not take into 
account Euronext’s achievements in moving to Green 
electricity. Euronext's GHG emissions reduction targets were 
set in the same perimeter as for the carbon footprint 
calculation.
Euronext Group’s primary GHG emissions arise from energy 
consumption in its offices and data centres, from staff travel, 
and indirectly but mostly from its supply chain (purchase of 
goods and services, Scope 3). Euronext has a direct grip only 
on Scope 1, Scope 2 and travels. Euronext reports only on 
relevant and material Scope 3 emission categories. For 
example, it does not report on financed emissions (Category 
15 of Scope 3 GHG emissions as defined by GHG Protocol) as 
its business model does not involve investment activities 
such as loans, equity investments, and underwriting.  More 
details can be found in the TCFD Report. 
In 2023, Euronext's teams concentrated their efforts to 
improve the granularity of the Group's data centres-related 
GHG emissions assessment and developed a new 
methodology with the help of Carbone 4. This more granular 
methodology, whereby the carbon footprint of cloud services 
is deduced from the details of the invoices for each service 
from each supplier, and emission from physical data centers 
are adapted to Euronext's ownership (servers are currently 
owned by Euronext and installed in rented buildings), new 
acquisitions (purchases, rentals, etc) and the Power Usage 
Efficiency (PUE) at the various sites, was successfully 
implemented in the carbon footprint calculator tool used by 
Euronext and will enable a more accurate calculation of GHG 
emissions linked to the data centers.
To allow comparison, figures of 2022 have been recalculated 
based on the new methodology.
The new results of the carbon footprint calculation for 2022 
are the following:
■ Total emissions: 44,048 tCO 2 compared to 41,042 
tCO2 with the spend methodology. The increase of 
7.3% is mainly due to an increase in the scope 3.
■ Scope 1: 336 tCO 2 compared to 341 tCO 2, the new 
methodology hardly impacting scope 1. Originally 
Scope 1 accounted for refrigerant gas leaks from air 
conditioning systems. However, Euronext identified 
that emissions emitted by data centers buildings 
belonging to external providers should be  
categorized under scope 3, rather than scope 1 
because they occur off-site;
■ Scope 2 (location-based): 6,413 tCO 2 compared to 
6,346 tCO 2, the new methodology hardly impacting 
scope 2;
■ Scope 2 (market-based): 680 tCO 2 compared to 296 
tCO2. This large increase can be explained by the 
fact that Euronext's calculation for 2022 Scope 2 
emissions (market-based) underwent some 
adjustments due to inaccuracies in its electricity 
consumption data. Rectifying these errors ensures a 
more precise evaluation of the group's 
environmental impact, reflecting its commitment to 
transparency.
■ Scope 3: 37,300 tCO 2 compared to 34,355 tCO 2. The 
increase of 8.5% is due to the fact that data centers 
accounted in scope 3 has risen from 10 to 14. 
Moreover, additional categories of equipments are 
now taken into account, for example, electricity 
consumed by air conditioning is now based on 
electricity consumption and Power Usage Efficiency 
(PUE), which was not the case in the past. 
Euronext's Carbon footprint in 2023
The results of the carbon footprint calculation for 2023 are as 
follows and are compared to the results of 2022 recalculated 
with the new methodology:
■ Scope 1: 355 tCO2, showing an increase of 5.9% 
compared to the previous year;
■ Scope 2 (location-based): 6,359 tCO2, showing  a 
small decrease of 0.8% compared to the previous 
year;
■ Scope 2 (market based): 372 tCO2 compared to 680 
tCO2 in the previous year, representing a decrease 
of 45.3%;
■ Scope 3: 42,660 tCO2, indicating an increase of 
14.4% compared to 2022.
As a reminder, in 2022 and partially in 2023 Euronext had a 
double-run of the new Core Data Centre in Bergamo, Italy, and 
previous data centres, for a transitional period. Moreover, 
colocation services are now provided directly by Euronext to 
its clients in the Bergamo data centre since the migration.  
This has impacted both scopes 1 and 2 emissions. In addition, 
the growth of scope 1 emissions is partially attributed to an 
increase in total domestic fuel oil consumption in Euronext's 
Milan facilities due to increased testing and use of emergency 
power generators. Additionally, there was an increase of 
Scope 1 mobility emissions due to a 6% increase in staff 
numbers in 2023 (including both permanent and trainee 
employees) compared to 2022. Moreover, new hires, 
particularly in Italy and India, live further from the office, 
contributing to the increase.
The decrease in scope 2 emissions on a market-based basis is 
attributed to the transition to Green energy. In 2023, Euronext 
continued its efforts to expand the use of green energy in its 
portfolio of buildings. The number of buildings with certified 
energy performance by qualified entities also increased. 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 119

Page 122:
Additionally, tenants occupying some of the buildings 
committed to making the necessary investments to 
guarantee energy efficiency certifications.
Scope 3 emissions are mainly linked to the purchase of goods 
and services. The increase in scope 3 emissions, compared to 
2022, is linked to higher spending in some categories and the 
increase in scope to include recent acquisitions. To mitigate 
this, and further increases in the future, Euronext has 
initiated a "Supplier engagement program". This programme 
will focus on identifying vendors in the Group’s supply chain 
that have not made commitments to carbon reductions. 
Euronext will offer training and incentives to encourage a 
change in behaviour. In addition, Euronext will benchmark 
itself against competitors and other industry leaders in best 
practices for scope 3 greenhouse gas management. 
Additionally, Euronext has implemented  a Data Centers 
Consolidation Strategy that aims to reduce the overall 
physical and carbon footprints of the Group by 2028. Major 
milestones were achieved in 2023, including the 
decommissioning of Basildon and Oslo primary Data Center, 
and MTS secondary Data Center. This strategy also involves 
running Euronext operations on green Data Centers and 
utilizing the latest generation of infrastructure devices, which 
will result in a lower environmental impact.
Moreover, recycling electronic devices is a crucial step 
towards a more sustainable future. It reduces the 
environmental impact of e-waste, conserves resources, and 
promotes a circular economy. Aware of the importance of 
reducing electronic waste, Euronext has ensured that 
obsolete equipment is properly recycled. In 2023, recycling 
contributed to a 515 tons reduction in carbon emissions.
More information on Euronext's carbon footprint can be found 
in the TCFD report available on the Euronext webpage.
SBTi progression towards  SBTI targets 
In terms of its three SBTi targets, Euronext's progressed well 
in 2023.
Scope 1 and scope 2 have decreased by 79% (vs 70.5% in 
2022) in market-based compared to the base year 2020. The 
main driver of this decrease is the switch to green electricity 
in the majority of the buildings and the migration of the Core 
Data Centre to the Aruba Data centre powered 100% by 
renewable energy sources and self-produces energy through 
solar panels and its own hydroelectric power stations. 
Scope 3 travel emissions have decreased by 37.6% compared 
to the base year 2019.  Those numbers show that the 
resumption of travels is taking place gradually and is not yet 
at the same level as pre Covid.  So results linked to business 
travels may increase again in the coming years.  Euronext 
continues to closely monitor them namely by introducing an 
internal carbon budget in order to continue to comply with the 
agreed targets.
Scope incl. categories 2023 Base 
year
2023 vs base 
year
Scope 1 tCO2 
(base year 2020) 355 346
Scope 2 tCO2 market-based 
(base year 2020) 372 3,062
 SBTi target  scope 1 + scope 2 
(market based - base year 2020) 727 3,442 (79)%
 SBTI target scope 3 travel 
emissions  (base year 2019) 2,082 3,336 (38)%
Finally on the suppliers engagement, 51 of the 160 vendors 
(32%) representing over 72% of the emissions derived from 
purchased goods and services, have fixed SBTi targets at the 
end of December 2023.
2023 2022
Percentage of suppliers 
with SBTi set reduction 
targets on Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions (%) 
 32 20
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
120


Page 123:
Further details on Euronext's carbon footprint 
(in tCO2) 2023 2022 (Restated) 2022 2021
Scope 1
Scope 1 355.0 336.0 341.0 380.0
Scope 2
Scope 2 (Location-based)  6,359.0  6,413.0 6346.0 4280.0
Scope 2 (Market-based) 372.0 680.0 296 796.0
Scope 2 Buildings (Market-based) 371.7 602.0 20 594.0
Scope 2 Data Centers (Market-based) 0.3 78.0 276 202.0
Scope 1 + Scope 2 (market based) 727.0  1,016.0 637.0 1176.0
Scope 3
Scope 3 (Business Travel)  2,082.0  1,407.0 1407 581.0
Scope 3 (Waste generated in Operations) 12.8  10.0 9 6.0
Total Scope 3  42,660.0  37,300.0  34,355.0  37,680.0 
Total carbon footprint
Total Emissions  49,375.0  44,048.0  41,042.0  42,340.0 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 121

Page 124:
3.4.5.2 Reporting “Our Environment" against the SDGs
SDG Objectives Qualitative Quantitative
Take urgent action to combat 
climate change and its impacts.
As a company, Euronext can 
contribute to the global and national 
challenges of climate change.
Euronext’s science-based 
quantitative climate targets have 
been validated by SBTi in February 
2023.
■ 49,375tCO2
■ Scope 1  355 tCO2 
■ Scope 2   6,359 tCO2 
■ Scope 3   42,660 tCO2
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
122


Page 125:
3.5 Summary of ESG KPI
1. Number of serious incidents on the regulated markets reported to the College of Regulators 
2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Serious Incidents reported to the College of 
Regulators 5 7 6 14 11
2. Number of operational alerts treated by EMS
Number of operational alerts 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Euronext cash regulated markets  52,936  59,719  47,995  99,409  44,046 
Borsa Italiana cash regulated markets  38,974 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Euronext derivatives regulated markets  185,677  505,522  458,626  1,195,733  427,535 
3. Availability time of the system Optiq®  
Availability of Optiq®   2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Cash regulated markets (%) 99.98 100 99.99 99.84 100
Derivatives regulated markets (%) 100 99.98 99.94 99.9 99.95
4. Proportion of revenues linked to ESG products and services in the global revenues of the Group
2023 2022 2021
Total ESG Revenues (€k)  69,874  65,390  59,352 
Total Revenues (€k)  1,474,706  1,418,809  1,298,655 
% of Total ESG Revenues on Total Revenues  4.7 %  4.6 %  4.6 %
5. Net Promoter Score
NPS 2023 2022
Debt and Equity Listing +37 +27
Market Data +32 +23
Euronext Clearing +10 +41
Euronext Securities +42 +54
Trading Members +31 +47
Corporate Services - excluding iBabs +52 +46
 iBabs +18 NA1
1 iBabs is part of Corporate Services, newly included in the scope for 2023. Its 
presented in a separate line to allow for consistent comparison year-on-year.
During the previous years, the survey consisted of short 
phone interviews with the following results:
NPS 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017
Debt and Equity Listing +24 +27 +12 +14 +9
Market Data +39 +17 +20 +3 +15
Euronext Clearing NA NA NA NA NA
Euronext Securities +33 +27 +49 +29 +47
Trading Members +18 +10 +15 +13 -15
Corporate Services NA NA NA NA NA
6. Percentage of suppliers  with SBTi set reduction targets on Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions
2023 2022
Percentage of suppliers with SBTi set 
reduction targets on Scope 1 and Scope 2 (%) 32 20
7. Percentage of women in the Senior Leadership Team
2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Number of women in the SLT (%) 34 34 34 36 33
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 123

Page 126:
8. Use of the Whistleblower mechanism
2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Use of the Whistleblower mechanism 0 3 2 0 0
9. Data Protection training by new joiners to the company (new joiners still in Euronext as of 31.01.2024)
2023 2022 2021  
comparable (a)
2021 2020
Staff assigned to the training (new joiners) 325 328 201 572 266
Staff completing the training (new joiners) 317 270 90 413 189
Percentage of total employees (%) 97.5 82 43 72 71
(a) These figures have not been assured. These figures are the adjusted numbers of 2021 to reflect the modifications of 2022 in the definition.
10. Personal Data breaches
2023 2022 2021 2020
Number Reported Number Reported Number Reported Number Reported
Personal Data Breaches 13 2 7 0 10 0 3 0
11. Carbon Footprint (location based)
2023 2022 (b) 2021 2020 
comparable15
Euronext Carbon footprint 49,375 tCO2 44,048 tCO2 42,340 tCO2 36,272 tCO2
Scope 1 355 tC02 336 tCO2 380 tCO2 346 tCO2 
Scope 2 6,359 tC02 6,413 tCO2 4,280 tCO2 
4,432 tCO2
Scope 3 42,660 tC02 37,300 tCO2 37,680 tCO2 31,494 tCO2 
(b) Figures for 2022  have not been assured.  These figures are the adjusted numbers of 2022 to reflect the more granular way to calculate the carbon footprint of data 
centers.
GLOSSARY AND REPORTING CRITERIA
As a general rule, all the entities belonging to the Euronext 
group are in the scope for non-financial information as 
described in this ESG chapter except when it is specified 
otherwise.
1. Definition of “Serious Incident” has been agreed with 
the College of Regulators and is understood a “an 
event that has caused a market to stop or an event 
that although the market is still running a material 
number of members are prevented from trading for 
a technical reason.  Such events could include, but 
not be limited to trading engine failures, market data 
dissemination issues, the calculation and/or 
publication of Official Index Values, issues with tools 
used to manage and operate the markets”.  Severity 
1 level corresponds to critical severity incidents and 
Severity 2 level corresponds to high severity 
incidents that may upgrade to a Serious Incident.  
The KPI concerns all clients and all equities, 
exchange traded funds (ETFs), warrants & 
certificates, bonds, derivatives, commodities and 
index markets. This KPI covers all the markets 
operated on the Optiq ® trading technology. This KPI 
does cover Borsa Italiana from the date of the 
migration of the Italian markets on the Optiq® 
platform.  This migration has taken place in different 
steps: Phase 1 migration of Equities and ETF in 
March 2023, so the scope of KPIs after March 2023 
includes Borsa Italiana (BITA)  in those two segments 
of Optiq - Phase 2 migration of Warrants and Fixed 
Income in September 2023, so the scope of KPIs 
after September includes BITA in 4 different 
segments of Optiq.
2. Euronext defines operational alerts as alerts that are 
automatically identified based on defined algorithms 
and followed-up by our Euronext Market Services 
(EMS) department. Examples of operational alerts 
are irregularities in price, volumes and/or market 
conditions.  Alerts help the operational teams of 
EMS to secure the smooth running of the markets. 
The type or the scope of alerts may change over 
time. The KPI is to track the number of alerts being 
been raised and processed by EMS in order to secure 
a proper running of the markets and allowing a fair 
and orderly trading meaning the alerts which have 
been raised and processed by EMS. This KPI covers 
all the markets operated on the Optiq® trading 
technology. This KPI does cover Borsa Italiana from 
the date of the migration of the Italian markets on 
the Optiq® platform.
3. Optiq® is Euronext's enhanced, multi-market trading 
platform, providing customers with maximum 
flexibility, simplified and harmonized messaging as 
well as high-performance and stability. Euronext 
aims to have the trading platform available to its 
members at least 99.99% of the time. The target is a 
platform availability between 99.9% and 100% 
overall on a yearly basis. Any Severity 1/Severity 2 
Serious Incident impact Euronext regulated markets 
which are on the Optiq ® trading platform, on trade 
reporting systems (TCS and Saturn) or impacting 
one of Euronext MTFs (platforms operated by 
Euronext but for which it is not license holder) 
focused on trading activity. This includes the 
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
124
15 These figures have not been assured

Page 127:
activities linked with the CCPs but it excludes the 
CSD part. Also excluded are Euronext FX activities 
and Technology solutions. This KPI covers all the 
markets operated on the Optiq ® trading technology. 
This KPI does cover Borsa Italiana from the date of 
the migration of the Italian markets on the Optiq® 
platform.
4. The KPI consists of calculating the percentage of 
net revenues related to ESG products and services 
offered by Euronext in all of its markets, including 
Borsa Italiana, compared to its overall revenues.Due 
to limitations of the systems, part of the ESG 
revenues have been calculated based on 
estimations. One estimated revenue is linked to pre-
migration to Optiq for Borsa Italiana. This revenue is 
mostly trading fee for Bonds & ETFs which 
represent a very small part of the overall ESG 
revenue. This estimation due to pre-migration data 
will disappear going forward. An estimation that will 
remain in the future will be connectivity fee. It is 
expected that the overall connectivity trend on 
trading is the same for the ESG trading fee. It’s a 
conservative approach and a very small part of the 
overall ESG revenue. ESG trading revenue is 
calculated by applying an average fee by product to 
the total ESG trading volumes.  The scope of the KPI 
has been slightly extended compared to 2022, to 
include the Sustainable Finance Partnership. The 
following are considered as ESG revenues:
■ ESG bonds: listing and the trading 
revenues linked to bonds admitted to 
listing/admitted to trading on all Euronext 
markets that are clearly labelled green, 
social, sustainability, sustainability-linked, 
etc… and are supported by a framework 
that is clearly aligned with recognizable 
industry standards such as the ICMA 
Principles, and by an independent external 
reviewer to verify.
■ ESG ETFs: listing and the trading revenues 
linked to ESG ETF for which the issuer has, 
in the admission form or post listing, 
confirmed the fund is ESG OR the index 
tracks an ESG index OR for which the 
Euronext ETF product team has – to the 
best of their knowledge and considering all 
publicly available information (such as 
issuer declaration, e.g. SFDR 
classifications) – determined the fund to be 
ESG.
■ ESG Funds: listing and the trading 
revenues linked to ESG Funds for which the 
issuer has, in the admission form or post 
listing, confirmed the fund either (i) 
promotes ESG characteristics or (ii) has a 
sustainable investment objective.
■ ESG indices: licencing on indices that are 
categorized as ESG in the benchmark 
statement issued according to the BMR.
■ ESG services: all the revenues generated 
by services delivered by Corporate services  
and Euronext Securities
■ Corporate Services: all the revenues 
generated by the fully-owned subsidiary of 
the Euronext Group called “Corporate 
Services” which help companies with 
innovative solutions and tailor-made 
advisory services in Governance (iBabs), 
Compliance (ComplyLog), Communication 
(Company Webcast) and Investor Relations 
(Advisory and IR Solutions).
■ Euronext Securities (CSDs): all the 
revenues generated by the various 
solutions provided by Euronext securities 
to companies to facilitate and improve the 
accessibility to their general meetings 
(AGMs & EGMs), to enable them to digitalize 
most of their governance processes, 
reduce the use of paper, reduce the 
travels, and therefore increase shareholder 
engagement.
■ The ESG revenues are also generated by 
the shareholders identification and 
shareholders register services.
■ The revenues generated by the initiative 
“Sustainable finance partnership” for which 
partners are provided with the «Borsa 
Italiana –Sustainable Finance Partner» 
Label.
5. The Net Promoter Score (NPS) indicates the 
difference between the so-called detractors and 
promoters on a scale from 1 to 10. Respondents are 
grouped as follows: "Detractors" (scores 0-6), 
"Neutral" (scores 7-8), and Promoters" (scores 9-10). 
By subtracting the percentage of detractors from 
the percentage of the promoters the NPS per brand 
is calculated. This figure can be somewhere 
between -100% and +100%. The survey has been 
conducted by an external provider IPSOS and 
concerns all kind of clients (issuers, trading 
members, market data providers, etc.) and all 
locations.The survey is performed once a year in Q3. 
The results enclosed in the URD are the results from 
the 2023 survey.  As Euronext has done over the past 
few years, it is progressively expanding the scope of 
the survey in line with the expansion of the Group. 
Only FishPool, Commcise, Elite and Technology 
Solutions have been excluded.
6. Euronext aims to have 72% of purchased goods and 
services come from suppliers who have set targets 
on their scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. This KPI is 
therefore calculated by first determining the top 
72% of Euronext's purchased goods and services, 
based on spend. This percentage this year is 
covered by Euronext's top 160 suppliers ranked by 
spend. This is in line with SBTi guidance on 
calculating scope 3 emissions using the spend 
based approach. Subsequently, we determine how 
many, out of the top 160 suppliers, have set SBTi 
targets. This KPI represents that percentage. 
7. The Senior Leadership Team (SLT) is an internal 
Executive group which is composed of senior 
managers from across the Group who are invited to 
help Euronext develop and achieve its strategic 
ambitions. The SLT is calculated annually based on 
the most recent SLT event. The composition is 
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 125

Page 128:
changing according to the strategy of the company.  
The SLT includes the Managing Board members.
8. The Company, via its Whistleblowing Policy, allows 
Employees and third parties to report in confidence 
alleged breaches of the laws or Company policies.  
The policy provides internal and external 
mechanisms. The internal mechanism allows 
employees to report alleged breaches either to the 
Compliance department or directly to the 
management or to the Chair of the Supervisory 
Board under specific circumstances, in which cases 
they must necessarily inform the Compliance 
department of the report received. The external 
mechanism is managed by the Compliance 
department per internet by a specialized provider 
and allows employees anonymous reporting. The KPI 
only concerns reported cases of whistleblowing. The 
KPI includes all the employees of the Group.
9. Data protection training by new joiners to the 
company is expressed in the total of new joiners 
assigned to this training and in the total of new 
joiners who completed the training. New joiners are 
defined as a new Euronext employee (as recorded in 
Euronext's HR system: Workday) which are still in 
Euronext as of 31st of January 2024. The KPI 
includes only permanent and fixed-term contracts, 
and excludes new joiners who are experiencing long 
term absences. All new acquisitions (100%) made by 
Euronext are integrated in these processes as well 
after harmonisation where applicable. In 2023, the 
scope of this KPI has expanded to include all new 
joiners from Borsa Italiana and Nordpool. This 
training is carried out through Euronext Academy 
which keep track of the achievement of this by the 
employees. Other more specific awareness-raising / 
training campaigns are carried out in parallel either 
physically (with the signing of an attendance sheet), 
or through distribution by email or publication on the 
intranet on more specific or more in-depth subjects. 
10. The KPI Personal data breaches concerns the total 
amount of reported data breaches in line with the 
GDPR Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the 
protection of natural persons with regard to the 
processing of Personal Data and on the free 
movement of such data (“GDPR”).  Personal Data 
Breach’ is defined as “a breach of security leading to 
the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, 
alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, 
personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise 
processed”.  This KPI includes all Euronext 
employees.
11. Euronext’s carbon footprint is calculated based on 
the Bilan Carbone methodology. The chosen 
boundary of the footprint was Operational Control: 
emissions for the installations over which Euronext 
exercises control. All emissions sources relevant to 
Euronext’s activities have been included in the 
assessment. The emission factors used are the last 
version of the ones from ADEME (French 
Environment and Energy Management Agency)  and 
other various official sources selected by Carbone 4, 
with sometimes reprocessing, except for business 
travels for which the factors are the ones defined by 
DEFRA (Department for Environment Food and Rural 
Affairs - UK). Those emissions factors are updated 
on a regular basis. The analysis covers the following 
scopes:
■ Scope 1: Direct GHG emissions occur from 
sources that are owned or controlled by the 
company, for example, emissions from 
combustion in owned or controlled boilers, 
furnaces, vehicles, etc.; emissions from 
chemical production in owned or controlled 
process equipment. 
■ Scope 2: Indirect GHG emissions from 
consumption of purchased electricity, heat 
or steam
■ Scope 3 : GHG emissions including other 
indirect emissions that occur in a 
company's value chain i.e. employee travel 
and commuting, emissions associated with 
contracted solid waste disposal and 
wastewater treatment, transportation and 
distribution (T&D), etc.
Euronext internalises the carbon footprint calculation with a 
dedicated software which automises the process.  This 
implies a more accurate and complete coverage of the carbon 
footprint. Travel data are issued from the travel agency's tool 
at the date of the booking.
In 2023, Euronext's teams concentrated their efforts to 
improve the granularity of the Group's data centres-related 
GHG emissions assessment and developed a new 
methodology with the help of Carbone 4. This more granular 
methodology, whereby the carbon footprint of cloud services 
is deduced from the details of the invoices for each service 
from each supplier, and emission from physical data centers 
are adapted to Euronext's ownership (servers are currently 
owned by Euronext and installed in rented buildings), new 
acquisitions (purchases, rentals, etc) and the Power Usage 
Efficiency (PUE) at the various sites, was successfully 
implemented in the carbon footprint calculator tool used by 
Euronext and will enable a more accurate calculation of GHG 
emissions linked to the data centers.
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
126


Page 129:
Appendix - ESG section
Appendix 1)  Taxonomy aligned-economic activities
Proportion of Turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities - disclosure covering year 2023
Economic Activities (1)
Year Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm')
Code (2)
Turnover (3)
Proportion of Turnover, 2023 
(4)
Climate Change Mitigation (5)
Climate Change Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change Mitigation (11)
Climate Change Adaptation 
(12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy (15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum Safeguards (17)
Proportion of Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) or eligible (A.2.) 
turnover, 2022 (18)
Category enabling activity (19)
Category transitional activity 
(20)
k€ % Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N % E T
A. Taxonomy-Eligible Activities
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 
0 0
Of which Enabling 0 0 E
Of which Transitional 0 0 T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
Turnover of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally 
sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) 
(A.2)
0 0
A. Turnover of Taxonomy 
eligible activities (A.1+A.2) 
0 0
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
Turnover of Taxonomy non-eligible activities 1,474,707 100
TOTAL 1,474,707 100
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 127

Page 130:
Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities - disclosure covering year 2023
Economic Activities (1)
Year Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm')
Code(2)
CapEx (3)
Proportion of CapEx, 2023 (4)
Climate Change Mitigation (5)
Climate Change Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change Mitigation (11)
Climate Change Adaptation 
(12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy (15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum Safeguards (17)
Proportion of Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) or eligible (A.2.) 
CapEx, 2022 (18)
Category enabling activity (19)
Category transitional activity 
(20)
k€ % Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N % E T
A. Taxonomy-Eligible Activities
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-
aligned) 
Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy 
technologies CCM - 7.6 51 0.04 Y N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL Y Y Y Y Y Y 0.22 E
CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 51 0.04 0.04 0 0 0 0 0 Y Y Y Y Y Y 0.22
Of which Enabling 51 0.04 0.04 0 0 0 0 0 Y Y Y Y Y Y 0.22 E
Of which Transitional 0 0 0 Y Y Y Y Y Y 0 T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
Renovation of existing buildings CCM - 7.2 0 0 EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 7.65
Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency 
equipment CCM - 7.3 116 0.09 EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0
Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy 
technologies CCM - 7.6 0 0 EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0
CapEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 116 0.09 0.09 0 0 0 0 0 7.65
A. CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2) 166 0.13 0.13 0 0 0 0 0 7.87
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
CapEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities 130,187 99.87
TOTAL 130,353 100
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
128


Page 131:
Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities - disclosure covering year 2023
Economic Activities (1)
Year Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm')
Code (2)
OpEx (3)
Proportion of OpEx, 2023 
(4)
Climate Change Mitigation 
(5)
Climate Change Adaptation 
(6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change Mitigation 
(11)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy (15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum Safeguards (17)
Proportion of Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) or eligible 
(A.2.) OpEx, 2022 (18)
Category enabling activity 
(19)
Category transitional 
activity (20)
k€ % Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N; 
N/EL
Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N Y ; N % E T
A. Taxonomy-Eligible Activities
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)
0 0
Of which Enabling 0 0 E
Of which Transitional 0 0 T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
OpEx of Taxonomy eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)
0 0
A. OpEx of Taxonomy 
eligible activities (A.1+A.2)
0 0
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
OpEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities 858,470 100
TOTAL 858,470 100
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 129

Page 132:
Appendix 2) Summary Social data
The following tables present a comprehensive overview of "Our People" data as of end of December 2023, encompassing various 
dimensions such as work contract, gender, country, diversity, mobility, training, performance, pay, and turnover.
Workforce per contract type as of 31st of December 
2023
Female Male Other Not disclosed Total
P e r m a n e n t  e m p l o y e e s   ( h e a d c o u n t ) 769 1,450 0 0 2,219
F i x e d  t e r m  e m p l o y e e s    ( h e a d c o u n t ) 43 53 0 0 96
N o n - g u a r a n t e e d  h o u r s  e m p l o y e e s    ( h e a d c o u n t ) 0 0 0 0 0
T r a i n e e s   a n d  a p p r e n t i c e s    ( h e a d c o u n t ) 94 99 0 0 193
I n t e r n a t i o n a l  g r a d u a t e  p r o g r a m m e    ( h e a d c o u n t ) 23 16 0 0 39
Full-time employees (headcount) 771 1,488 0 0 2,259
P a r t - t i m e  e m p l o y e e s    ( h e a d c o u n t ) 41 15 0 0 56
Employee headcount by gender as of 31st of December 
2023
Number of regular employees (Permanent and Fixed Term)
Male 1,503
Female 812
Other 0
Not reported 0
Total employees 2,315
Employee headcount per country as of 31st of 
December 2023
Regular employees New joiners (Regular 
employees hired)
Total Women Men Total
Italy 788 275 513 89
France 442 158 284 58
Norway 232 89 143 35
Portugal 216 69 147 76
Netherlands 185 61 124 45
Denmark 137 52 85 15
United Kingdom 78 29 49 18
Ireland 69 38 31 15
India 52 12 40 20
Others (less than 50 employees) 116 29 87 21
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
130


Page 133:
Contract type by 
region as of 31st of 
December 2023
Italy France Norway Portugal Netherlands Denmark United 
Kingdom
Ireland India Total
Number of 
employees 
(headcount)
788 442 232 216 185 137 78 69 52 2,315
Permanent 
e m p l o y e e s     
(headcount)
748 438 228 213 146 135 76 68 52 2,219
Non-guaranteed 
h o u r s  e m p l o y e e s    
(headcount)
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Fixed term 
employees   
  ( h e a d c o u n t )
40 4 4 3 39 2 2 1 0 96
Full-time 
employees 
(headcount) 
778 431 226 216 175 129 72 65 52 2,259
Part-time 
e m p l o y e e s      
(headcount)
10 11 6 0 10 8 6 4 0 56
Diversity Total Women Men
Senior Leadership Team 80 27 (34%) 53 (66%)
Nationalities represented 63 44 54
Average age 43.5 years 43.0 years 43.7 years
Average length of service 9.9 years 10.2 years 9.8 years
Share of women in all management positions (as % of total 
management positions)
31%
S h a r e  o f  w o m e n  i n  j u n i o r   m a n a g e m e n t  p o s i t i o n s  1  (as % of 
t o t a l  j u n i o r  m a n a g e m e n t  p o s i t i o n s )  
30%
Share of women in management positions in revenue-
generating functions (as % of all such managers)
35%
Share of women 35%
1 First level of management. 
Training Total Women Men
Average number of training hours per person (regular 
employees)
11 hours 12 hours 11 hours
Average number of training hours per person, in category 
“executive”
12 hours
Average number of training hours per person, in category 
“non-executive”
10 hours
Employees trained 98%
Employees trained: Up to 25 years old 93%
Employees trained: 26 to 30 years old 98%
Employees trained: 31 to 35 years old 98%
Employees trained: 36 to 40 years old 97%
Employees trained: 41 to 45 years old 99%
Employees trained: 46 to 50 years old 99%
Employees trained: 51 to 55 years old 97%
Employees trained: 56 years old and above 94%
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 131

Page 134:
Performance Total Women Men
Employees with an annual performance and career 
development discussion/form completed (excluding Nord 
Pool)
98% 99% 98%
Employees with objectives forms completed (excluding Nord 
Pool)
96% 97% 96%
Gender pay budget Salary increase dedicated to gender equality
Compensation process 2019/2020 16%
Compensation process 2020/2021 14%
Compensation process 2021/2022 13%
Compensation process 2022/2023 11%
Compensation process 2023/2024 14%
Staff turnover Total Women Men
Joiners: regular (permanent and fixed term) 
employees hired
392 149 (38%) 243 (62%)
Joiners: Up to 25 years old 84 31 53
Joiners: 26 to 30 years old 134 55 79
Joiners: 31 to 35 years old 64 26 38
Joiners: 36 to 40 years old 31 13 18
Joiners: 41 to 45 years old 33 9 24
Joiners: 46 to 50 years old 25 8 17
Joiners: 51 to 55 years old 13 3 10
Joiners: 56 years old and above 8 4 4
L e a v e r s   295 108 (37%) 187 (63%)
Attrition rate 2 8.2%
2 Voluntary employee turnover from January to end of December 2023.
Other      
Absenteeism rate 3 2.17%
3 Number of days of sickness compared to total number of available workdays. For sake of clarity, maternity/paternity leaves and long term leave of more than one year 
are not considered in this calculation.
3 Empower Sustainable Finance
132


Page 135:
 This page has been intentionally left blank
Empower Sustainable Finance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 133

Page 136:
4 Corporate Governance
134


Page 137:
4
4.1 Dutch Corporate Governance Code, 4.4 Remuneration Report of the
"Comply of Explain" Remuneration Committee
4.4.1 2023 Report
4.2 Management Structure 4.4.2 Remuneration Principles
4.2.1 General Information 4.4.3 Remuneration Components
4.2.2 Supervisory Board 4.4.4 Remuneration of the Managing Board 
4.2.3 Managing Board for 2023 and Previous Years
4.4.5 Remuneration of Supervisory
4.3 Report of the Supervisory Board Board Members
4.3.1 Meetings
4.3.2 Supervisory Board Attendance Record
4.3.3 Supervisory Board Activities
4.3.4 Board Evaluation
4.3.5 Report Audit Committee
4.3.6 Report Risk Committee
4.3.7 Report Remuneration Committee
4.3.8 Report Nomination and Governance 
Committee
4.3.9 Financial Statements
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 135

Page 138:
4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
A description of the shareholding structure of the Company is provided in section 6 “General description of the Company and its share 
capital”.
4.1 Dutch Corporate Governance Code, "Comply or 
Explain"
In 2022, the 2016 Dutch Corporate Governance Code (“Code”) 
has been reviewed and updated in consultation with affected  
parties comprising labour unions and large and listed 
companies. On 20 December 2022, the Corporate Governance 
Code 2022 was published by the Monitoring Commission 
Corporate Governance Code.  As of 1 January 2024, 
management reports for 2023 will need to account for 
compliance with the updated Code. The Code applies to 
Euronext as it has its registered office in the Netherlands and 
its shares are listed on the regulated markets of Euronext 
Amsterdam, Euronext Brussels, Euronext Lisbon and Euronext 
Paris. Dutch and English language versions of the Code are 
available at:
https://www.mccg.nl/publicaties/codes/2022/12/20/
corporate-governance-code-2022  and
https://www.mccg.nl/publicaties/codes/2022/12/20/dutch-
corporate-governance-code-2022
The Code is based on the notion that a company is a long-term 
alliance between the various stakeholders of the Company. 
Stakeholders are groups and individuals who, directly or 
indirectly, influence – or are influenced by – the attainment of 
the Company’s objectives: employees, shareholders and other 
lenders, suppliers, customers and other stakeholders. The 
Managing Board and the Supervisory Board are responsible for 
balancing these interests, generally with a view to ensuring the 
continuity of the Company and its subsidiaries, as the 
Company seeks to create sustainable long-term value. If 
stakeholders are to cooperate with the Company, they must be 
assured their interests are duly taken into consideration. Good 
entrepreneurship and effective supervision are essential 
conditions for stakeholder confidence in management and 
supervision. This includes integrity and transparency of the 
Managing Board’s actions and accountability for the 
supervision by the Supervisory Board. 
The Code is based on a “comply or explain” principle. 
Accordingly, companies are required to state the extent to 
which they comply with the principles and best practice 
provisions of the Code in the director’s report and, where it 
does not comply with them, why and to what extent it deviates.
Euronext acknowledges the importance of good Corporate 
Governance and endeavors to comply with the provisions of 
the Code. However, there are a limited number of best practice 
provisions that it currently does not comply with, as further 
explained below. The fact that Euronext is not compliant with a 
number of best practice provisions is partly related to the fact 
that Euronext is an international company supervised since its 
creation in  2000 by a College of international Regulators, 
supervising Euronext on a joint basis, which has required some 
specific features which may interfere with the specific 
provisions of the Dutch Code. Euronext is active in a number of 
European jurisdictions, each with different laws, regulations, 
best practices, codes of conduct, regulatory guidelines and 
views.
Provision of the Dutch Code regarding corporate law matters, 
that Euronext did not apply in 2023:
■ Euronext did not apply best practice provision 2.1.7, 
item  iii (“for each shareholder, or group of affiliated 
shareholders, who directly or indirectly hold more 
than ten percent of the shares in the Company, there 
is at most one Supervisory Board member who can be 
considered to be affiliated with or representing 
them”). Three members of the Supervisory Board 
namely Diana Chan, Alessandra Ferone and Olivier 
Sichel, have been proposed by Euronext’s Reference 
shareholders, who as a group acting via the 
Reference shareholders’ Agreement held 23.81% of 
Euronext’s shares on 31 December 2023. This group 
of shareholders has committed to a lock-up of their 
shares in Euronext for a certain period, and acts 
jointly in relation to certain voting matters and has 
been granted a declaration of non-objection by the 
Dutch Ministry of Finance. The background of the 
presence of three members in Euronext’s Supervisory 
Board who can be considered to be affiliated with or 
representing the Reference shareholders is related 
to the request of the Euronext College of Regulators 
at the moment of its IPO in  2014 for it to have a 
number of stable, long-term shareholders who could 
propose one third of the members of the Supervisory 
Board.
Provisions of the Dutch Code regarding the  remuneration 
policy of the Managing Board that  Euronext did not apply 
in 2023:
■ Euronext did not apply best practice provision 3.1.2 vi 
(“…Shares should be held for at least five years after 
they are awarded”). However, starting 2021 and in 
order to be aligned with Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code recommendation and to strengthen the 
alignment of the Chief Executive Officer exposure to 
the Euronext development with the shareholders’ 
exposure, the Supervisory Board   introduced to the 
Managing Board Remuneration Policy an additional 2 
years lock-up for the Chief Executive Officer 
resulting in a total five-year period from the date of 
grant and increased motivation for sustainable 
performance.
■ Euronext did not apply best practice provision 3.2.3 
(“the  remuneration in the event of dismissal should 
not exceed one year’s salary (the “fixed” remuneration 
component”). In the event of dismissal by the 
Company of a member of the Managing Board the 
4 Corporate Governance
136


Page 139:
Company has decided to align progressively all new 
Managing Board members’ contracts on the same 
basis as was decided at the time of recruitment of 
the Chair of the Managing Board in September 2015, 
and disclosed at the Shareholders’ Meeting of 27 
October 2015: the limitation to twelve months of fixed 
salary as provided in the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code has been balanced against 
governance codes and relevant best practices in the 
various other jurisdictions in which it is active. E.g. 
the French AFEP-MEDEF Corporate Governance 
Code recommendations provide for a maximum 
termination indemnity of twenty-four months 
compensation, fixed and variable remuneration. The 
termination indemnity has been limited to twice the 
annual fixed salary. Managing Board members’ 
contracts have been amended to that effect.
Provision of the Dutch Code regarding meetings with analysts 
that Euronext did not apply in 2023:
■ Euronext did not apply best practice provision 4.2.3 
(“meetings with analysts, presentations to analysts, 
presentations to investors and institutional investors 
and press conferences shall be announced in 
advance on the Company’s website and by means of 
press releases, enabling all shareholders to follow 
these meetings and presentations in real time, for 
example by means of webcasting or telephone”): 
Euronext does not always allow shareholders to 
follow meetings with analysts and institutional 
investors in real time. Euronext ensures that all 
shareholders and other parties in the financial 
markets are provided with equal and simultaneous 
information about matters that may influence the 
share price. 
4.2 MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE
4.2.1 General Information
No information on family relationships between members of 
the Supervisory Board, members of the Managing Board and 
senior staff, as well as on convictions in relation to fraudulent 
offences, bankruptcies, receiverships, liquidations, 
companies put into administration, official public sanctions 
or official public incriminations with regard to these persons 
has been included in this Universal Registration Document, as 
these matters are not applicable to these persons.
Further, up to the date of the publication of this Universal 
Registration Document, the members of the Supervisory 
Board, of the Managing Board and senior staff do not have 
potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the 
Company and private interests. In addition, there are no 
potential conflicts of interest between the duties carried out 
on behalf of the Company by members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies or any senior manager of 
the Company who is relevant to establishing that the 
Company has the appropriate expertise and experience for 
the management of the Company’s business, and their private 
interest or other duties.   
When new cases are discussed at Supervisory Board and 
Managing Board meetings, a regular conflict check is 
performed in accordance with the Conflict of Interest policy. 
Conflicted board directors, if any, will neither be allowed to 
attend nor to participate in such discussion.
The professional address of all members of the Supervisory 
Board, Managing Board and senior staff of Euronext is 
B e u r s p l e i n   5 ,  1 0 1 2  J W ,  A m s t e r d a m ,  t h e  N e t h e r l a n d s .
Statement of the Managing Board
Responsibilities for the Financial Statements and  Directors’ 
Report
In accordance with Article  5:25c(2)(c) of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht ), the Managing 
Board of Euronext hereby declares that, to the best of its 
knowledge, (i)  the Financial Statements prepared in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and 
with Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code give a true and fair 
view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or 
loss of Euronext and the enterprises included in the 
consolidation as a whole, and (ii) the directors’ report gives a 
true and fair view of the position on the balance sheet date, 
the course of events during the financial year of Euronext and 
the enterprises included in the consolidation as a whole, 
together with a description of the principal risks that 
Euronext faces.
Responsibility for this Universal Registration Document
The Managing Board declares that the information contained 
in the Universal Registration Document, including the 
Financial Statements and the directors’ report, is, to the best 
of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains 
no omission likely to affect its import. The Managing Board is 
responsible for this Universal Registration Document.
In Control Statement
Euronext’s first and second lines of defence perform their 
roles in risk assessments, evaluations of the operating 
effectiveness of controls, and reporting on risk management 
and control. The concluding results are regularly discussed at 
senior and executive management level and in the Risk 
Committee. Internal Audit, as the third line of defence, 
evaluates both the design and effectiveness of Euronext’s 
governance, risk management and control processes. Audit 
reports are discussed with risk and process owners and the 
Audit Committee. 
Based on the risk management processes, the Managing 
Board makes the following statements regarding internal risk 
management and control, taking into account Euronext’s 
strategy and risk profile.
In accordance with best practice provisions 1.4.2. and 1.4.3 of 
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, Euronext’s Managing 
Board is of the opinion that, in respect of financial reporting 
risks, the design and operation of the internal risk 
management and control system, as described in 2.3.2.2 “Risk 
management” and 2.3.2.5 “Internal control” (i)  provides a 
reasonable level of assurance that the financial reporting in 
this Universal Registration Document does not contain any 
errors of material importance, and (ii)  has worked properly 
during the financial year 2023.
As set out in section 2.2 - Mitigation Measures, Euronext has a 
robust Enterprise Risk Management Framework and 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 137

Page 140:
Governance, which allow the Managing Board to identify and 
assess the Company’s principal risks to enable strong 
decision making with regards to the execution of the stated 
strategy. On the basis hereof the Managing Board has 
assessed the risk profile and the design and operating 
effectiveness of the risk management and control systems; 
this was discussed with the Audit Committee of the 
Supervisory Board.
The Managing Board declares that, based on the current state 
of affairs including financial position and strategic prospects, 
the implementation of the Business Continuity Framework 
and the reporting process on existing or potential material 
risks, as set out under 2.2.1, this Universal Registration 
Document provides sufficient insights into any failings in the 
effectiveness of the internal risk management and control 
systems with regard to the risks as referred to in best 
practice provision 1.2.1, the aforementioned systems provide 
reasonable assurance that the financial reporting does not 
contain any material inaccuracies, based on the current state 
of affairs, it is justified that the financial reporting is prepared 
on a going concern basis, and this Universal Registration 
Document states the material risks, as referred to in best 
practice provision 1 .2.1 , and the uncertainties, to the extent 
that they are relevant to the expectation of the company’s 
continuity for the period of twelve months after the 
preparation of this Universal Registration Document.
Stéphane Boujnah,
CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board
Øivind Amundsen,
CEO of Oslo Børs
Manuel Bento,
COO
Daryl Byrne,
CEO of Euronext Dublin
Delphine d’Amarzit, 
CEO of Euronext Paris  
Simone Huis in ‘t Veld,
CEO of Euronext Amsterdam
Fabrizio Testa,
CEO of Borsa Italiana
Isabel Ucha,
CEO of Euronext Lisbon 
Benoît van den Hove,
CEO of Euronext Brussels
Availability of Documentation
The Articles of Association of Euronext, historical information 
and relevant documentation for investors and shareholders 
may be viewed on Euronext’s website in the Investor Relations 
section at www.euronext.com/en/investors.
4.2.2 Supervisory Board
Euronext has a two-tier governance structure with a 
Supervisory Board and a Managing Board. The governance 
arrangements of the Supervisory Board described in this 
section are based on, among other things, Dutch law, 
Euronext’s Articles of Association and the rules of procedures 
for the Supervisory Board. These arrangements include 
additional provisions and modifications agreed with the 
Euronext College of Regulators designed to ensure the long-
term stability and autonomy of Euronext and curb possible 
disproportionate levels of influence that large shareholders 
may have on it.
Responsibilities
The Supervisory Board is responsible for the supervision of 
the activities of the Managing Board and the supervision of 
the general course of the business of Euronext. The 
Supervisory Board may on its own initiative provide the 
Managing Board with advice and may request any information 
from the Managing Board that it deems appropriate. In 
performing their duties, the members of the Supervisory 
Board must act in the interests of Euronext and those of its 
business. The Supervisory Board is collectively responsible 
for carrying out its duties.
Appointment and Dismissal
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the 
General Meeting (i)  in accordance with a proposal of the 
Supervisory Board or (ii)  from a binding nomination to be 
drawn up by the Supervisory Board, with due observance of 
the profile ( profielschets) for the size and the composition of 
the Supervisory Board adopted by the Supervisory Board and 
reviewed annually. The profile sets out the scope and 
composition of the Supervisory Board, taking into account 
the nature of the business, its activities, and the desired 
expertise, experience, diversity and independence in matters 
of capital markets in general and in particular in the areas of 
finance, economics, human resources and organisation, 
information technology and data processing, legislation and 
regulation, legal matters and compliance.
The Articles of Association of Euronext provide that each 
member of the Supervisory Board is appointed for a maximum 
period of four years provided that unless such member of the 
Supervisory Board has resigned or is removed at an earlier 
date or unless otherwise specified in the relevant proposal for 
appointment, his or her term of office shall ultimately lapse 
immediately after the day of the first General Meeting to be 
held during the fourth year after the year of his or her 
appointment. An appointment can be renewed for a term of 
up to four years at a time.
The General Meeting may suspend or dismiss a member of the 
Supervisory Board at all times. The Supervisory Board can 
make a proposal for the suspension or dismissal of a member 
of the Supervisory Board. If the suspension or dismissal 
occurs in accordance with a proposal thereto by the 
Supervisory Board, a resolution of the General Meeting for 
suspension or dismissal of a member of the Supervisory 
Board requires an absolute majority of the votes cast. 
However, such resolution of the General Meeting requires a 
majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast representing 
more than one third of the outstanding and issued share 
capital, if the suspension or dismissal does not occur in 
accordance with a proposal by the Supervisory Board.
Meetings and Decision-Making
The Articles of Association provide that the Supervisory 
Board shall adopt resolutions by an absolute majority of the 
votes cast. Each member of the Supervisory Board has one 
4 Corporate Governance
138


Page 141:
vote. In the event of a tie of votes, the Chair of the 
Supervisory Board has a casting vote.
A member of the Supervisory Board may not participate in the 
deliberation and the decision-making process of the 
Supervisory Board if it concerns a subject in which this 
member of the Supervisory Board has a direct or indirect 
personal interest which conflicts with the interest of 
Euronext and its business enterprise. In such event, the other 
members of the Supervisory Board shall be authorised to 
adopt the resolution. If all members of the Supervisory Board 
have a conflict of interest as indicated, the resolution shall 
nevertheless be adopted by the Supervisory Board, 
notwithstanding the conflicts of interest. In  2023, no 
transactions have taken place in which members of the 
Managing Board and Supervisory Board were conflicted.
Members of the Supervisory Board
The Articles of Association provide that the number of 
members of the Supervisory Board will be determined by the 
Supervisory Board and will consist of at least three members. 
Only natural persons can be members of the Supervisory 
Board. In the event of a vacancy, the Supervisory Board 
continues to be validly constituted by the remaining member 
or members of the Supervisory Board.
As per 1 January 2023, the Supervisory Board was composed 
of Piero Novelli, Dick Suimers, Diana Chan, Rika Coppens, 
Alessandra Ferone, Manuel Ferreira da Silva, Padraic 
O’Connor, Nathalie Rachou, Olivier Sichel and Morten 
Thorsrud.
The Chair of the Supervisory Board, Piero Novelli, is not a 
former member of the Managing Board of the company and is 
independent within the meaning of best practice provision 
2.1.8 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.
Euronext has assessed that the re-appointments to the 
Supervisory Board in  2023 are in compliance with the 
requirements as included in art. 5:29a of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act “Wet op het financieel toezicht” regarding the 
maximum number of Supervisory Board positions.
The Supervisory Board consisted of ten members as at 
31 December 2023 and was composed as follows:
Piero Novelli 
Piero Novelli is the Chair of the Supervisory Board, chairs the 
Nomination and Governance Committee and is a member of 
the Remuneration Committee. He was appointed to the 
S u p e r v i s o r y  B o a r d  i n   2 0 2 1 .   
Mr Novelli has been Co-President of the Investment Bank of 
UBS and a member of UBS Group Executive Board since 
October 2018. He was appointed Co-Executive Chairman of 
Global Investment Banking in 2017 and in 2016 became sole 
Global Head of Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A). Mr Novelli was 
a member of the UBS Deutschland AG Supervisory Board from 
2013 to 2016. Mr Novelli rejoined UBS in 2013 as Chairman of 
Global M&A and Group Managing Director. From 2011 to 2012, 
he was Global Co-Head of M&A at Nomura, having worked as 
Global Head of M&A at UBS between 2004 and 2009. Before 
that he worked for Merrill Lynch and held the position of Head 
of European M&A and Head of European Industrials. Over the 
course of his 27-year career in investment banking, Mr Novelli 
has advised corporate boards on many large and complex 
M&A transactions across all sectors and geographic areas. He 
is a senior lecturer at the MIT Sloan School of Management 
and at Imperial College London.
Mr Novelli holds a master’s degree in management from the 
MIT Sloan School of Management and a master’s degree in 
mechanical engineering from Università degli Studi di Roma 
La Sapienza. 
Dick Sluimers
Dick Sluimers is the vice-chair of the Supervisory Board, 
chairs the Audit Committee and is a member of the Risk 
Committee. He was appointed to the Supervisory Board in 
2016. He is also the Chair of the Supervisory Board of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. 
Mr Sluimers is the former CEO of APG Group. He currently is 
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of NIBC B.V. and a 
member of the Supervisory Board of AkzoNobel N.V., as well 
as a member of the board of directors of FWD Holdings Group 
Limited. He is a senior advisor of Bank of America and 
member of the Advisory Board of Spencer Stuart Executive 
Search.
Mr Sluimers was CFO and later CEO in the management board 
of pension fund ABP from 2003 to 2008. Between 1991 and 
2003 he held various positions at the Dutch Ministry of 
Finance, most recently as Director General of the Budget. 
Prior to that he was Deputy Director General at the Ministry of 
Public Health and held senior positions at the Ministry of 
Social Affairs and the Ministry of Finance. In addition, he was 
a member of the Supervisory Boards of Fokker N.V., the 
National Investment Bank N.V., Inter Access N.V. and ABP 
Insurance N.V. He was also Trustee of the International 
Financial Reporting Standards Foundation (IFRS), a member 
of the Advisory Board of Rabobank, Chairman of the board of 
Governors of the Postgraduate Programme for Treasury 
Management at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, a member 
of the Advisory Board of Netspar and a Board member of 
Holland Financial Centre.  
He studied economics at the Erasmus University in 
Rotterdam and read politics at the University of Amsterdam 
for several years. 
Diana Chan 
Diana Chan is a member of the Supervisory Board and a 
member of the following committees: Audit Committee, 
Nomination and Governance Committee, Remuneration 
Committee and Risk Committee. She was appointed to the 
Supervisory Board in 2021. 
Ms Chan was most recently an Independent Director of 
Euroclear SA/NV. Prior to that, she was Chief Executive of 
European Central Counterparty Limited and European Central 
Counterparty N.V. (EuroCCP) from 2007 to 2018, where she 
played a leading role in transforming the industry through 
competitive clearing. She headed EuroCCP from its inception 
at the start of pan-European equities clearing to its becoming 
the largest equities CCP in Europe. By the time she left 
EuroCCP in 2018, it had become the most connected central 
counterparty for equities trades, with access to around 30 
national stock exchanges and Multilateral Trading Facilities 
where nearly 90% of equities trades are executed.  
Ms Chan has worked in the post-trade sector almost her 
entire career – gaining experience from all segments of the 
post-trade value chain, from market infrastructures to 
various intermediaries serving clients investing worldwide.  
From 2003 to 2015, she was an active member of various 
industry expert groups set up by the European Central Bank, 
European Commission and European Securities and Markets 
Authority to consult and advise on post-trade issues. She 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 139

Page 142:
contributed to the removal of complex barriers to efficient 
cross-border investment within the European Union. 
Prior to 2007, Ms Chan worked at Euroclear Operations 
Centre, JP Morgan, Bank of New York, and Citi. At these 
institutions, she had a variety of global and regional 
management roles in Europe, America and Asia, with 
responsibilities for strategy, market policy, product 
management, network management and financial control.  
Ms Chan has been a volunteer throughout her career in 
charities that alleviate hunger and poverty. While CEO of 
EuroCCP, she organised the annual Women Leaders in 
Financial Infrastructure conference to help aspiring women in 
the financial industry reach their career potential. She 
currently serves as Corporate Advisor to PAWA, a volunteer-
led charity that raises funds for grass-roots projects which 
promote inclusive and equitable quality education.  
Ms Chan was born in The People’s Republic of China and is a 
graduate of the University of Hong Kong and Harvard 
Business School.
Rika Coppens 
Rika Coppens is a member of the Supervisory Board, and was 
in 2022 a member of the Audit Committee and a member of 
the Risk Committee. As per 9 February 2023 she retired from 
both committees and became a member of the Remuneration 
Committee and the Nomination and Governance Committee.  
She was appointed to the Supervisory Board in 2021. 
Rika Coppens obtained a master’s degree in commercial 
engineering at the University of Leuven, whereafter she 
kicked off her career as audit manager at PWC and CFO at 
Bureau Van Dijk Computer Services. After that, Ms Coppens 
was CFO at Zenitel and EFR Group (currently Eurogarages), 
where she became CEO. In 2017 she moved to the HR-world as 
CEO of House of HR and Accent Jobs. Since October 2020 she 
is fully concentrating on her CEO-role at House of HR. Under 
her guidance, the group realised a strong growth strategy and 
high profitability, with a focus on specialised niche markets 
and innovative HR-applications.
Ms Coppens has gained a vast experience in international 
mergers and acquisitions, audit and finance, with a keen eye 
for innovative business development, female 
entrepreneurship and ‘human resourcefulness’. She calls 
herself ‘missionary of work’, holding a warm plea for work as 
the driving force behind wellbeing and welfare. She is a 
sought-after speaker and opinion leader in the world of 
entrepreneurship and HR. Within House of HR, Ms Coppens 
also founded the JobRoad Foundation, focusing on finding a 
job for people with a longer distance to the labour market, in 
this way advocating that work is a means to integration in 
society. In January 2023 Ms Coppens was granted the title 
manager of the year by Trends magazine in Belgium. 
Ms Coppens started in 2016 as independent director at House 
of HR, where she held the position of chair of the audit 
committee. She currently is a non-executive board member at 
Colruyt Group and chair of the Audit Committee and a non-
executive board member at La Lorraine Bakery group, both 
entities having also a strong focus on sustainability, mainly in 
saving energy in facilities, the production or transportation 
process relating to food production and retail and in 
sustainable agriculture.
Alessandra Ferone 
Alessandra Ferone is a member of the Supervisory Board, a 
member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Risk 
Committee. She was appointed to the Supervisory Board in 
2021. 
Alessandra Ferone was appointed Risk Director and Secretary 
of the Risk and Sustainability Committee at Cassa Depositi e 
Prestiti (CDP) Group, which is also in charge of assessing ESG 
risks. Ms Ferone is a Non-Executive Director at Saipem, 
where she is also a member of the Remuneration and 
Nomination Committee. From 2016 to 2019 she served as 
Chief Financial Officer for the real estate business of the CDP 
Group. Prior to that, from 2012 to 2016 she headed the Public 
Interest Financing at CDP business at CDP Group. Previously, 
she held a number of positions within CDP, Banca OPI (Intesa 
SanPaolo Group), SanPaoloIMI Private Equity, BancaIMI, 
Telecom Italia Mobile and Coopers & Lybrand. From 2017 to 
2019 she was a Non-Executive Director at SACE, the Italian 
Export Credit Agency.  
Ms Ferone holds a degree in Economics and Business (summa 
cum laude) from the University of Naples and obtained the 
chartered accountant professional qualification in Italy.  
Manuel Ferreira da Silva
Manuel Ferreira da Silva is a member of the Supervisory 
Board, and was in 2022 a member of the Remuneration 
Committee and a member of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee. As per 9 February 2023 he retired from both 
committees and became a member of the Audit Committee 
and the Risk Committee. He was appointed to the Supervisory 
Board of Euronext N.V. in 2012.
Mr  Ferreira da Silva is Vice-Chairman of the board of the 
SERRALVES Foundation, Museum of Contemporary Art. He 
served for thirty-five years as a banker at Banco BPI where he 
was executive member of the board for the last sixteen years 
and the CEO of its wholly-owned investment bank. He was a 
member and, between 2012 and 2014, Chairman of the council 
of the University of Porto School of Economics and is the 
Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Porto Business 
School. He was a member of the Audit Board of ITAÚ BBA 
E u r o p e  f r o m  2 0 1 9  t o  2 0 2 2 .  M r   F e r r e i r a  d a  S i l v a  w a s  m e m b e r  o f  
the board of the Lisbon and Porto Stock Exchanges 
between 2000 and 2001 and a member of the Advisory Board 
of the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (CMVM) 
between  2001 and 2005. Between  1980 and 1989, Mr  Ferreira 
da Silva lectured at the University of Porto School of 
Economics and spent two years as an assistant director of the 
Navy’s Centre of Operational Research. He graduated with a 
degree in Economics from the Universidade do Porto in 1980 
and holds a MBA from the Nova School of Business and 
Economics (Lisbon, 1982).
Padraic O’Connor
Padraic O’Connor is a member of the Supervisory Board, a 
member of the Nomination and Governance Committee and a 
member of the Remuneration Committee. He was appointed 
to the Supervisory Board in 2018. He previously was the Chair 
of the Irish Stock Exchange.
Mr O’Connor began his career in economic roles at the 
Department of Finance and the Central Bank of Ireland. He 
was Chief Economist at NCB Group between 1987 and 1991 
when he became Managing Director of the Group. He oversaw 
the sale of the stockbroking and corporate finance group to 
Nat West Bank, which completed in 1999. He became 
Chairman of ACC Bank in 1999 and guided its strategic 
4 Corporate Governance
140


Page 143:
reorientation and sale to Rabobank in 2002. He served on the 
Board of Rabobank Ireland from 2002 until 2016. Mr. O’Connor 
was a director of Eircom plc and Beazley plc and chaired the 
Boards of a number of asset management companies, 
including LGIM Europe Ltd and Fideuram Asset Management 
Ireland Ltd.
Mr O’Connor is a member of Chapter Zero, The Directors 
Climate Forum.
He holds primary and postgraduate degrees in Economics 
from University College Dublin.
Nathalie Rachou
Nathalie Rachou is a member of the Supervisory Board, chairs 
the Remuneration Committee and is a member of the 
Nomination and Governance Committee. She was appointed 
to the Supervisory Board in 2019.
Ms Rachou is a Non-Executive Director at Veolia 
Environnement (since 2012) and UBS Group (since 2020). In 
1999, she founded Topiary Finance Ltd, an asset management 
company based in London, of which she remained the CEO 
until its merger with Rouvier Associés in 2015. She stayed on 
at Rouvier Associés-Clartan as a Senior Advisor until 2020. 
Prior to that, from 1978 to 1999, she held a number of positions 
within Banque Indosuez and Crédit Agricole Indosuez, mostly 
in capital markets. She was a Non-Executive Director at Laird 
plc from 2016 to 2018, at Société Générale from 2008 to 2020 
and at Altran from 2012 to 2020. In 2023 she joined Fondation 
Leopold Bellan, a French NGO managing 75 medical 
establishments mostly for handicapped and dependant 
people, as a Non-Executive Director. In 2020, she was a 
founding member of Chapter Zero France, an NGO part of the 
Climate Governance Initiative. Ms Rachou has a Masters in 
Management at Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC) 
and completed an executive programme at INSEAD. 
Olivier Sichel 
Olivier Sichel is a member of the Supervisory Board. He was 
appointed to the Supervisory Board in 2021. 
Olivier Sichel is a graduate from ESSEC Business School, 
Paris Institute of Political Science (Sciences Po Paris) and an 
alumnus of the ENA (National School of Administration).  
Starting out in 1994 as a Finance Inspector in the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance, he became director of a France 
Télécom agency in 1998. In 2000, he was appointed Chairman 
and CEO of Alapage.com, a pioneering e-commerce company 
and subsidiary of Wanadoo, whose Chairman and CEO he later 
became in 2002. He then oversaw the integration of the 
French Internet access leader into the parent company, 
France Télécom, where he became Executive Director of the 
Landline & Internet Europe Division. Having made it the 
number two ADSL provider worldwide, he left the company in 
2006, after launching the triple play services with Livebox and 
VOIP.  
As a Partner of the venture capital firm Sofinnova from 2006 
to 2012, he supervised investments in innovative tech 
businesses. He particularly worked on developing diverse 
platforms and open source stakeholders. He also performed a 
range of financial transfers or IPO transactions. In 2012 he 
became Chairman and CEO of the European leader for online 
shopping guides, LeGuide.com, which he sold to Kelkoo in 
2016.  
Mindful of the oligopolistic development of the Internet, he 
has since committed to championing an open and humanistic 
European perception of the web. As such, in 2015, he founded 
the Digital New Deal Foundation, a think-tank dedicated to 
the tech sector which proposed a Digital Pact to the 
presidential election candidates. Since January 2018, he has 
been Deputy CEO of Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, 
overseeing the group’s strategic subsidiaries and holdings 
(seating on the Board of some of them including La Poste, 
Transdev, or CDC Habitat). In May 2018, he also became Head 
of CDC’s Banque des Territoires, providing financing and 
advisory to local administrations, corporates, and projects 
throughout France.
Under Mr Sichel’s leadership, Banque des Territoires has been 
playing a pivotal role in the sustainable and inclusive 
transition of the French economy. For example, since its 
creation in 2018, Banque des Territoires has financed the 
installation of over 5,700 MW of renewable energy production 
capacity, as well as the refurbishment of 100,000 social 
housing units and 165,000 public buildings.  
In addition, in 2021, Mr Sichel conducted a mission on the 
financing of energy efficiency retrofits for private housing at 
the request of the Minister of Economy and Finance and the 
Minister of Housing.
Morten Thorsrud
Morten Thorsrud is a member of the Supervisory Board, chairs 
the Risk Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee. 
He was appointed to the Supervisory Board in 2019.
Mr Thorsrud is the President and CEO of If P&C Insurance 
Company, a position he has held since 2019. He has been with 
the company in various roles since 2002. In addition, he has 
been a member of the Sampo Group Executive Committee 
since 2006, a member of the Board of Finance Norge and a 
member of the Board of Topdanmark, all since 2019, as well as 
member of the Board of Hastings Group since 2020. 
Previously, from 1996 to 2002, he was with McKinsey & 
Company, most recently as an Associate Partner. Mr Thorsrud 
has a Master of Business and Economics from the Norwegian 
School of Management.
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 141

Page 144:
The table below contains information on the members of the Supervisory Board that has not been included above (also as at 
31 December 2023).
Name Age Gender Nationality Profession Member 
since
Independent/non-
independent
End of 
current term
Piero Novelli 58 Male Italian Banker 11/05/2021 Independent 2025
Dick Sluimers 70 Male Dutch Economist 14/07/2016 Independent 2024
Diana Chan 69 Female American Director 09/09/2021 Non-independent 2025
Rika Coppens 51 Female Belgian Director/CEO 09/09/2021 Independent 2025
Alessandra Ferone 53 Female Italian Business Consultant 09/09/2021 Non-Independent 2025
Manuel Ferreira da Silva 66 Male Portuguese Director 15/03/2014 Independent 2024
Padraic O’Connor 74 Male Irish Economist 06/06/2018 Independent 2026
Nathalie Rachou 66 Female French Director 05/11/2019 Independent 2027
Olivier Sichel 56 Male French Director 09/09/2021 Non-independent 2025
Morten Thorsrud 52 Male Norwegian Director/CEO 05/11/2019 Independent 2027
Of the two members whose term of appointment ends in 2024, Dick Sluimers has been nominated for re-appointment of a third term of two years taking 
into account his continued value for the Supervisory Board and the need for continuity that is felt by its members in view of the changes in the 
Supervisory Board in 2024. Manuel Ferreira da Silva will retire from the Supervisory Board after the Annual General Meeting to be held on 15 May 2024.
Three members of the Supervisory Board, namely Diana Chan, 
Alessandra Ferone and Olivier Sichel, were proposed by the 
Company’s Reference shareholders, who as a group hold more 
than ten percent of the Company’s shares. The Company 
regards these three members of the Supervisory Board as 
non-independent within the meaning of the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code. The background of the presence of three 
non-independent members in Euronext’s Supervisory Board is 
related to the wish of Euronext College of Regulators for 
Euronext to have a number of stable, long-term shareholders.
Legislation is in place expecting Dutch large companies to 
represent at least one third of men and women on the 
supervisory board (Wet ingroeiquotum en streefcijfers). This 
bill also includes an obligation for large companies in general 
to strive for appropriate and ambitious targets for the top and 
sub top of the company. Euronext aims at representing at 
least 40% of each gender at its Supervisory Board. The new 
law will be evaluated five years after its introduction.
Euronext meets the gender diversity targets with respect to 
the Supervisory Board, as four of the ten members are 
women.
Euronext will continue to promote gender diversity within its 
Supervisory Board by taking into account all relevant 
selection criteria including, but not limited to, gender 
balance, with regard to future appointments.
During  2023, no Supervisory Board member acted as a 
delegated Supervisory Board member, nor was any 
Supervisory Board member involved in Euronext’s 
management.
There were no transactions in which there were conflicts of 
interest with the members of the Supervisory Board that were 
of material significance to Euronext and/or to any of its 
subsidiaries during the 2023 financial year.
Euronext’s Articles of Association provide for an indemnity for 
each present or former member of the Managing Board and 
each present or former member of the Supervisory Board 
against all costs, charges, losses and liabilities incurred by 
them in the proper execution of their duties or the proper 
exercise of their powers in any such capacities in the 
Company including, without limitation, any liability incurred in 
defending proceedings in which judgment is given in their 
favour or in which they are acquitted, or which are otherwise 
disposed of without a finding or admission of material breach 
of duty on their part, other than cases of willful misconduct or 
gross negligence (opzet of grove nalatigheid).
The Supervisory Board is supported by Euronext N.V.’s 
Company Secretary, Sylvia Andriessen.
Euronext N.V.’s registered address serves as the business 
address for all members of the Supervisory Board, being 
Beursplein 5, 1012 JW, Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Committees of the Supervisory Board
Audit Committee
As per 1 January 2023, the Audit Committee was composed of 
Dick Sluimers, Diana Chan, Rika Coppens, Alessandra Ferone 
and Morten Thorsrud. As per 9 February 2023, Rika Coppens 
was succeeded by Manuel Ferreira da Silva. As per 31 
December 2023, the Audit Committee was composed of Dick 
Sluimers, Diana Chan, Alessandra Ferone, Manuel Ferreira da 
Silva and Morten Thorsrud. The Audit Committee has a 
majority of independent members and has been chaired by  
Dick Sluimers throughout the year. 
Dick Sluimers, Alessandra Ferone, Manuel Ferreira da Silva 
and Morten Thorsrud are all identified as members of the 
Audit Committee having knowledge of accounting and/or 
audit of financial statements.
The Audit Committees assists the Supervisory Board in 
supervising and monitoring the Managing Board by advising 
on matters such as the compliance by Euronext with 
applicable laws and regulations, Euronext’s disclosure of 
financial information, including its accounting principles, the 
recommendation for the appointment of Euronext’s external 
auditor to the General Meeting, the recommendations from 
Euronext’s internal auditor and external auditor, and the 
review of the internal risk management and control systems 
and IT and business continuity safeguards, as well as 
technologies and security issues.
The roles and responsibilities of the Audit Committee as well 
as the composition and the manner in which it discharges its 
duties are set out in the charter of the Audit Committee 
included in the regulations of the Supervisory Board. The 
Audit Committee will meet as often as the Chair of the Audit 
Committee or a majority of the members of the Audit 
Committee deems necessary but in any event at least twice a 
year.
4 Corporate Governance
142


Page 145:
Risk Committee
As per 1 January 2023, the Risk Committee was composed of 
Morten Thorsrud, Diana Chan, Rika Coppens, Alessandra 
Ferone and Dick Sluimers. As per 9 February 2023, Rika 
Coppens was succeeded by Manuel Ferreira da Silva. As per 31 
December 2023, the Risk Committee was composed of 
Morten Thorsrud, Diana Chan, Alessandra Ferone, Manuel 
Ferreira da Silva and Dick Sluimers. The Risk Committee has 
been chaired by Morten Thorsrud throughout the year. 
The Risk Committee assists the Supervisory Board in 
supervising and monitoring the Managing Board by advising 
on matters such as the current and future risk exposures of 
the Group, reviewing and approving the Group’s risk 
management framework, monitoring its effectiveness and 
adherence to the various risk policies. The roles and 
responsibilities of the Risk Committee as well as the 
composition and the manner in which it discharges its duties 
are set out in the charter of the Risk Committee included in 
the rules of procedure of the Supervisory Board. The Risk 
Committee will meet as often as the chair of the Risk 
Committee or a majority of the members of the Risk 
Committee deems necessary but in any event at least two 
times a year. 
Nomination and Governance Committee
As per 1 January 2023, the Nomination and Governance 
Committee was composed of Piero Novelli, Diana Chan, 
Manuel Ferreira da Silva, Padraic O’Connor and Nathalie 
Rachou. As per 9 February 2023, Manuel Ferreira da Silva was 
succeeded by Rika Coppens. As per 31 December 2023, the 
Nomination and Governance Committee was composed of 
Piero Novelli, Diana Chan, Rika Coppens, Padraic O’Connor 
and Nathalie Rachou. The Nomination and Governance 
Committee has been chaired by Piero Novelli throughout the 
year.
The responsibilities of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee relating to selection and appointment include 
recommending criteria and procedures to the Supervisory 
Board for the selection of candidates to the Managing Board 
and the Supervisory Board and its Committees, identifying 
and recommending to the Supervisory Board candidates 
eligible to serve on the Managing Board and the Supervisory 
Board and its Committees, establishing and overseeing self-
assessment by the Managing Board and the Supervisory 
Board and its Committees, conducting timely succession 
planning for the CEO and the other positions of the 
Supervisory Board and the Managing Board and reviewing and 
evaluating the size, composition, function and duties of the 
Managing Board and the Supervisory Board, consistent with 
their respective needs.
The responsibilities of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee relating to governance include the supervision 
and evaluation of compliance with the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code.
The roles and responsibilities of the Nomination and 
Governance Committee as well as the composition and the 
manner in which it discharges its duties are set out in the 
charter of the Nomination and Governance Committee 
included in the regulations of the Supervisory Board. The 
Nomination and Governance Committee will meet as often as 
necessary and whenever any of its members requests a 
meeting.
Remuneration Committee
As per 1 January 2023, the Remuneration Committee was 
composed of Nathalie Rachou, Diana Chan, Manuel Ferreira da 
Silva, Piero Novelli and Padraic O’Connor. As per 9 February 
2023, Manuel Ferreira da Silva was succeeded by Rika 
Coppens As per 31 December 2023, the Remuneration 
Committee was composed of Nathalie Rachou, Diana Chan, 
Rika Coppens, Piero Novelli and Padraic O’Connor. The 
Remuneration Committee has been chaired by Nathalie 
Rachou throughout the year. 
The responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include 
analysing the possible outcomes of the variable remuneration 
components and how they may affect the remuneration of the 
members of the Managing Board, preparing proposals for the 
Supervisory Board concerning remuneration policies for the 
Managing Board to be adopted by the General Meeting, 
preparing proposals for the Supervisory Board concerning the 
terms of the service agreements and total compensation of 
the individual members of the Managing Board, preparing 
proposals for the Supervisory Board concerning the 
performance criteria and the application thereof for the 
Managing Board, preparing proposals for the Supervisory 
Board concerning the approval of any compensation plans in 
the form of share or options, reviewing the terms of 
employment and total compensation of employees directly 
reporting to the Managing Board and the total compensation 
of certain other specified employees, defined in consultation 
with the Managing Board, overseeing the total cost of the 
approved compensation programmes, preparing and 
publishing on an annual basis a report of its deliberations and 
findings and appointing any consultant in respect of 
executive remuneration.
The roles and responsibilities of the Remuneration 
Committee as well as the composition and the manner in 
which it discharges its duties are set out in the charter of the 
Remuneration Committee included in the regulations of the 
Supervisory Board. The Remuneration Committee will meet 
as often as necessary and whenever any of its members 
requests a meeting.
Other than as set out in section 2.1 - Risk Factors above and in 
accordance with provision 2.1.10 of the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code, the Supervisory Board complies with the 
requirements of independence, as set out in the best practice 
provisions 2.1.7 - 2.1.9 of the Code.
4.2.3 Managing Board
The Managing Board is responsible for the day-to-day 
management of the operations of Euronext and is supervised 
by the Supervisory Board. As described in the Articles of 
Associations, the Managing Board is required to inform or 
seek approval from the Supervisory Board depending on the 
matter. In performing their duties, the members of the 
Managing Board must act in the interest of Euronext and that 
of its business. The Managing Board, as a whole or 
represented by two of its members, is authorised to represent 
Euronext. In addition, specific authorisations to other senior 
members of staff are in place.
As per the rules of procedure of the Managing Board, the 
Managing Board consists of the Chief Executive Officer 
(“CEO”) of the Euronext group, the Chief Operating Officer 
("COO") of the Euronext Group, the Head of Global Sales and 
the CEOs of the local exchanges. The members of the 
Managing Board are appointed by the General Meeting only in 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 143

Page 146:
accordance with a proposal of the Supervisory Board or upon 
a binding nomination by the Supervisory Board. Prior to 
making a nomination, the proposed nomination must be 
submitted to the College of Regulators and the Dutch Ministry 
of Finance for approval.
The Managing Board shall adopt resolutions by an absolute 
majority of the votes cast knowing that conflicted members 
cannot participate and that the Chair of the Managing Board 
has a casting vote.
The following matters require the approval of the Supervisory 
Board:
■ issue and acquisition of shares in the capital of 
Euronext and debt instruments issued by it or of 
debt instruments issued by a limited partnership or 
general partnership of which Euronext is a fully liable 
partner;
■ application for admission of such shares to trading 
on a Regulated Market or a Multilateral Trading 
Facility as described in section  1:1 of the Dutch 
Financial Supervision Act or a similar system 
comparable to a Regulated Market or Multilateral 
Trading Facility from a state which is not a member 
state or the withdrawal of such admission;
■ a proposal to reduce the issued share capital;
■ entering into or terminating a long-term cooperation 
with a legal entity or company or as fully liable 
partner in a limited partnership or general 
partnership, if such cooperation or termination is of 
major significance to Euronext;
■ the acquisition or disposal of a participating interest 
in the capital of a company, if the participating 
interest represents an amount of at least €50 million 
or such greater amount as the Supervisory Board 
may determine from time to time and communicates 
to the Managing Board in writing;
■ other investments representing an amount of at 
least of €25  million or such greater amount as the 
Supervisory Board may determine from time to time 
and communicates to the Managing Board in writing;
■ a proposal to amend the Articles of Association;
■ a proposal to dissolve Euronext;
■ a proposal to conclude a legal merger or a legal 
demerger or to convert Euronext in another legal 
form;
■ application for bankruptcy and for suspension of 
payments;
■ termination of the employment of a considerable 
number of employees at the same time or within a 
short period of time;
■ far-reaching changes in the employment conditions 
of a significant number of employees, or far-
reaching changes in management incentive 
schemes or pension schemes;
■ the annual budget for the next financial year, 
including the underlying budgets of the Euronext 
Market Subsidiaries; and
■ proposed investments not covered by the budgets 
referred to in the preceding paragraph, including 
proposed investments submitted to the Managing 
Board by any of the local exchanges, in each case 
involving an amount greater than such amount as 
the Supervisory Board may determine from time to 
time and communicates to the Managing Board in 
writing.
Additionally, pursuant to Dutch law, resolutions of the 
Managing Board involving a major change in Euronext’s 
identity or its business require the prior approval of the 
General Meeting and the Supervisory Board, which in any case 
include:
■ the transfer of the enterprise or practically the 
whole enterprise to third parties;
■ the entering into or the termination of a long-term 
joint cooperation with another legal entity or 
company or as fully liable partner in a limited 
partnership or a general partnership if this 
cooperation or termination of such a cooperation is 
of major significance to Euronext;
■ the acquisition or disposal of a participating interest 
in the capital of a company having a value of at least 
one-third of the amount of the assets according to 
the balance sheet with explanatory notes thereto, or 
if Euronext prepares a consolidated balance sheet, 
according to such consolidated balance sheet with 
explanatory notes in the last adopted annual 
accounts.
The Rules of Procedure of the Managing Board provide that 
the Managing Board of a Euronext Market Subsidiary has the 
right to reject a resolution by the Managing Board if such 
resolution solely or principally has an impact on the exchange 
operated by such Euronext Market Subsidiary and such 
impact is material or of strategic importance for the 
Exchange operated by such Euronext Market Subsidiary. Each 
member of the Managing Board of such Euronext Market 
Subsidiary has the right to request that the item is placed on 
the agenda of the Supervisory Board of Euronext. The 
Supervisory Board shall then discuss the matter with the 
Managing Board of Euronext, and consider the arguments of 
the Managing Board of the Euronext Market Subsidiary, 
following which the Supervisory Board will take a final and 
binding decision on the matter.
Appointment and Dismissal
Members of the Managing Board are appointed by the General 
Meeting of shareholders (i) in accordance with a proposal of 
the Supervisory Board or (ii) from a binding nomination to be 
drawn up by the Supervisory Board. 
The General Meeting of shareholders may suspend or dismiss 
a member of the Managing Board at all times. Managing Board 
members may also be suspended by the Supervisory Board.
Members of the Managing Board
The table below lists the members of the Managing Board at 
31 December 2023.
4 Corporate Governance
144


Page 147:
Name Age Position Appointed on
Stéphane Boujnah 59 Group CEO 4 November 2015
Øivind Amundsen 56 CEO Oslo Børs 14 May 2020
Manuel Bento 48 COO 17 May 2023
Daryl Byrne 52 CEO Euronext Dublin 24 October 2018
Delphine d'Amarzit 50 CEO Euronext Paris 27 May 2021
Simone Huis in ‘t Veld 53 CEO Euronext Amsterdam 5 November 2019
Fabrizio Testa 55 CEO Borsa Italiana 18 May 2022
Isabel Ucha 58 CEO Euronext Lisbon 16 May 2019
Benoît van den Hove 48 CEO Euronext Brussels 1 July 2023
On 1  January 2023, the Managing Board was composed of 
Stéphane Boujnah (Chair), Øivind Amundsen, Daryl Byrne, 
Delphine d'Amarzit, Simone Huis in ‘t Veld, Fabrizio Testa, Chris 
Topple, Isabel Ucha and Vincent Van Dessel.
At the Annual General Meeting held on 17 May 2023, Manuel 
Bento was appointed to the Managing Board with immediate 
effect and Benoît van den Hove was appointed to the Managing 
Board with effect from 1 July 2023. 
Vincent Van Dessel resigned from the Managing Board with 
effect from 1 July 2023.
Chris Topple resigned from the Managing Board with effect 
from 30 October 2023. The appointment of his successor, 
Simon Gallagher, is on the agenda of the Annual General 
Meeting to be held on 15 May 2024.
All the appointments and re-appointments that occurred since 
were made for four year terms in compliance with the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code.
Euronext’s registered address serves as the business address 
for all members of the Managing Board, being Beursplein 5, 
1012 JW, Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
59
Nationality:
French
First appointment: 
2015
Second appointment: 
2019
Third appointment:
2023
Location:
Paris
Stéphane Boujnah
CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board
Previous experiences:
Head of Santander Global Banking and Markets for continental Europe
Biography:
Stéphane Boujnah has been the CEO of Euronext and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext since 2015. 
Before joining Euronext, Mr Boujnah was Head of Santander Global Banking and Markets for continental Europe. 
From 2005 to 2010, he was Managing Director at Deutsche Bank responsible for the development of the 
investment banking operations in France. Previously he founded KM5 Capital, an advisory company specialised 
in equity raising and M&A advice for venture capital funds and innovative technology companies. From 2000 to 
2002, he was Director of the European M&A team of Credit Suisse First Boston Technology Group in Palo Alto 
and London. From 1997 to 1999, Mr Boujnah was senior adviser to the French Minister for Economy, Finance and 
Industry. He began his career in 1991 as a business lawyer at Freshﬁelds.
Mr Boujnah was a member of the Commission pour la Libération de la Croissance Française established by the 
then President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2007. He is founder and Vice-President of the board of directors of the think 
tank En Temps Réel and President of the board of directors of Accentus and Insula Orchestra, a non-proﬁt 
cultural initiative.
He is also a member of the board of Borsa Italiana.
He graduated from the Institut d’Études Politiques de Paris. He holds a Master degree and a DEA in Law from La 
Sorbonne Paris, a LLM in Law from the University of Kent, and a MBA from Insead.
Other current mandates:
■ Member of the Board of Borsa Italiana
■ Vice-President of the Board of directors of the think tank En Temps Réel 
■ President of the Board of directors of Accentus and Insula Orchestra 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 145

Page 148:
Age:
56
Nationality:
Norwegian
First appointment: 
2020
Location:
Oslo
Øivind Amundsen
CEO of Oslo Børs
Previous experiences:
Executive Vice President Primary Markets and Legal Affairs on Oslo Børs
Biography:  
Mr Amundsen took up his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of Oslo Børs on 1 February 2020. 
He came to Oslo Børs in 2010 as Executive Vice President Primary Market and Legal Affairs. He has former 
positions as partner in the lawfirm Selmer working with Public Equity Capital Transactions and Executive 
Vice President Corporate Affairs in KLP. Prior to this he worked, among others, several years as lawyer in 
the legal department with Oslo Børs. Mr Amundsen is Cand. jur from the University in Bergen, Authorised 
Financial Analyst from The Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in addition to 
higher officer from the Norwegian Naval Academy.
Other current mandates:
■ Chair of the Board of Fish Pool 
■ Member of the Board of Singapore Norway Chamber of Commerce
48
Nationality:
Portuguese
First appointment: 
2023
Location:
Paris
Manuel Bento
COO
Previous experiences:
CEO of Euronext Technologies in Porto and CTO IT Transversal
Biography:  
Manuel Bento is Chief Operating Officer of Euronext. Mr Bento previously held the position of CEO of 
Euronext Technologies in Porto and CTO IT Transversal. In the last six years, he held various technology and 
operations positions and led major transformation programmes within Euronext since joining in 2016. He 
has been responsible for delivering several critical projects such as the setup of the Porto technology 
centre, the development of Euronext cyber security platform, the Core datacenter migration to Bergamo, 
Italian and Norwegian markets migration onto the Optiq® and Cash Clearing migration.
Mr Bento has an Engineering degree, an Executive MBA from I.E. and several executive education diplomas 
from HBS, Insead, Stanford GSB and MIT.
Other current mandates:
■ Member of the Board of Euronext IP & IT Holding B.V.
■ Member of the Board of Euronext Technologies S.A.S.
■ Member of the Board of Euronext Technologies Srl.
■ Member of the Board of Euronext Technologies Unipessoal Lda
■ Member of the Board of Nord Pool
Age:
52
Nationality:
Irish
First appointment: 
2018
Second appointment:
2023
Location:
Dublin
Daryl Byrne
CEO of Euronext Dublin
Previous experiences:
Chief Regulatory Officer of Euronext Dublin
Biography:
Daryl Byrne became the CEO of Euronext Dublin in 2018. He joined the Irish Stock Exchange in 2000 and has held 
a number of senior management roles. Since 2011, as Chief Regulatory Officer, he was responsible for Euronext 
Dublin’s regulatory functions and operations relating to the listing of financial instruments on Euronext Dublin’s 
markets, as well as regulatory advocacy. Mr Byrne was instrumental in the development of Euronext Dublin’s 
global markets for securities. Previously he held the position of Head of Strategy Planning and Brand. Mr Byrne 
is a member of the Advisory Group of Balance for Better Business. He participated on the ESMA Corporate 
Finance Standing Committee Consultative Working Group, the European Corporate Governance Codes 
Network, the Irish REITs Forum and the Company Law Review Group. 
Mr Byrne is a Fellow Chartered Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Business Studies degree from Trinity 
College Dublin.
Other current mandates:
■ Member of the Board of Euronext Dublin
4 Corporate Governance
146


Page 149:
Age:
50
Nationality:
French
First appointment: 
2021
Location:
Paris
Delphine d'Amarzit
CEO of Euronext Paris
Previous experiences:
Deputy CEO of Orange Bank
Biography:  
Delphine d’Amarzit is Euronext Paris CEO since 2021. She joined from Orange Bank where, as Deputy CEO 
since 2016, she was responsible for the oversight of the Operations, Finance, Risk and Compliance 
functions. Delphine d’Amarzit holds an extensive knowledge of European and French capital markets, 
notably having held senior positions within the French Treasury Department for several years with 
responsibilities for capital markets development, European financial regulation, and corporate financing. 
From 2007 to 2009, she was also in charge of financial and economic affairs at the office of the French Prime 
Minister where she participated in the definition of the public response to the financial crisis, rescue 
package and recovery plans and coordinated the action on all matters related to economic reform and 
financial services. 
Delphine d’Amarzit graduated from Institut d’Etudes Politiques de Paris, holds a Master’s degree in 
Business law from Paris I Pantheon-Sorbonne and is an alumna of the French National School of 
Administration.
Other current mandates:
■ Member of the Board of MTS
■ Member of the Board of Euroclear Holding
■ Member of the Board of Euroclear SA
■ Member of the Board of Institut Pasteur 
Age:
53
Nationality:
Dutch
First appointment: 
2019
Second appointment: 
2023
Location:
Amsterdam
Simone Huis in ‘t Veld
CEO of Euronext Amsterdam
Previous experiences:
Managing Director and Country COO of Deutsche Bank NL
Biography:
Simone Huis in ‘t Veld is CEO of Euronext Amsterdam and member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V. since 
2019. She joined Euronext from her position as Managing Director and Country COO of Deutsche Bank in the 
Netherlands. In that role she was responsible for the oversight of the Operations, Finance, Risk, Compliance, 
Legal and Regulatory Affairs functions. She holds an extensive knowledge of the European and Dutch Financial 
markets. Her previous professional experience includes over twenty-five years of senior management 
experience in the financial sector (Deutsche Bank, ABN AMRO, Rabobank), of which over fifteen years in 
Executive/Board roles in an international environment. 
She holds a Master’s degree in Sociology from the University of Amsterdam and participated in several 
(non)executive management courses (Nyenrode Business University, London Business School, Singularity 
University, among others).
Other current mandates:
■ Member of the Board of MTS
■ Member of the Board of Euronext Securities Copenhagen
■ Member of the Board of VNO-NCW
■ Member of the Advisory Panel of the Autoriteit Financiële Markten
Age:
55
Nationality:
Italian
First appointment: 
2022
Location:
Milan
Fabrizio Testa
CEO of Borsa Italiana
Previous experiences:
CEO of MTS
Biography:
Mr Testa was appointed Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of Borsa Italiana, part of the Euronext 
Group, in November 2021 and joined the Managing Board of Euronext N.V. in May 2022. His appointment as CEO 
of Borsa Italiana coincided with his return to Italy, after spending more than 20 years in London. From 2014 to 
2021 he held the position of CEO of MTS, the leading electronic market in Europe for trading fixed income 
securities. Mr Testa spent the first years of his career in the Milan and London branches of Bank of America, 
where he was part of the Treasury team responsible for trading government bonds.
Before graduating in Economics and Finance at “Bocconi” University in Milan, Mr Testa served as a second 
lieutenant in the Italian Carabinieri army.
Other current mandates:
■ Member of the Board of Euronext Holding Italia
■ Member of the Board of Borsa Italiana
■ Member of the Board of MTS
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 147

Page 150:
Age:
58
Nationality:
Portuguese
First appointment:
2019
Second appointment:
2023
Location:
Lisbon
Isabel Ucha
CEO of Euronext Lisbon
Previous experiences:
Advisor for Economic Affairs to the Portuguese Prime Minister
Biography:
Isabel Ucha is CEO of Euronext Lisbon and Member of the Board of Interbolsa (Euronext Securities Porto),
the Custody and Settlement service provider (CSD) for the Portuguese market. Having joined the Portuguese 
Stock Exchange in 2008, her previous professional experience includes several senior roles, including serving 
as Advisor for Economic Affairs to the Prime Minister, Head of Issuing and Markets at the Portuguese Treasury 
and Debt Management Agency (IGCP), and at the Portuguese securities market regulator (CMVM). Ms Ucha has 
also been an assistant lecturer at Universidade Católica, teaching different economic and financial programs 
(Economics, Corporate Finance, Economics of Finance, Economics of Regulation, European Economics, 
Portuguese Economy, Corporate Governance). 
Ms Ucha holds a degree in Economics from Universidade Católica and a Masters in Economics from 
Universidade Nova, as well as a Masters in Finance from London Business School
Other current mandates:
■ Member of the Board of Verdipapirsentralen
■ Member of the Board of Interbolsa
■ Chait of the Board of Elite
48
Nationality:
Belgian
First appointment: 
2023
Location:
Brussels
Benoît van den Hove
CEO of Euronext Brussels
Previous experiences:
Head of Listing of Euronext Brussels
Biography:
Benoît van den Hove is the CEO of Euronext Brussels since July 2023. Prior to that he was the Head of Listing of 
Euronext Brussels, since July 2018. Mr van den Hove has more than 20 years of experience in various roles in 
capital markets’ and financial markets’ roles, advising Belgian and international clients on the financing topic 
through capital markets’ transactions. Prior to joining Euronext, he spent 17 years at ING, a global Benelux bank. 
In his last role, he was the Belgian Head of the Legal Financial Markets’ team of ING as well as the Product Head 
of Capital Markets. He started his career as a lawyer at Linklaters.
Mr Van den Hove holds a Master’s Degree in Law (KULeuven) and an International Executive MBA (Louvain 
School of Management).
Other current mandates:
■ Member of the Board of Stichting Euronext Foundation
■ Member of the Board of the Belgian Corporate Governance Committee
■ Member of the Board of the Association Européenne pour le Droit Bancaire et Financier 
Senior Management
Sylvia Andriessen
Sylvia Andriessen is the General Counsel and Corporate 
Secretary of the Company. She has more than 25 years of 
experience in various international legal functions both in 
listed, private equity and privately owned companies. On 1 
September 2018 Ms Andriessen joined the Euronext group as 
Deputy General Counsel, and became General Counsel as per 
20 December 2019. Prior to joining Euronext she was the Chief 
Legal Officer of the commodity trading group Nidera, based in 
Rotterdam/Geneva, including responsibility for ESG and 
Insurance, and Deputy GC of COFCO International. Before her 
role at Nidera/COFCO, Ms Andriessen was General Counsel 
and part of the Executive Management Committee at the 
Odigeo Group based in Barcelona, and General Counsel at the 
Provimi Group based in Rotterdam. Before that during a 
period of 17 years she held various Legal and General Counsel 
positions at Unilever in Rotterdam and London, with special 
focus on Mergers and Acquisitions, Restructuring and 
Corporate Governance. 
Ms Andriessen is a member of the board of Stichting Euronext 
Foundation.
Anthony Attia 
Anthony Attia is Global Head of Derivatives and Post Trade. He 
was appointed in this position in 2023. Prior to that he was 
Global Head of Primary Markets and Post Trade from 2021 to 
2023. He served as Chair and CEO of Euronext Paris from 2014 
to 2020 while also in charge of the equity listing and post 
trade business for the Group. In addition, he has led the 
successful development of Euronext’s Optiq® trading platform 
from 2017 to 2019.
Before the IPO of Euronext in 2014, Mr Attia was a Senior Vice-
President and Chief of Staff at NYSE Euronext based in New 
York from 2009 to 2013. Areas of responsibilities included 
strategy, technology and integration. Mr Attia was Executive 
Director, Head of Business Change at NYSE Euronext from 
2007 to 2009 and Executive Director, Head of Operations 
from 2004 to 2007 at Euronext in Paris. At the creation of 
Euronext in 2000, he was the Programme Director for the 
4 Corporate Governance
148


Page 151:
integration of the French, Belgian and Dutch exchanges. Mr 
Attia began his career in the Paris stock Exchange in 1997.
Mr Attia is Chair of the Board of Euronext Clearing and Chair of 
the Board of Euronext Dublin. He is the Vice President of 
FESE, the Federation of European Securities Exchanges.
He was the Chair of the Board of Elite from 2021 to 2023. He 
also served as Board Directors at Euroclear Holding from 2019 
to 2021 and at LCH SA from 2014 to 2022.
Mr Attia holds an Engineering degree in computer science, 
applied mathematics and ﬁnance.
Camille Beudin 
Camille Beudin is Head of Diversified Services at Euronext. 
This business line includes Euronext FX, the electronic 
communication network for foreign exchange, precious metal 
and NDF trading; Nord Pool, a leading European power 
infrastructure; the agricultural commodity franchise and the 
investor services business notably Commcise, the software 
services for commission management and investment 
research valuation solutions to the buy-side, sell-side and 
independent research providers; as well as future 
diversification projects. He was appointed in this position in 
2023. Prior to that, he was Head of Strategic Development 
and Mergers & Acquisitions at Euronext. Mr Beudin joined 
Euronext in 2016 to lead the external growth and the strategic 
development of Euronext. Before joining Euronext, Mr Beudin 
spent 8 years in the investment banking industry working on 
corporate finance products such as mergers & acquisitions, 
equity capital markets advisory and structuring of ﬁnancing 
solutions. He was notably Vice President in the Investment 
Banking Division of Deutsche Bank between 2012 and 2016 
and an Associate at Royal Bank of Scotland prior to that. He 
graduated from EDHEC Business School with a Master in 
Management.
Mr Beudin is the Chair of the Board of Directors of Nord Pool, 
Euronext FX, and Commcise. He is also a director of Oslo 
Børs, Euronext Dublin and Euronext Holding Italia.
Mathieu Caron
Mathieu Caron is Group Head of Primary Markets, appointed in 
this position in November 2023 in charge of equity and debt 
listing, funds, Elite and Corporate Services. Prior to that, he 
was Head of Listing and Corporate Services since February 
2021. 
Today Euronext is the largest equity listing franchise in 
Europe with nearly 1,900 equity issuers worth €6.6 trillion in 
aggregated market capitalisation, the #1 global leading bond 
listing venue with 55,000+ bonds listed, and Corporate 
Services is our high-growth suite of leading digital and 
corporate solutions delivering best-in-class B2B solutions to 
4,800+ clients.
Mathieu Caron joined Euronext in 2010, and before joining 
Euronext he was working for large fast-paced international 
companies at Dell Technologies from 2006 to 2009, 
Accenture from 2004 to 2006 and Vivendi Universal/Canal+ 
from 2000 to 2004.
He holds a Master of IGS in Paris, attended executive 
leadership programs at INSEAD, and is a Director of Elite, 
Euronext Corporate Services, iBabs, Company Webcast and 
ComplyLog.
Aurélie Cohen
Aurélie Cohen is Chief Communications and Investor 
Relations Officer at Euronext. She was appointed to this 
position in July 2020. She manages investor relations and 
external and internal communications for the Group, and 
leads the medium-term strategic plan building process. Ms 
Cohen joined Euronext in 2017 as Head of Investor Relations. 
Prior to that, Ms Cohen was Head of Investor Relations from 
2013 to 2017 at Groupe ADP, the leading international group 
operating, designing and building Paris and international 
airports. She began her career at EY as a senior auditor from 
2009 to 2013.
Ms Cohen is a graduate of the Ecole Supérieure des Sciences 
Economiques et Commerciales (ESSEC) in Paris. 
Ms Cohen is Member of the Board of Directors of Borsa 
Italiana SPA and Member of the Board of Directors of CLIFF, 
the French investor relations association.
Pierre Davoust
Pierre Davoust is Head of Central Securities Depositories. He 
was appointed in this position in 2020. 
Prior to that, he was Head of Business Development from 
2019 to 2020. 
Before joining Euronext, Mr Davoust was Head of Markets at 
SETL, a UK-based blockchain company focusing on financial 
services, Chief Executive Officer of Iznes, a fund distribution 
platform and Non-Executive Director of ID2S, a blockchain-
based Central Securities Depository.
Prior to that, he held various positions at the French Treasury, 
and served in particular as deputy head of financial markets.
Mr Davoust holds Master’s degrees from Ecole Polytechnique, 
Ecole des Ponts ParisTech and Paris School of Economics.
Mr Davoust is the chair of the board of directors of Euronext 
Securities Copenhagen, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext 
Securities Oslo, Euronext Securities Porto.
Simon Gallagher
Simon Gallagher is CEO of Euronext London and Head of 
Global Sales. He was appointed to this position in November 
2023, subject to approval in the Annual General Meeting to be 
held on 15 May 2024. Prior to this, he held various roles within 
Euronext, most recently Head of Cash and Derivative Markets 
from 2018 and Head of Cash Equity trading from 2014. He had 
previously held various roles in Sales, Finance, Strategy within 
the group. Before joining Euronext, Mr Gallager held positions 
within the oil and gas sector. He is a CFA Charterholder and 
holds Masters Degrees in Business Administration and in 
Philosophy from the University of Birmingham, as well as a 
BSc in French and Economics from the University of Surrey. 
Mr Gallagher is a Member of the Board of Euronext Clearing, 
Oslo Børs and MTS.
The appointment of Mr Gallagher to the Managing Board is on 
the agenda of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 15 May 
2024.
Amaury Houdart
Amaury Houdart is the Chief Talent Officer of the Company. 
He leads the Human Resources function and strategic 
initiatives related to employee engagement, talent 
development, and organisational changes across Euronext. 
Mr Houdart joined Euronext in 2016.
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 149

Page 152:
Prior to joining Euronext, Mr  Houdart was Group Director of 
Human Resources and Employee Shareholding at Groupe 
Steria SCA, a leading European IT services company. In his 
earlier roles, he was Business Consulting Manager, Mergers & 
Acquisitions Director and then Human Resources Director at 
Unilog LogicaCMG, a leading international IT services 
company. Mr  Houdart graduated from Paris Dauphine 
University in International Affairs.
Daniela Melato
Daniela Melato is Head of Group Data Services and she was 
appointed in this position in November 2023. 
Prior to that, she was responsible for the Data Solutions 
business in charge of managing non-real time data assets, 
including End of Day Index data, Reference data, Corporate 
Actions, Historical Trading data as well as Quant Research and 
Analytics, with the objective to monetize proprietary data and 
create growth by diversifying the source of market data 
revenues on top of the traditional Real Time data business. In 
her role Ms Melato had also the responsibility to improve cross 
selling by accelerating creation of new data product offering 
across the Group leveraging synergies of existing data 
capabilities in product design, fast prototyping, tools and 
expertise in pricing and market data policies. 
Ms Melato has more than 20 years of experience in the market 
data industry, starting from designing the Real time Borsa 
Italiana market data business, managing sales and audit team, 
strategy planning and budget management up to become 
responsible for the London Stock Exchange Group market 
data business before joining Euronext.
Giorgio Modica
Giorgio Modica is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
He joined Euronext in 2016. His responsibilities include also 
Euronext’s ﬁnancial and corporate facilities and services. Mr 
Modica joined from BNP Paribas (Paris and Milan), where he 
was a senior Corporate Finance banker in Financial 
Institutions for nine years, holding the responsibility for the 
Stock Exchange sector globally and for the overall FIG 
markets in Italy and Spain. In over ﬁfteen years of 
international investment banking experience, Mr Modica 
covered both M&A and ECM, as well as the structuring of 
ﬁnancing solutions (equity and debt).
Since 2011, as advisor to NYSE Euronext and then Euronext, 
Mr Modica has supported the Euronext group very closely 
throughout its key milestone transactions, including the 
attempted combination with Deutsche Börse, the carve-out 
of Euronext and its subsequent IPO. Mr Modica started his 
career at the venture capitalist ﬁrm MyQube in Geneva, and 
then moved to investment banking at HSBC in Milan and MCC/
Capitalia in Rome. Mr Modica graduated cum-laude from 
Bocconi University and holds a Master in Finance from SDA 
Bocconi.
He is the Chair of Oslo Børs, the Vice-Chair of Cassa di 
Compensazione e Garanzia, and a Director of Borsa Italiana, 
Euronext Holding Italia, Monte Titoli, MTS, and Euronext FX 
Inc..
Angelo Proni
Angelo Proni is CEO of MTS SpA and EuroMTS Ltd. He was 
appointed to this position in March 2022. Prior to that, at MTS, 
he was Head of New and Domestic Markets from 2003 to 
2022, CEO of Coredeal MTS Ltd. from 2002 to 2003, Head of 
Market and Client Relations from 2000 to 2002, and Director 
of Product and Market Management from 1999 to 2000. 
Before joining MTS, Mr Proni was Marketing & Sales Executive 
at Deutsche Bank in Milan from 1996 to 1999, and Senior 
Analyst at LIFFE in London from 1992 to 1995.
He was born in Milan, grew up in London and Brussels, where 
he obtained his European Baccalaureate, before returning to 
Milan where he graduated in Economics from Bocconi 
University.
Mr Proni is Board Director of MTS SpA, EuroMTS Ltd. and MTS 
Associated Markets SA, as well as Executive Chair of MTS 
France.
Nicolas Rivard
Nicolas Rivard is the Global Head of Cash Equity and Data 
Services at Euronext. Created in November 2023, this 
business line regroups cash equity trading, colocation and 
connectivity services, Market Data, and Quant products, with 
the ambition to offer clients with enhanced and innovative 
trading and data services.
Mr Rivard was previously Head of Advanced Data services 
since 2019, and joined Euronext as Chief Innovation Officer in 
2016, after 6 years at the Boston Consulting Group where he 
worked mainly in the financial service sector. He holds an 
MBA from INSEAD and an engineering degree from Ecole 
Centrale de Paris.
Tatyana Valkova
Tatyana Valkova is Head of risk and compliance (Chief Risk 
and Compliance officer). She was appointed in this position in 
October 2023. Prior to that, she was Head of Internal Audit 
(Chief Internal Audit Executive) from 2021 to 2023. Before 
joining Euronext, Ms Valkova was Supervisor Internal Audit on 
capital market from 2011 to 2020 at Société Générale and 
Supervisor audit on asset management from 2007 to 2011 at 
PWC. She has a masters degree in economics from Université 
Paris II Pantheon Assas.
Ms Valkova is Director of Nord Pool Holding AS, Nord Pool AS 
and Nord Pool European Market Coupling Operator AS.
Diversity
In accordance with Dutch legislation (Wet ingroeiquotum en 
streefcijfers), Euronext strives for appropriate and ambitious 
diversity targets at the top and sub top. Euronext aims at 
representing at least 30% of women at its Managing Board 
and Senior Leadership Team and 40% at its Supervisory 
Board.
Euronext qualifies as a large Dutch Company and complies 
with its gender diversity targets with respect to the Managing 
Board, as three of its ten 16 members were female as at 31 
December 2023, and the Supervisory Board as 4 out of 10 
members were female as at 31 December 2023. 
Euronext complies with its gender diversity targets with 
respect to the Senior Leaders hip team in 2023 that was 
composed of 34% of women. The balance of country 
representation was the following: 39% France, 23% Italy, 9% 
the Netherlands, 6% United Kingdom, 6% Norway, 6% Ireland, 
4% Denmark, 4% Portugal, 3% Belgium and 1% United States 
of America. The average age of this group is 48 years.
4 Corporate Governance
150
16 Including Simon Gallagher, whose membership in the Managing Board is subject to regulatory and shareholder approval

Page 153:
Euronext will continue to promote diversity within its 
Managing Board by taking into account all relevant selection 
criteria including, but not limited to, gender balance, with 
regard to future appointments.
Euronext management gender diversity as of December 
2023
Managing Board
Senior Leadership 
Team
Men 7 53
Women 3 27
4.3 REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
4.3.1 Meetings
The Supervisory Board met nine times in 2023: there were 
four in-person meetings, and five meetings by 
videoconferencing. 
The Supervisory Board discussed amongst others the 
following topics: the quarterly, half year and full year results, 
the dividend proposal, the 2024 budget and forecast, the 
agendas of the General Meetings, including the nomination for 
appointments and re-appointments to the Supervisory Board 
and the Managing Board, the nomination of the external 
auditor, the strategy, the implementation of the strategy and 
the principal risks associated with it, the risk profile, cyber 
security, ESG risks and opportunities, M&A opportunities, the 
integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and the migration of 
clients to the Core Data Centre, to Euronext Clearing and to 
Optiq. It monitored the activities of the Managing Board with 
regard to creating a culture aimed at long-term value creation 
for the company and its affiliated enterprise, and with regard 
to procedures for reporting actual or suspected irregularities.
It also discussed the items that its committees reported on, 
and their deliberations and findings. Among those items were, 
in addition to the items mentioned above, the investor base, 
the share price development, the internal and external audit 
planning and reports, litigations, annual performance criteria, 
compensation programs, the evaluation and assessment of 
the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board, the 
composition of the Managing Board, the composition and 
rotation schedule of the Supervisory Board and succession 
planning.  
The personal information of the individual Supervisory Board 
members can be found in paragraph 4.2.2. 
The composition of the Supervisory Board and its committees 
is in line with the independence standards as set by articles 
2.1.7 and 2.1.9 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Diana 
Chan, Alessandra Ferone and Olivier Sichel are considered 
non-independent Supervisory Board members.
4.3.2 Supervisory Board Attendance Record
On average, 98.89% of the Supervisory Board members were 
present at the Supervisory Board meetings.
In 2023, nine Supervisory Board meetings were held.
Name Attended Absence ratio
Piero Novelli 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Dick Sluimers 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Diana Chan 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Rika Coppens 8 out of 9 meetings  11.10% 
Alessandra Ferone 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Manuel Ferreira da Silva 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Padraic O’Connor 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Nathalie Rachou 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Olivier Sichel 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Morten Thorsrud 9 out of 9 meetings  0.00% 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 151

Page 154:
In 2023, six Audit Committee meetings were held.
Name Attended Absence ratio
Dick Sluimers 6 out of 6 meetings 0.00%
Diana Chan 6 out of 6 meetings 0.00%
Rika Coppens 1 out of 1 meetings 0.00%
Alessandra Ferone 6 out of 6 meetings 0.00%
Manuel Ferreira da Silva 5 out of 5 meetings 0.00%
Morten Thorsrud 6 out of 6 meetings 0.00%
In 2023, four Risk Committee meetings were held. 
Name Attended Absence ratio
Morten Thorsrud 4 out of 4 meetings  0.00% 
Diana Chan 4 out of 4 meetings  0.00% 
Rika Coppens 1 out of 1 meetings  0.00% 
Alessandra Ferone 4 out of 4 meetings  0.00% 
Manuel Ferreira da Silva 3 out of 3 meetings  0.00% 
Dick Sluimers 4 out of 4 meetings  0.00% 
In 2023, five Nomination and Governance Committee meetings were held.
Name Attended Absence ratio
Piero Novelli 5 out of 5 meetings  0.00% 
Diana Chan 5 out of 5 meetings  0.00% 
Rika Coppens 4 out of 4 meetings  0.00% 
Manuel Ferreira da Silva 1 out of 1 meetings  0.00% 
Padraic O’Connor 5 out of 5 meetings  0.00% 
Nathalie Rachou 4 out of 5 meetings  20.00% 
In 2023, five Remuneration Committee meetings were held.
Name Attended Absence ratio
Nathalie Rachou 5 out of 5 meetings  0.00% 
Diana Chan 5 out of 5 meetings  0.00% 
Rika Coppens 4 out of 4 meetings  0.00% 
Manuel Ferreira da Silva 1 out of 1 meeting  0.00% 
Piero Novelli 5 out of 5 meetings  0.00% 
Padraic O'Connor 5 out of 5 meetings  0.00% 
Most Supervisory Board meetings were also attended by all or 
by most members of the Managing Board. In addition, several 
managers were invited to discuss specific items included on 
the Supervisory Board’s agenda.
4.3.3 Supervisory Board Activities
The Supervisory Board was informed and consulted by the 
Managing Board in almost all of its meetings on the course of 
business and the main risks and opportunities attached to it, 
including related to ESG, Euronext’s financial and operational 
performance and matters related to the Euronext’s 
governance and strategy and sustainable value creation. 
During the meetings held in  2023, the Supervisory Board 
approved among others the quarterly and semi-annual 
financial statements, the semi-annual report, the universal 
registration document for 2022, the budget for 2024, and the 
agendas of the General Meeting, including the nomination for 
appointments and re-appointments to the Supervisory Board 
and the Managing Board, the nomination of the external 
auditor, and a proposal regarding the dividend. All meetings of 
the Supervisory Board were prepared by the Chair of the 
Supervisory Board in close co-operation with the Chair of the 
Managing Board.
4.3.4 Board Evaluation
The annual evaluation of the Supervisory Board and its 
Committees relating to 2023 took place in February 2024. 
This evaluation was conducted through questionnaires, the 
results of which were compiled by the Corporate Secretary. 
The main findings and conclusions were discussed initially by 
the Nomination and Governance Committee and subsequently 
by the Supervisory Board as a whole, and centered around 
further enhancement of awareness of business performance, 
of market infrastructures and of the impact of Artificial 
4 Corporate Governance
152


Page 155:
Intelligence. The Supervisory Board had concluded that it and 
its Committees had performed well in 2023.
The topics included in the questionnaires covered, among 
other items, the performance of and interaction with the 
Managing Board, the quality of Supervisory Board meetings, 
chairing, communication, availability of information, decision 
making process, risk and crisis management, succession and 
development planning, shareholder value, the composition 
and profile of the Supervisory Board, the Committee structure 
and the competencies and expertise of its members. 
After discussing the outcomes of the questionnaires, the 
Supervisory Board concluded that the Supervisory Board; its 
Chair and its Committees and the Managing Board had 
properly discharged their responsibilities during 2023. During 
the Supervisory Board evaluation, the Supervisory Board 
further concluded that the relation and interaction with the 
Managing Board, including the flow of information, was good. 
The annual evaluation of the Extended Managing Board 
relating to 2023 took place in January 2024. This evaluation 
was conducted by an external agency. The report on the 
outcome of the evaluation was discussed by the Supervisory 
Board and by the Extended Managing Board.
The topics included covered, among other items, the 
assessment of the Managing Board dynamics, culture, 
effectiveness, the quality of the meetings, communication, 
team spirit and challenge, availability of information, decision 
making process, risk and crisis management, succession and 
development planning, the composition of the Managing 
Board, the interaction with the Supervisory Board.
After discussing the outcomes of the evaluation, the 
Extended Managing Board concluded that it had properly 
discharged its responsibilities during 2023. The Extended 
Managing Board further concluded that the relation and 
interaction with the Supervisory Board was good 
4.3.5 Report Audit Committee
At the start of 2023, the Audit Committee was composed of 
Dick Sluimers, Diana Chan, Rika Coppens, Alessandra Ferone 
and Morten Thorsrud. As per 9 February 2023, Rika Coppens 
was succeeded by Manuel Ferreira da Silva. The Audit 
Committee has been chaired by Dick Sluimers throughout the 
year. The Audit Committee has a majority of independent 
members.
The Audit Committee convened six times in  2023. These 
meetings were regularly attended by, among others, in 
addition to the members of the Audit Committee, the Chair of 
the Supervisory Board, the CEO, the CFO, the Head of Risk and 
Compliance department, the General Counsel, the Head of 
Internal Audit and the external auditors.
In addition, the Audit Committee held regular individual 
discussions with the external auditors and the Head of 
Internal Audit. The Supervisory Board was regularly informed 
about the results of these discussions. The Chair of the Audit 
Committee reported to the Supervisory Board about the 
activities of the Committee and about its meetings and 
discussions in the Supervisory Board meetings.
Among the items that were discussed by the Audit Committee 
were the annual, semi-annual and quarterly figures, the 
investor base, the share price development, the selection 
process performed in connection with the successor 
independent auditor, the internal and external audit planning 
and reports, litigations, impairment of goodwill and other 
purchased intangible assets, recognition of internally 
developed software, measurement of financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income, reliability and 
continuity of the IT environment, management letter and 
fraud risk.
4.3.6. Report Risk Committee
At the start of 2023, the Risk Committee was composed of 
Morten Thorsrud, Diana Chan, Rika Coppens, Alessandra 
Ferone and Dick Sluimers. As per 9 February 2023, Rika 
Coppens was succeeded by Manuel Ferreira da Silva. The Risk 
Committee has been chaired by Morten Thorsrud throughout 
the year.  
T h e  R i s k  C o m m i t t e e  c o n v e n e d  f o u r  t i m e s  i n   2 0 2 3 .  T h e s e  
meetings were regularly attended by, among others, in 
addition to the members of the Risk Committee, the Chair of 
the Supervisory Board, the CEO, the CFO, the COO, the Chief 
Information Security Officer (CISO), the Head of Risk and 
Compliance, the General Counsel, the Head of Internal Audit 
and the external auditors. 
The Chair of the Risk Committee reported to the Supervisory 
Board about the activities of the Committee and about its 
meetings and discussions in the Supervisory Board meetings. 
Among the items that were discussed by the Risk Committee 
were risk management, including ESG risks, the migrations 
and cyber security. 
4.3.7 Report Remuneration Committee
At the start of 2023, the Remuneration Committee was 
composed of Nathalie Rachou, Diana Chan, Manuel Ferreira da 
Silva, Piero Novelli and Padraic O’Connor. As per 9 February 
2023. Manuel Ferreira da Silva was succeeded by Rika 
Coppens The Remuneration Committee has been chaired by 
Nathalie Rachou throughout the year. The Remuneration 
C o m m i t t e e  h e l d  f i v e  m e e t i n g s  i n   2 0 2 3 ,  w h e r e  t h e  C o m m i t t e e :
■ analysed as every year the outcome of the annual 
performance criteria including the ESG related 
criteria, their impact on short term incentive, long 
term incentive and total compensation of the 
members of the Managing Board, and proposed 
subsequent decisions to the Supervisory Board; 
■ reviewed as every year the total cost of the 
approved compensation programs for all employees, 
and proposed subsequent decisions to the 
Supervisory Board;
■ in the perspective of the renewal of mandate of the 
Remuneration Policy in 2025, undertook an initial 
review of the Long Term Incentive scheme.
4.3.8 Report Nomination and Governance 
Committee
At the start of 2023, the Nomination and Governance 
Committee was composed of Piero Novelli, Diana Chan, 
Manuel Ferreira da Silva, Padraic O’Connor and Nathalie 
Rachou. As per 9 February 2023, Manuel Ferreira da Silva was 
succeeded by Rika Coppens  The Nomination and Governance 
Committee has been chaired by Piero Novelli throughout the 
year. 
The Nomination and Governance Committee met five times 
in  2023. Topics that were discussed in the Committee’s 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 153

Page 156:
meetings included the evaluation and assessment of the 
Managing Board, the evaluation and assessment of the 
Supervisory Board, the composition of the Managing Board, 
the composition and rotation schedule of the Supervisory 
Board, succession planning and recommendations with 
regard to nominations for appointment and re-appointment 
to the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board. Diversity 
and inclusion was an important element in the discussions.
4.3.9 Financial Statements
The Managing Board has prepared the 2023 Financial 
Statements and has discussed these with the Supervisory 
Board. The Financial Statements will be submitted for 
adoption at the 2024 Annual General Meeting as part of the 
Universal Registration Document.
4 Corporate Governance
154


Page 157:
4.4 REMUNERATION REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
4.4.1 2023 Report 
4.4.1.1. Statement by the Chair of the Remuneration 
Committee 
Nathalie Rachou, Chair of the Remuneration Committee
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the 
Remuneration Report for the financial year ending 31 
December 2023.
The Remuneration Committee and the Supervisory Board are 
committed to reinforcing our reporting year by year, 
complying with the latest rules, regulations and say-on-pay 
guidance, including the Shareholder Rights Directive and 
related Dutch implementation Act, the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code and the 2021 Remuneration Policy. The 
Group engaged actively with shareholders, continuing our 
constructive dialogue during several roadshow meetings 
where we presented the implementation of the 2021 
Remuneration Policy and the evolution of the Remuneration 
Report.
This report has been prepared by the Remuneration 
Committee and was approved by the Supervisory Board.  
2023 Remuneration decisions
The Remuneration Committee held five meetings during 
2023, where the members monitored the implementation of 
the 2021 Remuneration Policy. 
The Remuneration Committee discussed specific 
contributions to the delivery of the integration plan of Borsa 
Italiana and some senior management retention risks during 
the course of the year. The Remuneration Committee 
addressed these specific challenges through a special one-
off Integration LTI grant for the Group Chief Executive Officer 
and for the Chief Operating Officer,  granted in February 2024. 
This grant will be subject to the performance conditions of 
the plan and to the three-year vesting period. The Supervisory 
Board decided to approve this exceptional remuneration 
within the Remuneration Policy, in the best interest of the 
company, to recognise specific contributions, reinforce 
retention, and support the next phase of growth of Euronext. 
The Committee analysed, as it does every year, the outcome 
of the annual performance criteria, their impact on Short 
Term Incentives, Long Term Incentives and total 
compensation of the members of the Managing Board, and 
proposed subsequent decisions to the Supervisory Board. 
The key 2023 performance indicators and strategic 
achievements are summarised in this report and form the 
basis of the 2023 remuneration decisions.
2021 Remuneration Policy
The 2021 Remuneration Policy approved by shareholders at 
the AGM with 97.55% favourable votes on 11 May 2021 was still 
applicable in 2023.
Following positive feedback received from shareholders and 
stakeholders, the Remuneration Committee has decided to 
keep this policy unchanged for 2024. The Remuneration 
Committee will consult shareholders and stakeholders in 
2024 to prepare an updated Remuneration Policy to be 
approved during the AGM in 2025.
4.4.1.2. Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee of Euronext assists the 
Supervisory Board with respect to the Company’s 
remuneration strategy and principles for members of the 
Managing Board of the Company (the “Managing Board”), the 
administration of its cash and equity based compensation 
plans and draft proposals to the Supervisory Board and 
oversees the remuneration programmes and remuneration of 
the Company’s senior managers and other personnel. The 
Remuneration Committee meets as often as necessary and 
whenever any of its members requests a meeting. 
The Remuneration Committee as at 31 December 2023 
consisted of the following members: Nathalie Rachou (chair), 
Diana Chan, Rika Coppens, Padraic O’Connor and Piero 
Novelli.
4.4.1.3. 2023 Performance 
In 2023, Euronext has delivered very strong performance, 
thanks to the ongoing delivery of the committed €115 million 
synergies related to the integration of Borsa Italiana 17, tight 
cost control in an environment of persistent labour inflation 
and successful diversification of the top line of the group. 
Euronext’s focus on performance and cost discipline allowed 
the Company to beat the 2023 budget on both underlying 
revenues and underlying costs. 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 155
17  In February 2023, Euronext announced upgrading its targeted synergies to €115 million pre-tax run-rate  

Page 158:
i. Underlying Revenue increased +0.5% to 
€1,474.7 million for 2023, versus €1,467.8 
million for 2022. 
ii. Underlying EBITDA 18 increased +0.4% to 
€864.7 million, versus €861.6 million for 
2022. 
iii. Underlying EBITDA margin 19 was 
maintained at 58.6% versus 58.7% in 2022. 
iv. Underlying net income increased +5.3% to 
€584.7 million versus €555.3 million for 
2022. 
v. Adjusted EPS 20 was at €5.51, versus €5.21 
for 2022.
The Euronext team delivered major operational, financial and 
strategic milestones in 2023, in line with the “Growth for 
Impact 2024” strategic plan, which have clearly transformed 
Euronext: 
a. Euronext mitigated the negative consequences of 
the challenging environment in 2023, with the wars 
in Ukraine and the Middle-East, the persistently high 
labour cost inflation and interest rates and lowest 
equity volumes since 2017, keeping its European 
leadership in equity trading and listing. 
b. Euronext made decisive progress towards achieving 
its commitment on the 2024 synergies, delivering 
€74 million by the end of 2023, more than the €60 
million initially targeted for the end of 2024; and is in 
a very strong position to deliver by the end of 2024 
the €115 million synergies as revised in February 
2023, and at a lower cost than initially anticipated. 
c. Euronext completed the most decisive steps in the 
integration of Borsa Italiana, whose organisation, 
governance, operations and technology are now 
almost fully integrated in the group.
d. Euronext successfully completed on time the two 
most critical phases of the migration of Borsa 
Italiana markets onto the Euronext trading platform 
Optiq®; and is on track to deliver the last phase of 
the migration on 25 March 2024. This last migration 
will allow Euronext to fully terminate any 
dependency of Euronext on LSEG services provided 
to Borsa Italiana.
e. Euronext successfully delivered in November 2023 
the first phase of the European expansion of 
Euronext Clearing, through the migration to the 
value-at-risk risk framework and the critical 
migration of cash clearing, thereby positioning 
Euronext Clearing as the CCP of choice for all its 
cash equity markets, paving the way for an 
expansion of Euronext Clearing to financial and 
commodities derivatives markets in June 2024.
f. Euronext rolled-out a new business organisation 
that empowers business line leaders to strengthen 
its ability to deliver more organic growth, to inject 
more energy and agility, to reinforce the 
coordination between business lines and IT, 
Operations and support functions and to accelerate 
time to market of growth initiatives.
g. Euronext took decisive steps to harmonise CSD 
products, technology, operations and governance to 
increase operational efficiencies, reinforce 
coordination with the rest of the group and to seize 
future growth opportunities. This effort 
complements the continuous convergence of the 
sales and client approach.
h. Euronext maintained its capital allocation discipline, 
executing a €200 million share repurchase 
programme without impacting the planned 
deleveraging process nor Euronext’s M&A 
capabilities. Euronext was upgraded to a BBB+ 
rating by S&P, returning to the rating it used to have 
before the acquisition of Borsa Italiana, an 
illustration of the strong deleveraging pattern of the 
company. 
i. Euronext expanded on its leadership on ESG. 
Euronext became the world leader for ESG bond 
listing, with a 31% global market share, and is the 
first exchange to make available to investors the 
ESG data of their issuers, through its My ESG Profile 
tool. Euronext is also on track to deliver its SBTI-
approved carbon reduction targets. 
4.4.2 Remuneration Principles
4.4.2.1  Principles of the Remuneration Policy
Euronext operates in European and global financial markets 
where it competes for a limited pool of talented executives. 
Highly qualified people, capable of achieving stretched 
performance targets, are essential for generating superior 
and sustainable returns for Euronext and its shareholders, 
whilst creating long term sustainable value for the overall 
ecosystem. Euronext's people and remuneration strategies 
aim to attract, develop and retain talent that will ensure to 
maximise long term sustainable shareholder value, support 
the development of capital markets and the growth of the real 
economy and accelerate the transition towards a sustainable 
economy.
The majority of remuneration for the members of the 
Managing Board is linked to demanding performance targets, 
in line with Euronext's ambitious performance culture, over 
both the short and long-term horizons to ensure that 
executive rewards are aligned with performance delivered for 
shareholders and long term value creation for all 
stakeholders.
In determining the level and structure of the remuneration of 
the members of the Managing Board, the Remuneration 
Committee takes into account, among other things, the 
financial and operational results as well as non-financial 
indicators relevant to Euronext’s long-term objectives. The 
Remuneration Committee has performed and will perform 
scenario analyses to assess whether the outcomes of variable 
remuneration components appropriately reflect performance 
and with due regard for the risks to which variable 
remuneration may expose the Company. The minimum and 
4 Corporate Governance
156
18 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial information
19 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial information
20 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial information

Page 159:
maximum payout scenarios are described in the following 
paragraphs.
In determining the Remuneration Policy and the 
compensation of members of the Managing Board, the 
Supervisory Board has taken and will take into account (i) the 
transformation of Euronext, (ii) the local market practices and 
the competitive environment in which Euronext operates, (iii) 
the impact of the overall remuneration of the Managing Board 
on the equity ratios within the Company and (iv) the 
employment terms of the employees in the Company and its 
subsidiaries.
Euronext believes that it is crucial to provide shareholders 
with transparent and meaningful information about its 
remuneration philosophy. The first source of information for 
shareholders is the remuneration report. The information 
provided during the Company’s analyst presentations, 
meetings with shareholders and during the Annual General 
Meeting of shareholders is the second most important source 
of information. 
4.4.3 Remuneration Components
4.4.3.1 Annual Fixed Salary (AFS)
The AFS of the Managing Board is determined by the 
Supervisory Board upon the recommendation of the 
Remuneration Committee on the basis of benchmarking 
comparable companies in relevant markets and takes into 
account role, scope, accountability, and experience. 
Typically, AFS will be positioned at the median level of the 
peer group benchmark in line with the overall job 
responsibilities of the individual members of the Managing 
Board.
The AFS reflects the responsibility and scope of each role, 
taking into account seniority, experience and market 
practice.
In 2023, the Remuneration Committee conducted its annual 
review of the Annual Fixed Salary levels of the members of the 
Managing Board considering the transformation of Euronext, 
the local market practices and the competitive environment 
in which Euronext operates, the impact of the overall 
remuneration of the Managing Board on the pay differentials 
within the Company and the employment terms of the 
employees in the Company and its subsidiaries.
4.4.3.2 Short Term Incentive (STI)
The STI for the Managing Board is paid on a yearly basis in 
cash. The objective of this STI is to ensure that the Managing 
Board is well incentivised to achieve operational performance 
targets aligned with the strategic initiatives in the shorter 
term, whilst contributing to long term value creation.
A member of the Managing Board is eligible for an annual 
variable component up to a certain percentage of the Annual 
Fixed Salary for on target performance.
In order to take into consideration common market practices 
the Group Chief Executive Officer’s target is set at 100% of 
AFS, with a maximum pay-out of 150% in case of 
overachievement.
Position Minimum annual STI
as % of AFS
On target annual STI
as % of AFS
Maximum annual STI
as % of AFS
Group Chief Executive Officer 0%  100 % 150%
Other members of the Managing Board 0% 50 - 70% 75 - 105%
Performance conditions for the Short Term Incentive are set 
by the Supervisory Board annually for the relevant year. They 
include criteria concerning Euronext’s financial performance, 
quantitative criteria representing company performance and/
or individual qualitative performance.
A threshold for payment applies at 70% of objectives reached, 
and no payment will be made below 70%. At 90% of the 
objectives reached, the STI pay-out is set at 50% of the target 
STI. At 100% of the objectives reached, STI pay-out will be set 
at 100%. At 110% of objectives reached, the STI pay-out is set 
at 150%. Linear extrapolation between performance bands is 
applied.
Performance versus objectives STI pay-out versus target STI
110% and above 150%
100% to 110% Calculation on a linear basis from 100% to 150%
100% 100%
90% to 100% Calculation on a linear basis from 50% to 100%
90% 50%
70% to 90% Calculation on a linear basis from 0 to 50%
Below 70% 0%
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 157

Page 160:
In 2023 the performance criteria, and weights, for the individual Managing Board members’ Short Term Incentives were based on:
Weights of performance criteria in 2023 (in % of STI)
 Financial targets  Strategic quantitative targets at 
Group or Business Line level
 Strategic 
qualitative 
targets at 
individual level
Position Revenue Operational 
costs
Strategic 
execution
ESG
Group Chief Executive Officer 25% 25% 20% 10% 20%
Other members of the Managing 
Board 25% 25% 20% 10% 20%
In 2023, the performance criteria, and weights, for the Group Chief Executive Officer’s Short Term Incentive are based on the 
following scorecard, and the overall performance has been assessed at 109%. 
Description Objective Individual target and KPI Weight
Financial targets and 
objectives for 
Euronext
Revenue Underlying revenue target for Euronext full calendar year 2023  25 %
Operational Costs Comparable underlying operating costs excluding D&A budget for 
Euronext full calendar year 2023
 25 %
Strategic quantitative 
targets and objectives 
focusing on execution 
of Euronext strategy
M&A Strategy and 
Integration
Deliver phase 1 of the Euronext Clearing expansion plan  20 %
Deliver phase 1 and phase 2 of the Optiq® platform migration in 
Italy
Deliver cost synergies for recently acquired companies as 
planned for 2023
Deploy M&A strategy and secure smooth execution of any 
possible deal
ESG initiatives Deploy the 2023 Group ESG roadmap and deliver a detailed 
carbon footprint reduction plan in the context of the “Fit for the 
1.5 -degree” ambition
 10 %
Strategic qualitative 
targets and objectives 
focusing on execution 
of Euronext strategy
Individual objectives with 
a discretionary weight 
based on complexity and 
impact.
Operational excellence 20%
Strategic plan
Succession plan and talent development
Stakeholder engagement
Corporate purpose
Total of target 
percentages
100%
The Remuneration Committee has assessed the key 
achievements on objectives:
1. Financial targets and objectives for Euronext. 
The 2023 targets, approved by the Supervisory Board, include 
revenue and operational cost for the Group Chief Executive 
Officer and the other members of the Managing Board. Those 
criteria are monitored in a granular manner and their 
measurement is revised and controlled by the Remuneration 
Committee. It is to be noted that Euronext does not disclose 
the detailed actual financial targets as this is considered 
commercially/competition sensitive information, though they 
are in line with the published strategic, financial and 
sustainability goals of the Group. 
Following the 2023 results:
■ Underlying Revenue in 2023 was above budget 
target, mainly resulting from strong performance 
across most of the businesses. This leads to an 
assessment and a pay out of this scorecard criterion 
between target and maximum level.
■ Comparable underlying operational costs excluding 
D&A in 2023 were below budget target, thanks to 
efficient costs control. This leads to an assessment 
and a pay out of this scorecard criterion between 
target and maximum level. 
2. Strategic quantitative targets and objectives 
focusing on execution of Euronext strategy.
The 2023 strategic quantitative targets consist of the 
following two objectives for the Group Chief Executive Officer 
and the other members of the Managing Board:
■ Deploy M&A strategy & integrations milestones ;
This objective and the 4 sub-objectives were assessed as 
delivered above expectations, including (i) a major milestone 
with the delivery of phase 1 of the Euronext Clearing 
expansion plan, a new reference in the market (ii) delivery of 
the migration of Italian equity, ETFs, warrants and fixed 
income markets to Optiq®, (iii) an acceleration of the Borsa 
Italiana synergies, with €74 million of run-rate annual 
synergies already delivered, (iv) disciplined M&A execution. 
This leads to an assessment and a payout of this scorecard 
criterion between target and maximum level, in line with 
detailed KPIs described below.
4 Corporate Governance
158


Page 161:
■ Deploy the 2023 Group ESG roadmap and implement 
Euronext’s carbon footprint reduction plan in the 
context of the "Fit for the 1.5-degree".This objective 
was assessed as delivered above expectations, with 
a detailed carbon footprint reduction developed in 
2022 and demanding targets published and 
approved by SBTi in 2023 as planned, and a number 
of specific initiatives accelerating the Euronext ESG 
transformation. This leads to an assessment and a 
pay out of this scorecard criterion between target 
and maximum level, in line with detailed KPIs and 
milestones described below.
Each of the objectives and sub-objectives include measurable 
KPIs, assessed by the Remuneration Committee and the 
Supervisory Board during the annual review: 
■ Deliver phase 1 of the Euronext Clearing expansion 
plan 
a. In 2023 Euronext rolled out a new VaR-
based margin methodology on Euronext 
Milan equities, ETFs and financial 
derivative markets, paving the way for the 
expansion of Euronext Clearing beyond 
Italian securities.  
b. Euronext subsequently expanded its cash 
clearing offering to Euronext cash 
markets. In November, Euronext migrated 
the clearing of the cash markets of Paris, 
Amsterdam, Dublin, Lisbon and Brussels 
away from LCH SA onto Euronext Clearing. 
Since this date, Euronext Clearing now 
clears equities, ETFs, structured products, 
warrants, and bonds from six Euronext 
markets. 
c. This key initiative has been praised by 
stakeholders as one of the most 
transformative projects in the industry. 
Despite the tight planning, 100% of the 
clearing members were onboarded and 
100% of the LCH SA trade flow was 
captured.  
d. On average, Euronext Clearing clears circa 
2 million transactions on a daily basis for its 
52 European and local clearing members, 
of which 37 were onboarded as part of the 
expansion project, including all major 
clearing members of the industry. 
e. In parallel, Euronext significantly 
strengthened the Euronext Clearing team 
by recruiting and onboarding 38 new 
employees in 2023, and appointing Roberto 
Pecora as CEO and General Manager of 
Euronext Clearing. The expansion of 
Euronext Clearing towards financial and 
commodity derivatives is on track for June 
2024, with the full engagement of Euronext 
Clearing teams to progress towards client 
and internal readiness.  
■ Deliver phase 1 and phase 2 of the Optiq® platform 
migration in Italy
a. The migration of the Italian cash markets 
to Optiq® was completed on 27 March 2023, 
as announced to market participants and 
investors. 100% of Trading Members 
successfully connected to the Optiq® 
system on the first day of trading, markets 
opened on all migrated instruments with 
successful trading on all phases and 
seamless post-trade processing.
b. The migration significantly improved 
market quality metrics, with Euronext 
European Best Bid and Offer (EBBO) setting 
progressing from c. 50% before the 
migration to c. 75% in Q4 2023. 
c. Euronext completed Phase 2 of the 
migration of Italian markets on 11 
September 2023, with Borsa Italiana Fixed 
Income, Warrants and Certificates markets 
opening for trading on the Euronext Optiq® 
trading platform.
d. The primary focus of Euronext was to 
ensure the seamless execution of both 
Phase 1 and Phase 2 of the migration, all 
while safeguarding the operation of 
Euronext markets. This year witnessed the 
highest number of releases ever deployed 
into production, reflecting Euronext 
incremental delivery model. Remarkably, 
amidst this heightened activity, there were 
no significant incidents reported, 
underscoring the smooth and reliable 
nature of the migration process.
■ Deliver cost synergies for recently acquired 
companies as planned for 2023
a. The initial synergy targets for the 
integration of Borsa Italiana have been 
increased by 67%, from €60 million to €100 
million mainly thanks to business 
development projects such as the 
migration of the Core Data Centre and 
expansion of Clearing activity. In February 
2023, Euronext upgraded this target to 
€115 million, which is almost twice the 
initially announced amount and 
demonstrates the Euronext confidence 
and expertise in delivering synergies.
b. Euronext delivered €74 million of run-rate 
annual synergies at the end of 2023, which 
is twenty-three percent more than the 
initial target of €60 million and about two-
thirds of the updated target of €115 million.
c. In 2023, Euronext have also paved the way 
for the delivery of the synergies planned 
for 2024, thanks to careful preparation of 
the Derivatives Optiq® and Derivatives 
Clearing migrations. 
d. In addition, Euronext continue to 
streamline its portfolio of assets by 
completing the targeted divestment of a 
non-core and loss-making business. The 
sale of Tokeny for €11 million delivered a 
multiple of money of approximatively 2x. 
■ Deploy M&A strategy & integration milestones and 
secure smooth execution of any possible deal
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 159

Page 162:
a. During 2023, Euronext has been also 
exploring some further strategic moves 
and participated to numerous processes. 
In all cases, Euronext has maintained very 
strong discipline. 
b. Euronext maintained its capital allocation 
discipline, executing a €200 million share 
repurchase programme without impacting 
the planned deleveraging process nor 
Euronext’s M&A capabilities. 
c. Euronext M&A strategy is recognised by 
the investor and analyst communities. The 
management track record to execute value 
creative M&A transactions and integrate 
companies is seen continuously as a 
fundamental asset of the Group and a 
differentiator versus its peers.
d.  Euronext was upgraded to a BBB+ rating 
by S&P, returning to the rating it used to 
have before the acquisition of Borsa 
Italiana, an illustration of the strong 
deleveraging pattern of the company.
e. Euronext maintains the optionality for 
future transformational transactions which 
could enable Euronext to increase the pace 
of its organic growth and further diversify 
its revenue mix.
■ Deploy the 2023 Group ESG roadmap and deliver a 
detailed carbon footprint reduction plan in the 
context of the “Fit for the 1.5-degree” ambition.
Euronext’s ESG efforts are focused on 5 impact areas: Our 
Environment, Our People, Our Society, Our Markets and Our 
Partners. In 2023, Euronext accelerated its actions in all these 
impact areas towards more sustainable capital markets with 
significant successes and raised its ambition level, publishing 
ambitious SBTi commitments as planned. Initiatives were 
taken both at business level - through the development of 
new ESG products and services - and at company level - 
taking concrete actions to reduce its environmental impact 
and improve its social and governance approach.
a. Our Environment
In 2023 Euronext continued to successfully work towards its 
carbon reduction roadmap as set by its near term targets 
validated beginning of 2023 by Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi), known as the most demanding standard for 
climate ambitions, to align the group’s carbon footprint with 
the Paris agreement. The Euronext climate target published 
in 2022 include reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
by 73.5% in 2030 compared to 2020, and reduction of Scope 3 
travel emissions by at least 46.2% in 2030 compared to 2019. 
A dedicated governance was put in place to implement 
Euronext’s Carbon Reduction Project (SBTi targets) and keep 
track of the progress made. Furthermore, Euronext disclosed 
a first version of its climate transition plan in 2023, a vital tool 
to demonstrate to capital markets and stakeholders that the 
organisation is committed to achieving a 1.5-degree pathway, 
and that its business model will remain relevant (i.e., 
profitable) in a net-zero carbon economy.
b. Our People
In 2023, Euronext prioritized a culture of diversity and 
inclusion through the establishment of the Euronext Diversity 
& Inclusion network, supporting diverse recruitment and local 
D&I events. Additionally, Euronext Women network aims to 
foster women empowerment and equal career opportunities. 
Training on ESG topics remained a priority, with the 
introduction of the Digital Fresk workshop focusing on 
environmental issues in the digital sector. Monthly ESG 
Business Knowledge sessions highlighted key stakes and 
initiatives aligned with Euronext's strategic roadmap 'Fit for 
1.5°'.
c. Our Society
In 2023 Euronext launched the Euronext Foundation to foster 
its support to local sustainable communities and projects 
deployed across Europe in the fields of financial literacy, 
diversity and inclusion, and marine resources. Additionally, 
the Blue Challenge and coastal clean-up pan-European 
initiatives came to maturity, becoming well identified and 
structured group projects gathering Euronext volunteers 
from all geographies and business units.
d. Our Markets
In 2023, Euronext business teams expanded their ESG 
products and services offering and consolidated Euronext’s 
position as a market leader on ESG indices. Euronext 
expanded its ESG indices franchise by launching a set of 
thematic indices. In addition, Euronext became in 2023 the 
first stock exchange to make ESG data of its issuers available 
in a standardized format on its website, with the launch of “My 
ESG Profile”. Finally, in 2023 Euronext became officially world 
leader for ESG Bonds listing globally, in terms of number of 
green bonds, number of issuers and raised assets.
e. Our partners
In 2023 Euronext has been proactive in its engagement with 
the ESG financial ecosystem. On top of its former 
commitments as a founding member of the Sustainable 
Trading initiative, an official partner of the United Nations 
Sustainable Stock Exchange Initiative (SSE), a signatory of the 
PRI, Chair of the FESE Sustainable Finance Working Group 
and advisor to the Executive Committee of ICMA Green bond 
principles, Euronext in 2023 also signed the Women’s 
Empowerment Principles and organised the Euronext 
Sustainability Week. Euronext has also supported the Climate 
Governance Initiative by partnering with Chapter Zero France.
In 2023, Euronext continued improving its ESG rating scores. 
Euronext teams have been actively working to align the 
Euronext disclosures, including ESG policies and statements, 
website, and upcoming URD, to the requirements of ESG 
rating agencies.
In accordance with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD) Delegated Act, Euronext successfully 
launched the CSRD project by conducting a double materiality 
assessment as required by the directive and by analysing the 
missing ESG data points to be disclosed starting in 2025 over 
the year 2024. 
More details of Euronext ESG strategy and initiatives are 
described in Chapter 3 of the Universal Registration 
Document.
3. Strategic qualitative targets and objectives 
focusing on execution of Euronext strategy
The individual targets of the Group Chief Executive Officer 
and the measurement of the Supervisory Board were the 
following for 2023:
4 Corporate Governance
160


Page 163:
a. Reinforce operational excellence within the 
company, including achievement of operations KPIs: 
Euronext continued to invest in the operational 
resilience and stability of its service to customers, 
showcasing strong discipline on incident 
management and investments in incident 
prevention through an enhanced platform 
monitoring tool. Euronext strengthened the best 
practices of service management at Euronext 
Securities and Euronext Clearing to improve the 
discipline of management of operations and 
technology. Euronext reinforced its cyber resilience 
through a year-long investment in cybersecurity and 
the strengthening of Euronext processes.
b. Implement the "Growth for Impact 2024" strategic 
plan to deliver on the ambition to build the leading 
European market infrastructure. The plan set 
ambitious revenue and EBITDA 2024 targets, 
combining organic growth, alongside 
transformational projects following the Borsa 
Italiana Group acquisition, such as the migration of 
the Core Data Centre to a green facility in Italy and 
the expansion of Euronext clearing activities in 
Europe. The plan also includes significant ESG 
commitments. In 2023 Euronext delivered (i) a major 
milestone with the migration of Borsa Italiana’s cash 
markets to Optiq® unifying Euronext markets for 
equities, ETFs, warrants and retail fixed income into 
a single liquidity pool through a single order book 
and enabling significant revenue synergies above 
€10 million, (ii) the completion of phase 2 of the 
migration of Euronext main datacentre from 
Basildon to Bergamo reinforcing Euronext strategic 
autonomy towards third parties, generating further 
synergies, and creating opportunities for the future 
development of connectivity-related services, (iii) 
completion of Borsa Italiana integration, with €74 
million annual run-rate EBITDA synergies already 
delivered. Last but not least, Euronext published its 
“Fit for 1.5” ESG commitment externally, with a 
detailed roadmap prepared internally, and an 
acceleration on all ESG dimensions.
c. Strengthen the succession plan and the 
management team in line with the new profile of the 
company and attract talents, including to foster 
diversity and inclusion: Euronext has continued to 
take initiatives to create bonds among the 
employees of various locations. On top of the regular 
town halls, and the senior leadership team meetings, 
the Operating Committee has been transformed into 
an enlarged Executive Committee. The Executive 
Committee now gathers the leaders of business 
lines and IT, Operations, Control and Support 
Functions, as well as key managers who have a 
critical cross-disciplinary role within the 
organisation to strengthen the cohesion and 
communication of the top management of the 
Group. In 2023, Euronext continued to recruit top 
talents, thanks to the high attractiveness of 
Euronext on the job market.
d. Strengthen relations with all stakeholders, including 
reference shareholders, regulators, and Italian 
ecosystem, in particular to enhance the deployment 
of the Capital Markets Union in Europe: Euronext 
continued to engage actively with shareholders, 
regulators and clients all over Europe with a culture 
of trust and transparency , allowing for the 
expansion of the existing local clearing house, 
CC&G, into a pan-European, multi-asset CCP 
connected to all international clearing members.
e. Initiate the deployment of a “Corporate purpose”: 
Euronext has strengthened the implementation of 
its corporate purpose “Shaping capital markets for 
future generations”, involving the Euronext teams 
and including it in all its internal and external 
communications. In July 2023 Euronext launched a 
company wide detailed employee survey, with 1,736 
respondents and a 85% participation rate. An 
independent provider surveyed Euronext employees 
on engagement, with a score of 82, and Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion, with a score of 81. Euronext is 
particularly proud that 87% of its employees believe 
in the purpose of Euronext and understand how their 
work contribute to it. 
Following assessment of the 2023 KPIs and milestones by the 
Supervisory Board, overall performance for Strategic 
qualitative targets and objectives focusing on execution of 
Euronext strategy criteria were assessed as over performed 
with a pay out between target and maximum level. 
The overall performance assessment at 109% with the 
application of the performance multiplier will result in a STI 
pay-out of 143% of the AFS for the Group Chief Executive 
Officer.
KPI achievement and % pay-out for the members of the 
Managing Board:
Other members of the Managing Board have dedicated 
individual quantitative or strategic targets. Performance is 
assessed for each of them on an individual basis by the 
Supervisory Board upon the recommendation of the Chief 
Executive Officer.
Name Position Performance
criteria 
achievement
Performance 
multiplier 
impact
Annual 
target
as % of AFS
Maximum 
pay-out
as % of AFS
Pay-out
as % of AFS
Stephane Boujnah Group Chief Executive 
Officer and Chairman of the 
Managing Board
 109 %  143 % 100% 150%  143 %
Manuel  Bento COO  120 %  150 % 70% 105%  105 %
Fabrizio Testa CEO of Borsa Italiana  111 %  150 % 70% 105%  105 %
Delphine d’Amarzit CEO of Euronext Paris  106 %  128 % 70% 105%  90 %
Daryl Byrne CEO of Euronext Dublin  101 %  106 % 70% 105%  74 %
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 161

Page 164:
Isabel Ucha CEO of Euronext Lisbon  104 %  121 % 50% 70%  61 %
Simone Huis in’t Veld CEO of Euronext Amsterdam  103 %  116 % 70% 105%  81 %
Benoît van den Hove CEO of Euronext Brussels  100 %  100 % 50% 70%  50 %
Øivind Amundsen CEO of Oslo Børs  104 %  121 % 70% 105%  85 %
Performance conditions for the 2024 Short Term Incentive:
In 2024 the performance criteria, and weights, for the individual Managing Board members’ Short Term Incentives will be based on:
Weights of performance criteria in 2024  (in % of STI)
Position
Financial targets Strategic quantitative targets at 
Group or Business Line level
Strategic 
qualitative targets 
at individual levelRevenue Operational costs Strategic 
execution
ESG
Group Chief Executive 
Officer
25% 25% 20% 10% 20%
Other members of the 
Managing Board
25% 25% 20% 10% 20%
The performance criteria, and weights, for the Group Chief Executive Officer’s Short Term Incentive set by the Supervisory Board 
for 2024 will continue to include a majority of financial targets and strategic quantitative targets, and a minority of qualitative 
targets, aligned with the Remuneration Policy, as described in the scorecard hereafter: 
Description Objective Individual target and KPI Weight
Financial targets and 
objectives for Euronext
Revenue Underlying revenue target for Euronext full calendar year 2024 25%
Operational Costs Comparable underlying operating costs excluding D&A budget for 
Euronext full calendar year 2024 25%
Strategic quantitative 
targets and objectives 
focusing on execution of 
Euronext strategy
Integration and 
Growth strategy
Deliver phase 2 of the Euronext Clearing expansion plan
20%
Deliver the Optiq® migration plan and complete phase 3 
implementation 
Deliver cost synergies for recently acquired companies as planned 
for 2024
Deploy M&A strategy and secure smooth execution of any possible 
deal
ESG initiatives
Deploy the 2024 Group ESG roadmap and deliver a detailed carbon 
footprint reduction plan in the context of the “Fit for the 1.5 -
degree” ambition
10%
Strategic qualitative 
targets and objectives 
focusing on execution of 
Euronext strategy
Individual objectives 
with a discretionary 
weight based on 
complexity and 
impact.
Strategic Plan
20%Operational excellence
Succession plan and talent development
Stakeholder engagement
Total of target 
percentages 100%
4.4.3.3 Long Term Incentive (LTI)
Members of the Managing Board are eligible for Long Term 
Incentive awards (LTI), which help to align the interests of the 
members of the Managing Board with those of its long term 
(or prospective) shareholders and which provide an incentive 
for longer term commitment and retention of the members of 
the Managing Board.
The main features of the LTI arrangements are the following:
■ equity awards will be made in the form of 
performance shares (Performance Shares) with a 
three-year cliff vesting schedule (Performance 
Share Plan);
■ An additional two-year lock-up for the Group Chief 
Executive Officer; 
■ the provisional and conditional target grant of LTI 
will be a percentage of Annual Fixed Salary;
■ at vesting date the actual grant will be determined 
taking into consideration the performance of 
Euronext against the criterion of TSR for 50% of the 
performance shares granted and the absolute 
EBITDA21 performance for 50% of the performance 
shares granted;
4 Corporate Governance
162
21 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial information

Page 165:
■ participants are not entitled to dividends during the 
vesting period.
An important objective of the LTI is to provide a retention 
incentive to the Managing Board members to continue their 
employment relationship with Euronext and to focus on the 
creation of sustainable shareholder value. 
As a reminder, the on-target Long Term Incentive (LTI) 
component as a percentage of the Annual Fixed Salary (AFS) 
for the members of the Managing Board remains as follows:
Position Annual LTI as % of 
AFS
Group Chief Executive Officer 150%
Other members of the Managing Board 50% - 75%
4.4.3.3.1  CEO share ownership restrictions
Since 2021 and in order to be aligned with Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code recommendations and to strengthen the 
alignment of the Group Chief Executive Officer’s exposure to 
Euronext development with the shareholders’ exposure, the 
Supervisory Board has introduced an additional two-year 
lock-up for the Group Chief Executive Officer, resulting in a 
total five-year period from the date of grant and increased 
motivation for sustainable performance. 
4.4.3.3.2  Granted Shares
In 2023, LTI Performance Shares were granted in line with the 
Remuneration Policy. The actual number of shares to be 
vested in 2026, after the three-year cliff vesting schedule, will 
depend on the following two performance measures:
■ Total Shareholder Return (TSR)  (50% weighting): 
The TSR performance will be based on an absolute 
difference between the Total Shareholders Return 
Index of Euronext and Total Shareholders Return 
Index of the STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services 
Index (Index) during the vesting period. 
The Supervisory Board established the minimum 
TSR performance level at the average Index. 
Therefore, at vesting date, if the Euronext TSR 
performance is at par with Index performance (the 
threshold), 100% of performance shares assessed 
against the TSR criterion will vest. Below this 
threshold no performance shares will vest against 
the TSR criterion. Over-performance whereby a 20% 
outperformance of the Index is met, will lead to a 
maximum of 200% of performance shares vesting 
(maximum). This level of outperformance reflects 
the absolute cap of performance shares to vest at 
vesting date against the TSR criterion. Linear 
extrapolation between performance bands is 
applied.
Total Shareholder Return (TSR) 
Measurement of performance against Index % of performance shares assessed against the TSR criterion
+20% of target or higher (maximum) 200%
At par with index (threshold) 100%
Below threshold 0%
■ Absolute Earnings Before Interest, Tax, 
Depreciation and Amortisation  (EBITDA 22) (50% 
weighting): The EBITDA performance will be based 
on the ratio between (i) the actual cumulative 
EBITDA of the Company for the three-year period, as 
reported in the audited financial statement of the 
Company, and (ii) a cumulative target EBITDA for the 
same period, based on a target yearly EBITDA 
growth rate (“y”) as approved by the Remuneration 
Committee. The multiplier of the shares granted in 
year N+1 (e.g. grant year), will be computed at the 
end of the three-year period (i.e. N+3), based on the 
ratio (i)/(ii).
At a 0.9 ratio, 50% of performance shares assessed 
against the EBITDA criterion will vest at vesting date 
(threshold). Below this threshold no performance 
shares will vest against the EBITDA criterion. Over 
performance whereby a 1.1 ratio is met will lead to a 
maximum of 200% of performance shares assessed 
against the EBITDA criterion vesting (maximum). 
This level of outperformance reflects the absolute 
cap of performance shares to vest at vesting date 
against the EBITDA criterion. An intermediate stage 
whereby a ratio of 1 is met will lead to 100% of 
performance shares assessed against the criterion 
of EBITDA to vest at vesting date. Linear 
extrapolation between performance bands is 
applied.
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 163
22 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial information

Page 166:
Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA)
Measurement of performance against the ratio of actual 
accumulated EBITDA (i) to the targeted EBITDA (ii) for the 
same period
% of performance shares assessed 
against the EBITDA criterion
Ratio (i)/(ii) is at 1.1 or above (maximum) 200%
Ratio (i)/(ii) is equal to 1 (intermediate stage) 100%
Ratio (i)/(ii) is equal to 0.9 (threshold) 50%
Below threshold 0%
4.4.3.3.3  Specific grant in 2024
During several meetings in 2023, the members of the 
Remuneration Committee identified specific contributions to 
the delivery of the integration plan of Borsa Italiana and some 
specific senior management retention risks, and explored 
various ways to address them. Considering that in exceptional 
circumstances, within the Remuneration Policy, the 
Supervisory Board may grant exceptional remunerations 
when necessary to serve the long-term interest and 
sustainability of the company, the Remuneration Committee 
decided to address these challenges proactively. Following 
these discussions, upon proposal of the Remuneration 
Committee, the Supervisory Board decided to grant a special 
one-off Integration LTI for the Group Chief Executive Officer 
and for the Chief Operating Officer, in order to recognise 
specific integration milestones, to reinforce retention, and to 
support the next phase of growth of Euronext.  
The Group Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating 
Officer were granted the equivalent of 100% of their Annual 
Fixed Salary in February 2024. This Special one-off 
Integration LTI grant will be subject to the same rules as the 
regular 2024 LTI, in particular in terms of vesting, multiplier 
criteria, and other conditions.
4.4.3.3.4 Vested Shares
The performance conditions from the previous Remuneration 
Policy were the following:
EURONEXT PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS 
(for each part of the performance conditions)
Vesting % of the number of shares
Total Shareholder Return (TSR) Earnings Before Interest, 
Tax,Depreciation and 
Amortisation (EBITDA)23
 +20% or higher Ratio i/ii is at 1.1 or higher Increase of 100%
At target to +20% Ratio i/ii is between 1 and 1.1 Increase on linear basis from original grant up to and including 
100% increase
At target Ratio i/ii is equal to 1 Original granted number
At target to -20% Ratio i/ii is between 1 and 0.9 Decrease on linear basis from original grant to lapse of 50% of 
the shares
Lower than -20% Ratio i/ii is below 0.9 Lapse of 100% of the shares
After the three-year vesting period, the final performance of 
Euronext over this period on both criteria TSR and EBITDA 
determines the total number of shares to be vested.
As a reminder, as part of the previous Remuneration Policy, 
LTI Performance Share Plan (“PSP”) awards vesting depends 
on the performance of the following two performance 
measures weighted equally:
1. Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) (50% weighting): 
The TSR performance of Euronext is measured over 
a three-year period on an absolute difference 
between the Total Shareholders Return Index of 
Euronext and Total Shareholders Return Index of the 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services index during 
the vesting period. The Total Shareholder Return is 
defined as the relative performance between the 
average of the daily TSR over Q4 of the year 
preceding the year of the vesting date and the 
average of the daily TSR over Q4 of the year 
preceding the grant date. An overall 
underperformance in reference to the benchmark 
index will lead to a discount on the conditional LTI at 
vesting date whereby a 20% negative deviation 
leads to a 50% reduction of conditionally granted LTI 
shares at vesting date. Below -20% the reduction 
will be 100% of the conditionally granted LTI shares, 
subject to 50% weighing. Over performance will lead 
to a rise whereby a 20% outperformance of the 
index will lead to an increase of 100% in conditionally 
granted LTI shares at vesting date. This level of 
outperformance reflects the absolute cap of the LTI 
allotment.
2. Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and 
Amortisation and Exceptional Items (EBITDA) (50% 
weighting): the EBITDA performance will be based 
on the ratio between (i) the actual cumulated EBITDA 
of the Company for the three year period, as 
reported in the audited financial statement of the 
Company, and (ii) a target cumulated EBITDA of the 
same period, based on a target yearly EBITDA 
growth rate (“y”) as approved by the Remuneration 
Committee. 
4 Corporate Governance
164
23 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial information

Page 167:
Shares vested in 2023
After the three-year vesting period, the final performance of 
Euronext over the 2020-2022 period on both criteria TSR and 
EBITDA has determined the total number of shares to be 
vested at 148.1% of the initial grant.
Based on the financial targets set by the Supervisory Board, 
the performance measurement for the award made in 2020 
that vested in 2023 was:
1. performance of Euronext TSR criterion (50%): 
Euronext TSR index has underperformed the STOXX 
600 Financial Services Gross Return Index by 1.5% 
resulting in a decrease of -3.8% of the number of 
shares linked to the TSR criteria (i.e. from 50% to 
48.1%) in line with the Remuneration Policy.
The average EURO STOXX 600 Financial Services TSR Index 
increased by 12.4% between Q4 2019 and Q4 2022. The 
average Euronext TSR index increased by 10.9% during the 
same period, leading to an underperformance of -1.5%;
2. EBITDA24 performance criterion (50%): over the 
review period, based on actual figures 2020, 2021 
and 2022, the ratio of the cumulative actual EBITDA 
to the cumulative target EBITDA (the multiplier) was 
equal to 1.61 resulting in 100% increase in the 
number of shares linked to the EBITDA criteria (i.e. 
from 50% to 100%) in line with the Remuneration 
Policy.  
The actual cumulated EBITDA for the three-year period 
2020-2022 was €2,135 million vs a targeted cumulated 
EBITDA of €1,322 million as approved by the Supervisory 
Board for the same period, resulting in a ratio of 1.61.
Shares to be vested in 2024
After the three-year vesting period, the final performance of 
Euronext over the 2021-2023 period on both criteria TSR and 
EBITDA has determined the total number of shares to be 
vested at 100% of the initial grant.
Based on the financial targets set by the Supervisory Board, 
the performance measurement for the award made in 2021 
that will vest in 2024 is:
1. performance of Euronext TSR criterion (50%): 
Euronext TSR index has underperformed the STOXX 
600 Financial Services Gross Return Index by -31.0% 
resulting in a lapse of 100% of the number of shares 
linked to the TSR criteria (i.e. from 50% to 0%) in line 
with the Remuneration Policy.
The average EURO STOXX 600 Financial Services TSR Index 
increased by 23.3% between Q4 2020 and Q4 2023. The 
average Euronext TSR index decreased by -7.7% during the 
same period, leading to an underperformance of -31.0%;
2. EBITDA25 performance criterion (50%): over the 
review period, based on actual figures 2021, 2022 
and 2023, the ratio of the cumulative actual EBITDA 
to the cumulative target EBITDA (the multiplier) was 
equal to 1.44 resulting in 100% increase in the 
number of shares linked to the EBITDA criteria (i.e. 
from 50% to 100%) in line with the Remuneration 
Policy.  
The actual cumulated EBITDA for the three-year period 
2021-2023 was €2,479 million vs a targeted cumulated 
EBITDA of €1,721 million as approved by the Supervisory Board 
for the same period, resulting in a ratio of 1.44.
Details of the Long Term Incentive per Managing Board 
member can be seen in section 4.4.4 - Remuneration of 
Managing Board Members for 2023 and previous years. 2024 
vesting details will be reported in 2024 Universal Registration 
Document, after confirmed vesting of the shares.
4.4.3.4 Group Chief Executive Officer share ownership 
obligations
In order to further emphasize the alignment of interests of the 
Group Chief Executive Officer with those of shareholders, the 
Supervisory Board set a requirement in 2020 to retain a 
certain number of shares irrespective of the date of vesting. 
Accordingly, the Group Chief Executive Officer will keep a 
number of Euronext shares representing an amount 
equivalent to 2 times his Annual Fixed Salary, as long as he 
remains Group Chief Executive Officer of Euronext.
This will be assessed every year, based on the average closing 
price of the Euronext shares on the last 20 trading days of the 
year.
Euronext shares owned by the Group Chief Executive 
Officer 
As of 1 March 2024, the Group Chief Executive Officer owns 
75,658 ordinary shares in Euronext N.V.. This total number of 
shares results from:
1. Personal acquisition with personal resources of 
2,565 shares in 2016;
2. Vesting of 10,060 shares in 2019, net of withheld 
shares for tax payment, in relation to the LTI 
performance shares granted in 2016;
3. Vesting of 11,693 shares in 2020, net of withheld 
shares for tax payment, in relation to the LTI 
performance shares granted in 2017;
4. Vesting of 16,170 shares in 2021, net of withheld 
shares for tax payment, in relation to the LTI 
performance shares granted in 2018.
5. Vesting of 12,367 shares in 2022, net of withheld 
shares for tax payment, in relation to the LTI 
performance shares granted in 2019.
6. Vesting of 22,803 shares in 2023,without any shares 
withheld for tax payment, in relation to the LTI 
performance shares granted in 2020. From 2020 
onward, taxes on shares vested are paid at selling 
date and not anymore withheld at vesting
The Group Chief Executive Officer has not sold any shares in 
Euronext N.V since he joined the company on 16 November 
2015.
Using the average closing price of the Euronext share on the 
last 20 trading days of 2023 at €77.97, the shares owned by 
the Group Chief Executive Officer are valued at 
€5,899,054.26, which is more than two times his annual fixed 
salary.
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 165
24 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial Information
25  As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial Information

Page 168:
4.4.3.5 Pension Schemes and Fringe Benefits
Due to the nature and structure of the Company, the members 
of the Managing Board are eligible for local benefits and 
pension arrangements. Pension consists of various state 
pension and additional local supplementary pension schemes 
in place depending on market practice in the countries where 
Euronext operates. Local members of the Managing Board 
have access to local supplementary pension schemes when 
available, in line with conditions offered to other employees 
locally.
With respect to pension arrangements, the Supervisory Board 
will regularly benchmark against the pension arrangements of 
comparable companies, in comparable markets, to ensure 
conformity with market practice.
Although it is common practice in comparable companies, the 
Group Chief Executive Officer does not benefit from any 
pension nor retirement arrangement of any sort funded by 
Euronext and more generally the members of the Managing 
Board do not benefit from any specific pension benefits 
compared to all other Euronext employees. 
Please see in the below table details on individual pension 
local schemes in place.
Type of supplementary pension scheme
Stéphane Boujnah None
Delphine d'Amarzit None
Manuel Bento None
Fabrizio Testa All employee Defined Contribution scheme
Daryl Byrne All employee Defined Contribution scheme
Isabel Ucha All employee Defined Contribution scheme
Benoît van den Hove All employee Defined Contribution scheme
Øivind Amundsen All employee Defined Contribution scheme/age related contribution
Simone Huis in ’t Veld All employee Defined Contribution scheme/age related contribution
See details of the pension contribution amount per members of the Managing Board in section  4.4.4.- Remuneration of Managing 
Board Members for 2023 and previous years for post-employment benefits.
4.4.4 Remuneration of Managing Board 
Members for 2023 and previous years
Five-year Remuneration Overview
The remuneration for 2023 and previous years, is presented in 
the table below.
The actual remuneration expensed for the members of the 
Managing Board, for the year 2023 amounted to €12,641,898. 
This amount includes a pro rata compensation related to 
Manuel Jose Fernandes Bento and Benoît van den Hove who 
joined the Managing Board respectively in May 2023 and July 
2023, Vincent van Dessel who retired in November 2023 and 
Chris Topple who left the Group in October 2023 before the 
roll out of the new business organisation. The overall amount 
includes the termination payment for Chris Topple, aligned 
with his employment conditions. 
The total remuneration consists of (i) an aggregate Annual 
Fixed Salary, (ii) the aggregate Short Term Incentive 
compensation based on the achievements against objective 
measurable criterion and (iii) the aggregate Long Term 
Incentive compensation recognised in accordance with IFRS 
2 and (iv) an amount to be contributed to post-employment 
benefits. The table also presents the fixed to variable 
remuneration ratio.
The pay-for-performance philosophy and long-term value 
creation is, amongst others, realised by the pay mix, with 
more than two-thirds of the Group Chief Executive Officer 
total package in variable pay. A significant part of the pay 
package is conditional upon the achievement of long term 
performance targets, with long term variable pay 
representing almost half of the pay package. Such balance is 
considered to support the Company’s strategy and the long 
term sustainable interests of the Company and all its 
stakeholders including its shareholders.
4 Corporate Governance
166


Page 169:
Managing Board remuneration
Name Title Currency Year Annual 
Fixed 
Salary (1)
STI LTI based 
on face 
value at 
target (2)
Post-
employment 
benefits
% fixed % variable
Stéphane 
Boujnah
Chief Executive Officer 
and Chairman of the 
Managing Board
EUR 2019  825,000  1,155,000  725,000  —  30 %  70 %
EUR 2020  825,000  1,237,500  1,237,500  —  25 %  75 %
EUR 2021  825,000  1,237,500  1,650,000  —  22 %  78 %
EUR 2022  825,000  1,237,500  1,237,500  —  25 %  75 %
EUR 2023  1,000,000  1,425,000  1,500,000  —  25 %  75 %
Manuel  
Bento (3)
COO EUR 2023  380,000  400,000  285,000  —  36 %  64 %
Fabrizio 
Testa
CEO of Borsa Italiana EUR 2022  360,000  378,000  270,000  12,600  36 %  64 %
EUR 2023  360,000  378,000  270,000  25,802  36 %  64 %
Daryl Byrne CEO of Euronext Dublin EUR 2019  270,000  135,000  202,500  32,400  44 %  56 %
EUR 2020  270,000  190,000  202,500  32,400  41 %  59 %
EUR 2021  270,000  216,000  202,500  32,400  39 %  61 %
EUR 2022  270,000  220,000  202,500  32,400  39 %  61 %
EUR 2023  270,000  200,000  202,500  32,400  40 %  60 %
Isabel Ucha CEO of Euronext Lisbon EUR 2019  230,000  115,000  115,000  21,645  50 %  50 %
EUR 2020  230,000  140,000  115,000  34,500  47 %  53 %
EUR 2021  230,000  150,000  115,000  34,500  46 %  54 %
EUR 2022  230,000  160,000  115,000  34,500  46 %  54 %
EUR 2023  230,000  140,000  115,000  34,500  47 %  53 %
Simone 
Huis in ’t 
Veld
CEO of Euronext 
Amsterdam
EUR 2019  270,000  135,000   4,458  67 %  33 %
EUR 2020  270,000  175,000  202,500  10,937  42 %  58 %
EUR 2021  270,000  216,000  202,500  23,938  39 %  61 %
EUR 2022  270,000  220,000  202,500  25,547  39 %  61 %
EUR 2023  270,000  220,000  202,500  23,115  39 %  61 %
Øivind 
Amundsen
CEO of Oslo Børs NOK 2020  2,700,000  1,890,000  1,350,000  73,114  45 %  55 %
NOK 2021  2,700,000  2,160,000  1,350,000  115,443  43 %  57 %
NOK 2022  2,700,000  2,295,000  1,350,000  120,953  43 %  57 %
NOK 2023  2,700,000  2,295,000  1,350,000  128,702  43 %  57 %
Delphine 
d'Amarzit
CEO of Euronext Paris EUR 2021  300,000  240,000  225,000  —  39 %  61 %
EUR 2022  300,000  270,000  225,000  —  38 %  62 %
EUR 2023  300,000  270,000  225,000  —  38 %  62 %
Benoît van 
den Hove 
(4)
CEO of Euronext 
Brussels
EUR 2023  200,000  100,000  40,000  6,396  59 %  41 %
(1) Annual Fixed Salaries presented in the table above are annualised fixed salaries effective as at 31/12. The fixed benefits included in Note 57 of the Financial 
Statements disclose the fixed salaries paid during the year and costs of benefits in kind, such as company car and health care insurance, if applicable, prorated to align 
with the period of the Managing Board mandate. 
(2) LTI value is presented upon the amount granted according the Remuneration Policy. LTI based on IFRS standard 2 “Shared-based payments” value can be seen in 
Note 36 of the Financial Statements.
(3) acting as Managing Board Member from 17 May 2023. 
(4) acting as Managing Board Member from 1 July 2023. 
The Company has not granted any loans, advanced payments 
or guarantees to the members of the Managing Board.
There is no termination clause in case of change of control. 
The potential severance payment in the case of termination 
of contract is 24 months of fixed salary. The limitation to 
twelve months of fixed salary as provided in the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code has been balanced against the 
French AFEP-MEDEF Corporate Governance Code 
recommendations, which provide for a maximum termination 
indemnity of 24 months’ compensation, fixed and variable 
remuneration. The termination indemnity has been limited to 
twice the Annual Fixed Salary, which is in line with the 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 167

Page 170:
relevant best practices in the various jurisdictions in which 
Euronext is active.
Five year Company Performance Overview
Company performance 2019 2020 2021 2022(1) 2023(1)
Financial metrics
Share price (31/12) (EUR)(2) 66.32 82.3 91.25 69.16 78.65
Underlying revenue (EUR million)(1) 679.1 884.3 1298.7 1467.8 1474.7
EBITDA (EUR million) 399.4 520.0 752.8 861.6 864.7
Non-financial metrics
Countries 17 19 18 18 18
Headcount (31/12) 1086 1455 2126 2218 2,315
Average number of FTEs during the financial year 966 1231 1897 2122 2,266
Average annual remuneration of the employees(3) 161 163 149 143 145
(1) Starting in 2022 Financials, underlying values
(2) Adjusted to account for rights issue as necessary (last rights issue took place in May 2021)
(3) Determined by dividing the total wage costs in the financial year (as included in the Note 9 of the financial statements) by the average number of FTEs during the 
financial year. Excluding the Group CEO.
Pay Ratio including social charges
Euronext takes into account the internal pay ratios when 
formulating the Remuneration Policy. In light of 
transparency and clarity, Euronext applied in previous years 
a methodology using total cash, including Annual Fixed 
Salary and Short Term Incentive as disclosed in previous 
years Remuneration Reports. 
The Dutch Corporate Governance code in its latest release 
provided more details on the calculation and now require 
Dutch listed companies to assess the CEO pay ratio 
between (i) the total annual remuneration of the CEO 
including social charges and (ii) the average annual 
remuneration of the employees of the company and the 
group companies whose financial data the company 
consolidates. 
The definition and new methodology provided by the Dutch 
Corporate Governance code is the following:
a. the total annual remuneration of the CEO includes 
all remuneration components such as fixed 
remuneration, variable remuneration in cash 
(bonus), the share-based part of the remuneration, 
social security contributions, pension, expense 
allowance, etc., as included in the consolidated 
financial statements1;
b. the average annual remuneration of the employees 
is determined by dividing the total wage costs in 
the financial year as included in the consolidated 
financial statements 2 by the average number of 
FTEs during the financial year; and
c. the value of the share-based remuneration is 
determined at the time of assignment, in line with 
the applicable rules under the applied reporting 
requirements.
The Group Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratios for the last 
five years with the new methodology as proposed by the 
Dutch Corporate Governance code are presented below: 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Group Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 24.5 28.1 34.6 35.8 36.8
4 Corporate Governance
168
1 Note 9 to the financial statements
2 Note 9 to the financial statements

Page 171:
Long Term Incentive in Performance Shares Overview 
in number of shares Plan Year of 
granting
Outstanding 
as at 1 Jan. 
2023
Granted in 
calendar 
year
Forfeited in 
calendar year
Additional 
performance 
shares vested in 
2023
Vested in 
calendar 
year
Outstanding as 
at 31 Dec. 2023
Stephane Boujnah LTI 2019 In 2022, 24,922 shares vested related to the 2019 LTI plan.
LTI 2020  15,397    7,406  22,803 0
LTI 2021  19,275      19,275 
LTI 2022  15,684      15,684 
LTI 2023   22,522     22,522 
Chris Topple LTI 2019 In 2022, 9,444 shares vested related to the 2019 LTI plan.
LTI 2020  3,768  1,812  5,580 0
LTI 2021  3,663  3,663 
LTI 2022  4,034  4,034 0
LTI 2023  4,669  4,669 0
Manuel Bento LTI 2019 In 2022, 2,748 shares vested related to the 2019 LTI plan.
LTI 2020  1,244   598  1,842 0
LTI 2021  1,401      1,401 
LTI 2022  1,520      1,520 
LTI 2023   4,279     4,279 
Fabrizio Testa LTI 2021  2,926      2,926 
LTI 2022  3,422  3,422 
LTI 2023   4,054     4,054 
Daryl Byrne LTI 2019 In 2022, 6,958 shares vested related to the 2019 LTI plan.
LTI 2020  2,520    1,212  3,732 0
LTI 2021  2,365      2,365 
LTI 2022  2,566      2,566 
LTI 2023   3,040     3,040 
Delphine d'Amarzit LTI 2021  2,628      2,628 
LTI 2022  2,851  2,851 
LTI 2023   3,378     3,378 
Simone Huis in 't 
Veld
LTI 2020  2,520    1,212  3,732  — 
LTI 2021  2,365      2,365 
LTI 2022  2,566  2,566 
LTI 2023   3,040     3,040 
Isabel Ucha LTI 2019 In 2022, 3,952 shares vested related to the 2019 LTI plan.
LTI 2020  1,431    688  2,119  — 
LTI 2021  1,343      1,343 
LTI 2022  1,457      1,457 
LTI 2023   1,726     1,726 
Øvind Amundsen LTI 2020  1,531    736  2,267  — 
LTI 2021  1,576      1,576 
LTI 2022  1,667  1,667 
LTI 2023   1,723     1,723 
Benoît van den 
Hove
LTI 2019
LTI 2020  498    240  738  — 
LTI 2021  467      467 
LTI 2022  506      506 
LTI 2023   600     600 
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 169

Page 172:
Vincent van Dessel LTI 2019 In 2022, 4,838 shares vested related to the 2019 LTI plan.
LTI 2020  1,785    859  2,644  — 
LTI 2021  1,692      1,692 
LTI 2022  1,909      1,909 
LTI 2023   2,513     2,513 
 108,577  51,544  8,703  14,763  45,457  120,724 
4.4.5 Remuneration of Supervisory Board 
Members
Supervisory Board Remuneration Policy
The Remuneration Policy of the Supervisory Board was 
approved in the May 2021 Annual General Meeting, with a 
95.54% percentage of favourable votes.
The principles of the Supervisory Board Remuneration Policy 
are to compensate Supervisory Board members for the time 
dedicated to oversee Euronext in line with responsibilities 
required by the Civil Code, Dutch Corporate Governance Code, 
the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board and the 
Articles of Association.
The Remuneration Policy structure comprise a fixed fee and a 
variable amount per meeting. The Supervisory Board 
Remuneration Policy is aimed at ensuring a balanced, 
sustainable and competitive remuneration package 
supporting the long term strategy of Euronext and intends to 
compensate Supervisory Board members for the time 
dedicated to oversee Euronext in line with responsibilities 
required by the Dutch Civil Code, Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code, the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory 
Board and the Articles of Association.
Given the nature of the Supervisory Board’s responsibilities, 
remuneration is not linked to Company performance. 
Supervisory Board members are not granted equity-based 
compensation, in line with the Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code.
The fee structure for the members of the Supervisory Board 
is the following:
Role Fixed amount Variable amount (per physical meeting)
Chair of the Supervisory Board € 185,000 € 3,500
Vice-Chair of the Supervisory Board € 95,000 € 2,500
Member of the Supervisory Board € 50,000 € 2,500
Chair of the Audit Committee € 30,000 -
Member of the Audit Committee € 9,000 -
Chair of the Risk Committee € 30,000 -
Member of the Risk Committee € 9,000 -
Chair of the Remuneration Committee € 20,000 -
Member of the Remuneration Committee € 9,000 -
Chair of the Governance & Nomination Committee € 20,000 -
Member of the Governance & Nomination Committee € 9,000 -
2023 Remuneration
In line with the Supervisory Board Remuneration Policy, gross amounts paid to members of the Supervisory Board in 2023 are 
disclosed below:
Group Supervisory Board (in '000€) 2019 2020 2021 (a) 2022 2023
Piero Novelli   213 253 249
Dick Sluimers 129 183 198 177 164
Manuel Ferreira da Silva 87 90 82 98 96
Jim Gollan 85 95 32   
Kerstin Günther 81 30    
Luc Keuleneer 81 84 27   
Padraic O’Connor 84 90 90 98 96
Nathalie Rachou 18 94 91 109 104
Franck Silvent 81 84 27   
Morten Thorsrud 17 84 93 117 114
Ramon Fernandez 37     
Alessandra Ferone   53 91 96
Diana Chan   64 116 114
4 Corporate Governance
170


Page 173:
Olivier Sichel   41 75 78
Rika Coppens   53 113 91
(a) The Remuneration Policy of the Supervisory Board has been implemented only for part of 2021, following the approval of the AGM 
in May 2021.
Members of the Supervisory Board, also received 
remuneration in relation to their positions in the Supervisory 
Board of Euronext’s subsidiaries: Dick Sluimers and Rika 
Coppens for their position at Euronext Amsterdam, and Rika 
Coppens for her position at Euronext Brussels. These 
remunerations are disclosed in the figures as illustrated 
below.
Local Boards (in '000€) 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Dick Sluimers 15 15 15 15 15
Rika Coppens    18 30
Euronext does not issue options or share plans or other 
incentive plans to members of the Supervisory Board. 
Euronext has not granted any loans to members of the 
Supervisory Board. There are no service contracts which 
provide for benefits upon termination of employment with 
members of the Supervisory Board.
Appointment and dismissal
The composition of the Supervisory Board has not changed in 
2023.
Corporate Governance
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 171

Page 174:
5 Selected historical financial information and other financial information
172


Page 175:
5
5.1 Selected historical consolidated
financial information and
other financial information
5.2 Other Financial Information
Selected historical financial information and other financial information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 173

Page 176:
5 SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
In accordance with Article 19 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the 
following information is incorporated by reference in the 
Universal Registration Document:
For Financial Year 2022
Required disclosures in the report of the Managing Board 
appearing in the Statement of the Managing Board, the 
Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on pages 
221-312 and the corresponding auditor's report is presented 
on page 316 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed 
with the Autoriteit Financiële Markten on 30 March 2023 and 
available at:
https://www.euronext.com/sites/default/files/financial-
event-doc/2023-08/EUR_2022_URD_MEL
%20FINALE_AUG.pdf 
For Financial Year 2021
Required disclosures in the report of the Managing Board 
appearing in the Statement of the Managing Board, the 
Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on pages 
213-298 and the corresponding auditor's report is presented 
on page 299 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed 
with the Autoriteit Financiële Markten on 31 March 2021 and 
available at:
https://www.euronext.com/sites/default/files/financial-
event-doc/2022-04/2021%20URD%20-%20ENX
%20-%20PDF_1.pdf
5.1 Selected Historical Consolidated Financial 
Information
The selected consolidated financial information set out below 
is derived from the audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 
and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by 
reference to, those Consolidated Financial Statements.
5 Selected historical financial information and other financial information
174


Page 177:
Selected Consolidated Income Statement Data
In thousands of euros
Year ended
31 December 
2023
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Revenue
Listing  220,642  218,380  189,689 
Trading revenue  490,008  514,125  465,265 
of which
▪ Cash trading  265,439  301,714  293,684 
▪ Derivatives trading  54,168  58,380  52,458 
▪ Fixed income trading  107,425  92,951  65,783 
▪ FX trading  25,556  28,406  23,479 
▪ Power trading  37,420  32,674  29,861 
Investor Services  11,375  9,596  8,894 
Advanced data services  224,774  212,053  183,607 
Post-trade  370,183  364,519  320,570 
of which
▪ Clearing  121,283  121,393  101,376 
▪ Custody & Settlement and other  248,900  243,126  219,194 
Euronext Technology Solutions & Other revenue  109,894  100,101  85,498 
Net treasury income/(loss) through CCP business  46,660  (4,913)  35,432 
Other income  1,393  1,530  3,455 
Transitional income / (loss)  (222)  3,419  6,245 
TOTAL REVENUE AND INCOME  1,474,707  1,418,810  1,298,655 
Salaries and employee benefits  (332,416)  (307,017)  (287,073) 
Depreciation and amortisation  (170,131)  (160,191)  (134,572) 
Other operational expenses  (355,923)  (326,344)  (297,719) 
OPERATING PROFIT  616,237  625,258  579,291 
Finance costs  (35,714)  (37,078)  (40,704) 
Finance income (a)  30,526  5,806  1,479 
Other net financing result (a)  5,208  (691)  4,833 
Results from equity investments  23,500  9,842  25,712 
Gain on sale of subsidiaries  (206)  2,274  2,681 
Gain on sale of associates  53,028  —  — 
Share of net profit from associates and joint ventures accounted for 
using the equity method, and impairments thereof  6,533  8,834  7,441 
PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX  699,112  614,245  580,733 
Income tax expense  (162,697)  (163,605)  (158,644) 
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  536,415  450,640  422,089 
PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO:
■ Owners of the parent  513,567  437,827  413,344 
■ Non-controlling interest  22,848  12,813  8,745 
(a) As from 2023, the Group presents finance income separately on the face of the income statement, following increased income from interest 
calculated using the effective interest method. The Group re-presented the comparative periods accordingly by reclassifying €5.8 million in 2022 
and €1.5 million in 2021 from 'Other net financing results' that was originally reported  at €5.1 million in 2022 and at €6.3 million in 2021.
Selected historical financial information and other financial information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 175

Page 178:
Selected Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
In thousands of euros As at 31 
December 2023
As at 31 
December 2022
As at 31 
December 2021
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment  114,373  109,389  97,580 
Right-of-use assets  55,739  42,290  66,168 
Goodwill and other intangible assets  6,108,152  6,205,826  6,215,844 
Deferred tax assets  31,258  18,917  37,489 
Investments in associates and joint ventures  1,329  72,009  69,237 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  262,655  278,219  258,068 
Financial assets at amortised cost  3,452  2,312  2,902 
Other non-current assets  1,088  1,374  1,317 
Total non-current assets  6,578,046  6,730,336  6,748,605 
Current assets
Trade and other receivables  303,515  318,087  394,986 
Other current assets  30,128  27,585  21,573 
Income tax receivables  58,563  54,931  9,965 
Derivative financial instruments  —  —  11,913 
CCP clearing business assets  183,715,218  166,842,539  137,750,884 
Other current financial assets  103,053  162,740  157,590 
Cash and cash equivalents  1,448,788  1,001,082  804,361 
Total current assets  185,659,265  168,406,964  139,151,272 
Assets from disposal groups held for sale  —  —  6,436 
Total assets  192,237,311  175,137,300  145,906,313 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Issued capital  171,370  171,370  171,370 
Share premium  2,432,426  2,432,426  2,432,426 
Reserve own shares  (242,117)  (32,836)  (42,778) 
Retained earnings  1,543,458  1,265,765  1,022,921 
Other reserves  40,554  77,242  63,647 
Shareholders' equity  3,945,691  3,913,967  3,647,586 
Non-controlling interests  139,655  126,339  123,114 
Total equity  4,085,346  4,040,306  3,770,700 
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings  3,031,629  3,027,161  3,044,391 
Lease liabilities  37,314  21,648  50,691 
Deferred tax liabilities  531,895  552,574  592,431 
Post-employment benefits  22,677  19,631  32,123 
Contract liabilities  60,029  63,785  70,276 
Provisions  7,295  7,049  8,847 
Total non-current liabilities  3,690,839  3,691,848  3,798,759 
Current liabilities
Borrowings  17,286  17,370  17,359 
Lease liabilities  22,159  28,466  20,993 
Derivative financial instruments  34  19  — 
CCP clearing business liabilities  183,832,245  166,858,684  137,732,403 
Current income tax liabilities  89,120  28,463  42,068 
Trade and other payables  415,843  396,287  439,856 
Contract liabilities  79,270  75,198  80,546 
Provisions  5,169  659  2,308 
Total current liabilities  184,461,126  167,405,146  138,335,533 
Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale  —  —  1,321 
Total equity and liabilities  192,237,311  175,137,300  145,906,313 
5 Selected historical financial information and other financial information
176


Page 179:
Selected Statement of Cash Flows Data
In thousands of euros
Year ended
31 December 
2023
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Net cash generated by operating activities  826,073  616,486  543,706 
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (b)  155,392  (122,585)  (4,210,509) 
Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities (b)  (519,700)  (282,368)  3,834,087 
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  461,765  211,533  167,284 
Cash and cash equivalents – Beginning of period  1,001,082  809,409  629,469 
Non-cash exchange (losses)/gains on cash and cash equivalents  (14,059)  (19,860)  12,656 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS – END OF PERIOD (a)  1,448,788  1,001,082  809,409 
(a) Includes €5.0 million of cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale for the year ended 31 December 2021.
(b) As from 2023, the Group presents 'interest received' as part of cash flows from investing activities, whereas in previous periods this 
item was presented as part of cash flows from financing activities. The Group re-presented the comparative periods accordingly by 
reclassifying €5.9 million in 2022 and €5.0 million in 2021 from 'Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities' to 'Net cash provided 
by/(used in) investing activities'.
5.2 Other Financial Information
Non-IFRS financial measures
In presenting and discussing the Group’s financial position, 
('underlying') operating results and ('underlying') net results 
throughout this Universal Registration Document, 
management uses certain Alternative performance measures 
not defined by IFRS and that have not been audited or 
reviewed. These Alternative performance measures (APMs) 
should not be viewed in isolation as alternatives to the 
equivalent IFRS measures and should be used as 
supplementary information in conjunction with the most 
directly comparable IFRS measures. Alternative performance 
measures do not have standardised meaning under IFRS and 
therefore may not be comparable to similar measures 
presented by other companies. Euronext believes that these 
measures provide valuable supplemental information to the 
company’s management, investors and other stakeholders to 
evaluate the company’s performance.
The Group presents the line items of its consolidated income 
statement before any 'non-underlying' items, as this highlights 
more clearly trends in the Group’s business and results in more 
reliable and relevant information of the Group’s ongoing 
sustainable financial performance.
The table below summarises the various APMs used 
throughout this Universal Registration Document, as well as 
the Group’s rationale and purpose to use a specific APM.
Alternative Performance Measure Definition Rationale / purpose of use
Adjusted net income Profit attributable to the owners of the 
Parent adjusted for any non-underlying 
items and tax related to those items.
Adjusted net income is used by the Group 
to provide to investors a better 
understanding of the true profitability of 
the Group for the applicable period.
Adjusted EPS The adjusted net income of the Group 
divided by the total weighted average 
number of shares outstanding for the 
period
Adjusted EPS is used by the Group to 
provide to investors a better understanding 
of the true profitability per share of the 
Group for the applicable period.
Free cash flow Net cash generated by operating activities 
minus capital expenditures
Free cash flow represents the cash 
generating capability of the Group to pay 
dividends, repay providers of capital, or 
carry out acquisitions.
Capital expenditures Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
plus purchase of intangible assets, 
including investments in software 
developed in-house
Capital expenditures indicate the Group's 
appetite to invest in existing and new fixed 
assets to maintain or grow the business.
Selected historical financial information and other financial information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 177

Page 180:
Non-underlying items Items of income and expense that are 
material by their size and/or that are 
infrequent and unusual by their nature or 
incidence are not considered to be 
incurred in the normal course of business. 
These items are disclosed in Chapter 8, 
Note 3, section U of the URD. 
Non-underlying items are presented 
separately in the Consolidated Statement 
of Profit or Loss, as defined in section 8.1 
of the URD in order to improve the 
understanding of the operating 
performance of the Group.
Adjusted operating profit Total revenues and income minus salaries 
and employee benefits, minus depreciation 
and amortisation minus other operating 
expenses, adjusted for any non-underlying 
items.
Adjusted operating profit is used by the 
Group to measure its profit generated from 
its core business functions.
Adjusted depreciation and 
amortisation
Depreciation and amortisation, adjusted 
for any non-underlying items.
Adjusted depreciation and amortisation is 
used by the Group to measure its 
depreciation and amortisation generated 
from its core business functions.
Adjusted total revenue and income Total revenue and income, adjusted for any 
non-underlying items.
Adjusted total revenue and income  is used 
by the Group to measure its total revenue 
and income generated from its core 
business functions.
EBITDA Operating profit before depreciation and 
amortisation.
EBITDA is used by the Group to measure its 
operating performance.
Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted operating profit before adjusted 
depreciation and amortisation.
Adjusted EBITDA is used by the Group to 
measure its operating performance, as 
management believes that this 
measurement is most relevant in 
evaluating the operating results of the 
Group. This measure is included in the 
internal management reports that are 
reviewed by the CODM.
EBITDA margin EBITDA (as defined above), divided by total 
revenue and income.
EBITDA margin is used to show the ratio 
between the EBITDA and the revenue and 
income.
Adjusted EBITDA margin Adjusted EBITDA (as defined above), 
divided by adjusted total revenue and 
income.
Adjusted EBITDA margin is used to show 
the ratio between the Adjusted EBITDA and 
the revenue and income.
EBITDA to Net operating cash flow Net cash generated by operating activities, 
divided by EBITDA (as defined above).
This ratio, also called cash conversion 
ratio, is used to assess the efficiency of the 
Group to turn the EBITDA into cash.
Net debt to EBITDA ratio The aggregated non-current and current 
borrowings of the Group less cash and cash 
equivalents of the Group, divided by 
EBITDA (as defined above)
This ratio is used as a proxy to assess the 
Group's solvency (i.e. its ability to face its 
financial commitments in the long run).
5 Selected historical financial information and other financial information
178


Page 181:
The figures used in the reconciliation tables below have been derived from the Consolidated Financial Statements as provided in 
section 8 of this Universal Registration Document.
Reconciliation of Adjusted Total revenue and income, Adjusted Depreciation and amortisation 
and Adjusted Operating Profit
In thousands of euros
Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Total revenue and income  1,474,707  1,418,810  1,298,655 
Non-underlying items included in total revenue and income  —  (48,951)  — 
Adjusted Total revenue and income (a)  1,474,707  1,467,761  1,298,655 
Depreciation and amortisation  (170,131)  (160,191)  (134,572) 
Non-underlying items included in depreciation and amortisation  (95,916)  (91,362)  (73,180) 
Adjusted Depreciation and amortisation (a)  (74,215)  (68,829)  (61,392) 
Operating profit  616,237  625,258  579,291 
Non-underlying items included in total revenues and income  —  (48,951)  — 
Non-underlying items included in salaries and employee benefits  (12,931)  (5,958)  (11,273) 
Non-underlying items included in depreciation and amortisation  (95,916)  (91,362)  (73,180) 
Non-underlying items included in other operational expenses  (65,367)  (21,259)  (45,891) 
Non-underlying items included in operating profit  (174,214)  (167,530)  (130,344) 
Adjusted Operating profit (a)  790,451  792,788  709,635 
(a) Adjusted Operating profit, Adjusted Depreciation and amortisation and Adjusted Total revenue and income are non-IFRS measures and should not 
be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, and should be read in conjunction with Operating profit, Total revenue and income, 
Salaries and employee benefits, Depreciation and amortisation and Other operational expenses.
Reconciliation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBITDA margin, EBITDA to 
Net operating cash flow and Net debt to EBITDA ratio
In thousands of euros (except for percentages and ratios)
Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Operating profit  616,237  625,258  579,291 
Depreciation and amortisation  (170,131)  (160,191)  (134,572) 
EBITDA (a)  786,368  785,449  713,863 
Total revenue and income  1,474,707  1,418,810  1,298,655 
EBITDA margin(a)  53.3 %  55.4 %  55.0 %
Adjusted Operating profit  790,451  792,788  709,635 
Adjusted Depreciation and amortisation  (74,215)  (68,829)  (61,392) 
Adjusted EBITDA (a)  864,666  861,617  771,027 
Adjusted Total revenue and income  1,474,707  1,467,761  1,298,655 
Adjusted EBITDA margin(a)  58.6 %  58.7 %  59.4 %
Net cash generated by operating activities  826,073  616,486  543,706 
EBITDA to Net operating cash flow (a)  105.0 %  78.5 %  76.2 %
Non-current Borrowings  3,031,629  3,027,161  3,044,391 
Current Borrowings  17,286  17,370  17,359 
Less: Cash and cash equivalents  (1,448,788)  (1,001,082)  (804,361) 
Net debt  1,600,127  2,043,449  2,257,389 
Net debt to EBITDA ratio (a)
2.03 2.60 3.16
(a) EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBITDA margin, EBITDA to Net operating cash flow and Net debt to EBITDA ratio are non-IFRS 
measures and should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, and should be read in conjunction with Operating profit, 
Depreciation and amortisation, Total revenue and income, Net cash generated by operating activities, Non-current Borrowings, Current 
Borrowings and Cash and cash equivalents.
Selected historical financial information and other financial information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 179

Page 182:
Reconciliation of Free Cash Flow and Capital Expenditures
In thousands of euros
Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Net cash generated by operating activities  826,073  616,486  543,706 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (27,703)  (31,867)  (33,367) 
Purchase of intangible assets (excluding intangible assets recognised on 
acquisition of subsidiaries)  (75,333)  (67,650)  (34,223) 
Capital Expenditures (a)  (103,036)  (99,517)  (67,590) 
Free Cash Flow (a)  723,037  516,969  476,116 
(a) Free Cash Flow and Capital Expenditures are non-IFRS measures and should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, and 
should be read in conjunction with, Net cash generated by operating activities.
Reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS
Year Ended
In millions of euros, unless stated otherwise 31 December 2023 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Profit attributable to the owners of the Parent  513.6  437.8  413.3 
EPS (Basic Earnings per Share) (€ per share)  4.84  4.10  4.30 
Adjustments for non-underlying items included in:
Total revenue and income  —  (49.0)  — 
Depreciation and amortisation (D&A)  (95.9)  (91.4)  (73.2) 
Operating expenses excluding D&A  (78.3)  (27.2)  (57.2) 
Finance cost  —  —  (9.9) 
(Loss)/gain on disposal of subsidiaries  (0.2)  2.3  2.7 
Gain on sale of associates  53.0  —  — 
Impairment of investments in associates and joint ventures  —  (1.5)  (4.3) 
Non-controlling interests  4.1  4.6  0.9 
Tax related to non-underlying items  46.2  44.7  28.8 
Adjusted Net Income (a)  584.7  555.3  525.5 
Adjusted EPS (€ per share) (a)  5.51  5.21  5.47 
(a) Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS are non-IFRS measures and should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, and 
should be read in conjunction with respectively, Profit attributable to the owners of the Parent and Basic Earnings per Share.
5 Selected historical financial information and other financial information
180


Page 183:
 This page has been intentionally left blank
Selected historical financial information and other financial information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 181

Page 184:
6 General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
182


Page 185:
6
6.1 Legal Information on the Company 6.6 Anti-Takeover Provisions
6.1.1 General
6.1.2 Corporate Objects 6.7 Obligations of Shareholders and
Members of the Managing Board to
6.2 Share Capital Disclose Holdings
6.2.1 Authorised and Issued Share Capital
6.2.2 Issue of Shares 6.8 Short Positions
6.2.3 Pre-Emption Rights
6.2.4 Acquisition of Shares in Euronext's Capital 6.9 Market Abuse Regime
6.2.5 Reduction of Share Capital
6.10 Transparency Directive
6.3 Shareholder Structure
6.11 Dutch Financial Reporting
6.4 Share Classes and Major Shareholders Supervision Act
6.4.1 Reference Shareholders
6.4.2 Major Shareholdings 6.12 Dividends and Other Distributions 
6.5 General Meeting of Shareholders 6.13 2023 Financial Calendar
and Voting Rights
6.5 
General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 183

Page 186:
6 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE 
COMPANY AND ITS SHARE CAPITAL
6.1 Legal information on the company
6.1.1 General
Euronext is a public company with limited liability ( naamloze 
vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the 
Netherlands and is domiciled in the Netherlands. The 
Company was incorporated in the Netherlands on 15  March 
2014. 
Euronext’s statutory seat ( statutaire zetel ) is in Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands, and its registered office and principal place 
of business is at Beursplein 5, 1012 JW Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. 
The Company is registered with the trade register of the 
Chamber of Commerce for Amsterdam, the Netherlands, 
under number 60234520, and the telephone number is +31 
(0)20-7214444. Euronext’s LEI is 724500QJ4QSZ3H9QU415 and 
its corporate website is https://www.euronext.com/en.
Other than the sections of the 2021 and 2022 Universal 
Registration Document that are explicitly incorporated by 
reference in this Universal Registration Document, the 
contents of Euronext’s website, or of websites accessible 
from hyperlinks on that website, do not form part of, and are 
not incorporated by reference into, this Universal 
Registration Document.
6.1.2 Corporate Objects
Euronext’s corporate objects, as set out in Article  3 of the 
Articles of Association, are to participate and to manage 
other enterprises and companies of which the objects are to 
set up, develop, hold and operate, directly or indirectly, one or 
more regulated and other markets or other facilities with 
regard to the listing of, the trading in, the post-trade 
processing of transactions in, and related services and 
process in, securities and derivatives, as well as to manage 
and finance subsidiaries, to enter into joint ventures with 
other enterprises and other companies engaged in one or 
more of the activities referred to above; to acquire, operate 
and dispose of industrial and intellectual property rights as 
well as real property; to provide security for the debts of the 
Company, its subsidiaries or any other legal person and to 
undertake all that is connected to the foregoing or in 
furtherance thereof.
6.2 Share capital
6.2.1 Authorised and Issued Share Capital
Under the Articles of Association, Euronext’s authorised 
share capital amounts to €200,000,001.60 and is divided into 
125,000,000  Ordinary Shares, each with a nominal value of 
€1.60 and one priority share with a nominal value of €1.60. All 
of Euronext’s shares have been or will be created under Dutch 
law.
Throughout 2023, Euronext’s issued share capital amounted 
to €171,370,070.40 and was divided into 107,106,294 Ordinary 
Shares. As of 31 December 2023, Euronext held 3,440,126 
shares in its own shares. The Priority Share is currently not 
outstanding. All shares that are issued at the date of this 
Universal Registration Document are fully paid up. 
As of 31 December 2022, Euronext’s issued share capital 
amounted to €171,370,070.40 and was divided into 107,106,294 
Ordinary Shares. 
All shares carry the same voting rights, with the exception of 
shares that are held by the Company or its subsidiaries, which 
are not entitled to be voted upon. There are no convertible 
securities, exchangeable securities or securities with 
warrants in Euronext. All of the Ordinary Shares represent 
capital in Euronext. No share or loan capital of any member of 
the Euronext group is under option or agreed, conditionally or 
unconditionally, to be put under option.
Between 31 July 2023 and 4 January 2024, a €200 million 
share repurchase programme ("the Programme") was 
completed. The Programme was implemented in accordance 
with the authorisation given to the Managing Board of the 
Company at the 2023 Annual General Meeting on 17 May 2023 
to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company 
on behalf of the Company to a limit of 10.0% of the share 
capital of the Company. Over the duration of the programme, 
2,870,787 shares, or approximately 2.7% of Euronext’s share 
capital as of 31 December 2023, were repurchased at an 
average price of €69.67 per share.
The purpose of the Programme was to reduce the share 
capital of Euronext and the Programme was executed by a 
financial intermediary in compliance with applicable rules and 
regulations, including the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052.
Euronext is subject to the provisions of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act and the Articles of Association with regard to 
the issue of shares following admission. The shares are in 
registered form and are only available in the form of an entry 
in Euronext’s shareholders’ register and not in certificated 
form. 
6.2.2 Issue of Shares
Under its Articles of Association Euronext may issue shares, 
or grant rights to subscribe for shares, only pursuant to a 
6 General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
184


Page 187:
resolution of the General Meeting upon proposal of the 
Supervisory Board or upon proposal of the Managing Board, 
which proposal has been approved by the Supervisory Board.
Euronext’s Articles of Association provide that the General 
Meeting may designate the authority to issue shares or grant 
rights to subscribe for shares, to the Managing Board upon 
proposal of the Supervisory Board on a proposal of the 
Managing Board, which proposal has been approved by the 
Supervisory Board. Pursuant to the Dutch Civil Code and 
Euronext’s Articles of Association, the period of designation 
may not exceed five years. Such designation may be renewed 
by a resolution of the General Meeting for a subsequent period 
of up to five years each time. Unless the resolution 
determines otherwise, the designation is irrevocable. At the 
designation, the number of shares which may be issued by the 
Managing Board must be determined.
On 17 May 2023, the General Meeting designated the Managing 
Board as per 17 May 2023 for a period of eighteen months or 
until the date on which the meeting again extends the 
designation, if earlier, as the competent body to, subject to 
the approval of the Supervisory Board, issue ordinary shares 
and to grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares up to a 
total of 10% of the currently issued ordinary share capital.
As set out in the IPO prospectus of 10 June 2014, Euronext has 
an agreement with its Reference Shareholders to give 
reasonable prior notice if it uses this authority for share 
issuances in case of a merger or acquisition transaction. By 
supplemental letter agreement dated 29 April 2021 Euronext 
has, in addition, undertaken towards its Reference 
Shareholders that it will not use this authority for any share 
issuances, if and to the extent pursuant to such issuance the 
joint shareholding of the Reference Shareholders in Euronext 
N.V. would dilute to below 18.18%. 
6.2.3 Pre-Emption Rights
Dutch company law and Euronext’s Articles of Association in 
most cases give shareholders pre-emption rights to 
subscribe on a pro rata  basis for any issue of new shares or 
upon a grant of rights to subscribe for shares. Exceptions to 
these pre-emption rights include the issue of shares and the 
grant of rights to subscribe for shares (i)  to Euronext’s 
employees, (ii) in return for non-cash consideration, or (iii) the 
issue of shares to persons exercising a previously granted 
right to subscribe for shares.
A shareholder may exercise pre-emption rights during a 
period of two weeks from the date of the announcement of 
the issue or grant. The General Meeting or the Managing 
Board, if so designated by the General Meeting, may restrict 
the right or exclude shareholder pre-emption rights. A 
resolution by the General Meeting to designate the authority 
to exclude or limit pre-emption rights to the Managing Board 
requires a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast if 
less than 50% of Euronext’s issued share capital is 
represented and can only be taken upon proposal of the 
Supervisory Board or upon proposal of the Managing Board, 
which proposal has been approved by the Supervisory Board. 
If the General Meeting has not designated this authority to the 
Managing Board, the General Meeting may itself vote to limit 
or exclude pre-emption rights and will also require a majority 
of at least two-thirds of the votes cast, if less than 50% of 
Euronext’s issued share capital is represented at the General 
Meeting.
On 17 May 2023, the General Meeting designated the Managing 
Board as per 17 May 2023 for a period of eighteen months or 
until the date on which the meeting again extends the 
designation, if earlier, as the competent body to, subject to 
the approval of the Supervisory Board, restrict or exclude the 
pre-emptive rights of shareholders pertaining to (the right to 
subscribe for) ordinary shares upon any issuance of ordinary 
shares (as referred to in Item 10a of the agenda of the 
meeting).
The Company has an agreement with its Reference 
shareholders (see section   6.4.1 - Reference Shareholders ) to 
give reasonable prior notice if Euronext uses this authority for 
share issuances in case of a merger or acquisition 
transaction.
6.2.4 Acquisition of Shares in Euronext’s 
Capital
Euronext may acquire fully paid shares at any time for no 
consideration (om niet), or, subject to the following provisions 
of Dutch law and its Articles of Association, Euronext may 
acquire fully paid shares for consideration, namely if (i)  its 
shareholders’ equity, less the payment required to make the 
acquisition, does not fall below the sum of paid-in and called-
up share capital and any statutory reserves, (ii) Euronext and 
its subsidiaries would thereafter not hold shares or hold a 
pledge over Euronext shares with an aggregate nominal value 
exceeding 50% of its issued share capital, and (iii)  the 
Managing Board has been authorised by the General Meeting, 
with the prior approval of the Supervisory Board.
Authorisation from the General Meeting to acquire Euronext 
shares must specify the number and class of shares that may 
be acquired, the manner in which shares may be acquired and 
the price range within which shares may be acquired. Such 
authorisation will be valid for no more than eighteen months. 
Any shares Euronext holds may not be voted or counted for 
voting quorum purposes.
On 17 May 2023, the General Meeting designated the Managing 
Board as per 17 May 2023 for a period of eighteen months or 
until the date on which the meeting again extends the 
authorisation, if earlier, to, subject to the approval of the 
Supervisory Board, have the Company acquire ordinary shares 
in the share capital of the Company through purchase on a 
stock exchange or otherwise. The authorisation is given for 
the purchase of up to 10% of the issued ordinary shares at the 
time of the purchase, for a purchase price between (a) the par 
value of the ordinary shares at the time of the purchase and 
(b)  the average closing price of the ordinary shares on 
Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Brussels and 
Euronext Lisbon, during the five trading days preceding the 
day of purchase within a margin of 10% of that purchase 
price. Under the Facilities Agreement (see section   7.1.11 - 
Facilities Agreement) , Euronext’s ability to acquire its shares 
is restricted, subject to certain exceptions.
6.2.5 Reduction of Share Capital
Under Euronext’s Articles of Association, upon a proposal 
from the Supervisory Board, or upon proposal of the Managing 
Board, which has been approved by the Supervisory Board, 
the General Meeting may resolve to reduce Euronext’s issued 
and outstanding share capital by cancelling its shares, or by 
amending Euronext’s Articles of Association to reduce the 
nominal value of its shares. The decision to reduce Euronext’s 
share capital requires a majority of at least two-thirds of the 
General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 185

Page 188:
votes cast if less than 50% of Euronext’s issued share capital 
is present or represented at the General Meeting.
The General Meeting will be requested during the 2024 Annual 
General Meeting on 15 May 2024 to authorise the Managing 
Board of the Company to confirm the cancellation by way of 
withdrawal of the 2,870,787 shares that were purchased under 
the share repurchase programme mentioned in section 6.2.1 - 
Authorised and Issued Share Capital . If approved, the 
resolution of the Managing Board will be deposited at the 
trade register and announced in a national newspaper for a 
period of 2 months following the announcement. 
6.3 Shareholder Structure
The shareholding structure as of 31 December 2023 was as follows
.
Shareholder Number of shares % of capital
Reference shareholders (a)  25,501,046  23.81% 
Treasury Shares  3,440,126  3.21% 
of which shares repurchased under the share repurchase programme  2,870,632  2.68% 
Employees  123,015  0.11% 
Free float  78,042,107  72.86% 
TOTAL  107,106,294  100.00% 
(a) Only includes the shares held within the Reference Shareholders Agreement
(b) Treasury shares include shares acquired as part of the share repurchase programme, which will be cancelled
Geographic breakdown of the shareholders as of 
31 December 2023
United States, 27.2%
United Kingdom, 15.2%
France, 18.2%
Belgium, 10.2%
Italy, 9.3%
Netherlands, 4.3%
Rest of Europe, 5.1%
Rest of the 
World, 10.5%
6.4 Share classes and Major Shareholders
6.4.1 Reference Shareholders
Prior to the IPO, on 27 May 2014, a group of institutional 
investors (collectively, the “Reference Shareholders”, and 
each a “Reference Shareholder”) purchased an aggregate of 
33.36% of the issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares from 
ICE, the selling shareholder at the IPO, at €19.20 or a 4% 
discount to the offer price (€20.00).
The initial group of Reference shareholders was comprised of 
Novo Banco, BNP Paribas S.A., BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. through its subsidiary ABN AMRO 
6 General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
186


Page 189:
Participaties Fund I B.V., ASR Levensverzekering N.V. (a 
company of the ASR Nederland group), Caisse des Dépôts et 
Consignations, Bpifrance Participations, Euroclear S.A./N.V., 
Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement/
Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij, Société 
Générale and Banco BPI Pension Fund represented by BPI 
Vida e Pensões – Companhia de Seguros, S.A.
On 3 June 2014, the initial Reference Shareholders entered 
into an agreement (the “Reference Shareholders Agreement”) 
in relation to their shareholdings in Euronext N.V.. 
Subsequently, a first Reference Shareholders extension 
agreement was executed on 17 June 2017 and a second 
Reference Shareholders Agreement on 20 June 2019 (the 
initial Reference Shareholders Agreement, the first extension 
and the second extension collectively also referred to as the 
"Reference Shareholders Agreement"). The Reference 
Shareholders Agreement provided that it and all restrictions 
and requirements thereunder would terminate on 20 June 
2021 unless extended by written agreement.
As such, on 29 April 2021, as part of the completion of the 
acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group, CDP Equity and Intesa 
SanPaolo acceded to the Reference Shareholders Agreement 
by entering into the extension and amendment agreement 
with the Reference Shareholders (the “Extension Agreement”), 
and accordingly the letter agreement between Euronext and 
the Reference Shareholders was amended. One party left the 
group of Reference Shareholders. The Reference 
Shareholders Agreement, as extended and amended by the 
Extension Agreement, will terminate three years from 
completion, thus on 29 April 2024.
As at 31 December 2023, the Reference Shareholders are:
Name of reference shareholder Number of 
shares
Individual 
shareholding 
(% of capital)
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations  7,840,000  7.32% 
CDP Equity  7,840,000  7.32% 
Euroclear S.A./N.V.  4,284,252  4.00% 
Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement/ Federale Participatie- en 
Investeringsmaatschappij  3,391,200  3.17% 
Intesa SanPaolo  1,606,594  1.50% 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. through its subsidiary ABN AMRO Participaties Fund I B.V.  539,000  0.50% 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDING (a) 25,501,046  23.81% 
(a) Only includes the shares held within the Reference Shareholders Agreement
Changes in reference shareholders ownership post 31 
December 2023
On 8 March 2024, an announcement was published confirming 
that Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement, 
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations and CDP Equity agreed 
with Euroclear S.A./N.V. to acquire from Euroclear S.A/N.V 
respectively 2,142,126, 535,531 and 535,531 shares in the share 
capital of Euronext N.V., representing respectively 2.0%, 
0.5% and 0.5% of the share capital of the Company. 
Share Transfer Restriction
Under the Reference Shareholders Agreement, as amended 
on 29 April 2021, each of the Reference Shareholders has 
agreed not to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any of 
the Ordinary Shares such Reference Shareholder holds 
pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement for a period of 
three years commencing on 29 April 2021(the “Restricted 
Period”). This transfer restriction does not apply to transfers 
to: (1) affiliates of a Reference Shareholder, provided that the 
transferee agrees to be bound by this transfer restriction and 
the other terms and conditions of the Reference 
Shareholders Agreement and shall accede to the Reference 
Shareholders Agreement; (2) another Reference Shareholder, 
provided that the Ordinary Shares transferred will continue to 
be subject to the transfer restriction and the other terms and 
conditions of the Reference Shareholders Agreement as if 
originally held by the acquiring Reference Shareholder; and (3) 
a third party with the unanimous consent in writing of the 
Reference Shareholders (subject to the consent of the 
relevant regulator(s)), such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld and provided the third party shall accede to the 
Reference Shareholders Agreement, and further provided 
that no mandatory bid obligation is triggered by such 
transfer). In the event of transfers to an affiliate of a 
Reference Shareholder, such affiliate must re-transfer the 
relevant Ordinary Shares to the initial Reference Shareholder 
prior to ceasing to be an affiliate of such Reference 
Shareholder. In the event of proposed transfers to another 
Reference Shareholder, the other Reference Shareholders 
will have a right of first refusal pro rata to their respective 
holdings. In addition, repo and securities lending transactions 
may be excluded from this restriction on the basis of 
guidelines to be agreed. 
In addition, notwithstanding this share transfer restriction:
■ ABN AMRO Bank N.V. and Intesa SanPaolo may each 
elect to leave the Reference Shareholders 
Agreement and other ancillary agreements during a 
30-day period commencing on the date that is two 
years after the commencement of the Restricted 
Period by giving written notice to the other parties 
to the Reference Shareholders Agreement, provided 
that the remaining Reference Shareholders shall 
have a right to acquire all restricted Ordinary Shares 
held by the departing Reference Shareholder, pro 
rata to their respective holdings. Each of the 
remaining Reference Shareholders may also elect to 
appoint a third-party purchaser to acquire such 
restricted Ordinary Shares in accordance with these 
provisions. Any restricted Ordinary Shares not taken 
up by the remaining Reference Shareholders shall 
cease to be subject to these transfer restrictions. 
Such a departing Reference Shareholder may also 
elect to diminish the extent of its restricted Ordinary 
Shares after such two years. In that case, the same 
General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 187

Page 190:
procedure will apply for the part of the interest the 
departing Reference Shareholder wants to exit; and
■ where an Emergency Event3 occurs in respect of any 
of the Reference Shareholders or any of its 
affiliates, the departing Reference Shareholder may 
elect to leave the Reference Shareholders 
Agreement and other ancillary agreements by giving 
written notice to the other parties to the Reference 
Shareholders Agreement, provided that the 
remaining Reference Shareholders shall have a right 
to acquire all restricted Ordinary Shares held by the 
departing Reference Shareholder, pro rata to their 
respective holdings. Each of the remaining 
Reference Shareholders may also elect to appoint a 
third party purchaser to acquire such restricted 
Ordinary Shares in accordance with these 
provisions. Any restricted Ordinary Shares not taken 
up by the remaining Reference Shareholders shall 
cease to be subject to these transfer restrictions. A 
departing Reference Shareholder may also elect to 
diminish the extent of its restricted Ordinary Shares 
in case of an Emergency Event. In that case, the 
same procedure will apply for the part of the interest 
the departing Reference Shareholder wants to exit. 
Moreover, pursuant to the Reference Shareholders 
Agreement: (1) each Reference Shareholder has such number 
of votes equal to the aggregate number of restricted Ordinary 
Shares held by the Reference Shareholder and its affiliates. 
The restriction in the Reference Shareholders Agreement 
that no Reference Shareholder shall at any time have one-
third or more of the votes within the Committee of 
Representatives of the Reference Shareholders regardless of 
the number of Ordinary Shares held will be removed; and (2) 
any resolution having a potential impact on the Company’s 
strategy and/or on the principles of the federal model and the 
business of the stock exchanges operated by the Combined 
Group will, in addition to the existing matters, require a 
qualified majority of two thirds of the votes cast. 
The Reference Shareholders Agreement, as extended and 
amended, will terminate three years from completion of the 
Transaction.
Further Restrictions
Each of the Reference shareholders has agreed not to enter 
into any transaction or do anything, and not to permit its 
affiliates to enter into any transaction or do anything, if such 
transaction or action would result in the Reference 
shareholders or any of them becoming obligated or being 
forced to make a mandatory bid (verplicht openbaar bod) for 
the Ordinary Shares within the meaning of section 5:70 of the 
Dutch Wet op het financieel toezicht (Financial Supervision 
Act) implementing Article 5 of Directive 2004/25/EC.
Supervisory Board Representation
The Reference shareholders, acting jointly, have the right to 
propose one third of the Supervisory Board members. 
Members of the Supervisory Board appointed upon  
nomination by the Reference shareholders are referred to as 
“Reference shareholder directors”. The Supervisory Board 
undertakes to nominate the person proposed by the 
Reference shareholders to the shareholders meeting of 
Euronext, absent its objection to such nomination on the 
grounds of the nominee reasonably not meeting the suitability 
and integrity criteria under applicable Dutch law and subject 
to any applicable regulatory assessments, approvals and 
requirements.
Reference shareholder directors are appointed by the General 
Meeting for four year terms. Should the Reference 
Shareholders Agreement terminate prior to the end of such 
term, the term shall end on the day following the next General 
Meeting of Euronext N.V.
Committee of Representatives
Each Reference shareholder has appointed one 
representative and one alternate duly authorised to represent 
and act for and in the name of the relevant Reference 
shareholder and any and all of its affiliates for all purposes of 
the Reference shareholders Agreement, who shall be the 
contact person vis-à-vis the other Reference shareholders 
and the Company. The representatives of all Reference 
shareholders constitute the Committee of Representatives 
which decides on all matters requiring a joint decision of the 
Reference shareholders. The decisions of the Committee of 
Representatives shall be binding upon all Reference 
shareholders.
Voting
Other than as indicated below, the decisions of the 
Committee of Representatives are adopted by absolute 
majority of the votes cast.   A qualified majority of two thirds 
of the votes cast is required as indicated below. Each 
Reference shareholder has a number of votes equal to the 
aggregate number of Ordinary Shares held by it and its 
affiliates, provided that no Reference shareholder shall have 
over one-third of the votes of the Committee of 
Representatives regardless of the number of Ordinary Shares 
it holds.
Whenever the Reference Shareholders Agreement requires 
joint decision making of the Reference shareholders in the 
General Meeting, each Reference shareholder will exercise 
and will cause any of its affiliates to exercise, its voting rights 
in such shareholders’ Meeting in accordance with the decision 
of the Committee of Representatives on the relevant subject.
The Reference shareholders agree to vote in accordance with 
the decision of the Committee of Representatives on any 
proposed shareholders’ resolutions.
The following resolutions require a qualified majority of two 
thirds of the votes cast:
■ any issuance of Ordinary Shares by the Company or 
rights to acquire Ordinary Shares (and exclusion or 
limitation or pre-emption rights, as the case may 
be);
■ any decrease in the share capital of the Company;
■ any authorisation for the Company to acquire its 
own shares;
■ any issuance of securities other than Ordinary 
Shares, to the extent these give exposure to 
Ordinary Shares, including but not limited to hybrids 
and covered bonds;
6 General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
188
3 an Emergency Event is a material action taken in respect of a member of the group of the departing Reference Shareholder as contemplated by the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or other 
similar action in respect of a member of the group of the departing Reference Shareholder. 

Page 191:
■ any proposal to appoint, suspend or remove any 
member of the Supervisory Board (including but not 
limited to any Reference shareholders director);
■ any going private transaction or other change of 
control of the Company;
■ any major identity transforming transactions 
requiring shareholders’ approval pursuant to section 
2:107a of the Dutch Civil Code;
■ any other major acquisitions or disposals not 
requiring approval under section 2:107a of the Dutch 
Civil Code;
■ any amendment of the Articles of Association of the 
Company; and
■ any proposal for legal merger, demerger, conversion 
or dissolution of the Company.
For the following resolutions, the adoption is by absolute 
majority of the votes cast:
■ any proposal to appoint, suspend or remove any 
member of the Managing Board;
■ adoption of the annual Financial Statements of the 
Company;
■ discharge of the members of the Managing Board 
and the Supervisory Board; and
■ any dividend or other distribution to shareholders.
Termination
The Reference Shareholders Agreement and all restrictions 
and requirements thereunder or pursuant thereto shall 
terminate upon the earlier of (i) expiry of the Restricted 
Period (as defined in the ‘Transaction’ section below), unless 
extended by written agreement signed by all Reference 
shareholders, subject to any regulatory declarations of no 
objection or regulatory approvals, (ii) the Company entering 
into bankruptcy or being granted a (provisional) suspension of 
payment, and (iii) at any time after the Restricted Period, the 
aggregate shareholding of the Reference shareholders 
becoming less than 21% of the issued share capital of the 
Company unless increased to at least 21% again within 30 
days after such event. The Reference Shareholders 
Agreement terminated on 21 June 2021.
Letter Agreement
In addition to the Reference Shareholders Agreement as 
amended and extended as set forth above, Euronext N.V. and 
the Reference Shareholders have entered into an agreement 
governing their relationship (the “Letter Agreement”). The 
initial Letter Agreement is dated 4 June 2014 and was 
supplemented on 25 March 2015 and amended and extended 
on 13 June 2017, and subsequently amended and extended on 
17 June 2019. Simultaneously with the Extension Agreement, 
the Letter Agreement was amended on 29 April 2021 and 
extended in the context of the Transaction as defined below. 
The main purpose of the Letter Agreement is to enhance and 
reinforce the regular dialogue between Euronext and the 
Reference Shareholders, addressing (i) the right of the 
Reference Shareholders to retain one third of the Supervisory 
Board seats, (ii) the use by Euronext of the delegated 
authorities for the issuance / repurchase of shares, with the 
possible exclusion or restriction of pre-emption rights, (iii) the 
process of communication between Euronext and the 
Reference Shareholders, which includes periodical meetings 
on topics including strategy, governance and financing 
structure; and (iv) the involvement of the Reference 
shareholders in the selection procedure in case of any 
vacancies for the CEO, the COO or Supervisory Board 
positions.
6.4.2 Major Shareholdings
On top of the Reference Shareholders who jointly own 23.81%4 
and whose individual holdings are disclosed above and 
according to the AFM any substantial holding, gross long and 
gross short positions in issuing institutions and shares with 
special controlling rights have to be notified. The duty to 
notify applies to legal entities as well as natural persons.
An issuing institution is: a public limited company ( naamloze 
vennootschap) incorporated under Dutch law whose 
(depositary receipts for) shares are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the Netherlands or in another Member 
State of the European Union or an EEA State, or a legal entity 
incorporated under the law of a state that is not an European 
Union Member State and whose (depositary receipts for) 
shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
Netherlands.
As soon as the substantial holding, gross long or or gross 
short position equals or exceeds 3% of the issued capital, the 
holder should report this. Subsequently, it should notify the 
AFM again when its substantial holding, gross long or gross 
short position consequently reaches, exceeds or falls below a 
threshold. This can be caused by the acquisition or disposal of 
shares by the shareholder or because the issued capital of the 
issuing institution is increased or decreased. Thresholds are: 
3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 75% and 
95%.
The AFM notifies the Company of such disclosures and 
includes them in a register, which is published on the AFM’s 
website. Furthermore, an obligation to disclose (net) short 
positions is set out in the EU Regulation on Short Selling.
In  2023 and from 1  January 2024 until the publication of this 
Universal Registration Document, the following crossings of 
thresholds were declared:
General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 189
4 Only including share held within the Reference Shareholder Agreement

Page 192:
Date Shareholder having crossed the threshold Crossing of 
threshold in 
capital and 
voting right
Type No of 
shares 
declared
% of voting 
rights at date 
of declaration
28/01/2023 Amundi Asset Management  3 % Increase  3,321,249  3.11 %
22/02/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,675,507  4.20 %
03/01/2023 Amundi Asset Management  3 % Decrease  3,057,126  2.85 %
03/06/2023 Amundi Asset Management  3 % Increase  3,216,516  3.00 %
23/03/2023 Amundi Asset Management  3 % Decrease  3,321,249  2.82 %
13/04/2023 Amundi Asset Management  3 % Increase  3,276,581  3.06 %
05/08/2023 Black Rock Inc.  3 % Decrease  3,467,826  3.99 %
05/09/2023 Black Rock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,532,663  4.05 %
22/05/2023 Black Rock Inc.  3 % Decrease  3,426,434  3.97 %
26/05/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,488,687  4.03 %
06/07/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,509,641  4.07 %
06/09/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,549,332  4.11 %
13/06/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Decrease  3,496,263  4.06 %
08/07/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Decrease  3,463,159  4.02 %
08/08/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,520,812  4.08 %
17/08/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Decrease  3,477,367  4.02 %
18/08/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,536,578  4.07 %
16/10/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Decrease  3,425,648  3.96 %
24/10/2023 Capital Research and Management Company  5 % Increase  4,323,169  4.97 %
13/11/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Decrease  3,384,783  3.91 %
16/11/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,386,705  3.91 %
17/11/2023 BlackRock Inc.  3 % Increase  3,387,379  3.91 %
07/03/2024 Société Fédérale de Participations et d'Investissement (SFPI)  5 % Increase  5,533,326  24.16 %
07/03/2024 Euroclear SA/NV  3 % Decrease  1,444,755  24.16 %
None of Euronext’s shareholders hold 10% or more in the 
capital of the Company.
As of the date of publication of the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document, the only shareholders owning more 
than 3% (excluding the Reference Shareholders that jointly 
own 23.81%) and declaring it to the AFM are listed below:
Shareholder having crossed the threshold Nb of shares % of voting rights at date of declaration
Massachusetts Financial Services Company 5,385,551  6.55 %
Capital Research and Management Company  4,323,169  4.97 %
BlackRock Inc.  3,387,379  3.91 %
Amundi Asset Management  3,276,581  3.06 %
6.5 General Meeting of Shareholders and Voting Rights
The Annual General Meeting must be held within six months 
after the end of each financial year. An Extraordinary General 
Meeting may be convened, whenever Euronext’s interests so 
require, by the Managing Board or the Supervisory Board. 
Shareholders representing alone or in aggregate at least one-
tenth of Euronext’s issued and outstanding share capital may, 
pursuant to the Dutch Civil Code, request that a General 
Meeting be convened. Within three months of it becoming 
apparent to the Managing Board that Euronext’s equity has 
decreased to an amount equal to or lower than one-half of the 
paid-in and called-up capital, a General Meeting will be held to 
discuss any requisite measures.
Euronext will give notice of each General Meeting by 
publication on its website and in any other manner that 
Euronext may be required to follow in order to comply with and 
the applicable requirements of regulations pursuant to the 
listing of its shares on Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext 
Brussels, Euronext Lisbon and Euronext Paris. The notice 
convening any General Meeting must include, among other 
items, an agenda indicating the place and date of the meeting, 
the items for discussion and voting, the proceedings for 
registration including the registration date, as well as any 
proposals for the agenda. Pursuant to Dutch law, shareholders 
holding at least 3% of Euronext’s issued and outstanding share 
6 General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
190


Page 193:
capital have a right to request the Managing Board and the 
Supervisory Board to include items on the agenda of the 
General Meeting. The  Managing  Board  and  the Supervisory 
Board must agree to these requests, provided that (i)  the 
request was made in writing and motivated, and (ii) the request 
was received by the Chair of the Managing Board or the Chair 
of the Supervisory Board at least sixty days prior to the date of 
the General Meeting.
The Managing Board must give notice of a General Meeting, by 
at least such number of days prior to the day of the meeting as 
required by Dutch law, which is currently forty-two days.
Each shareholder (as well as other persons with voting rights 
or meeting rights) may attend the General Meeting, to address 
the General Meeting and, in so far as they have such right, to 
exercise voting rights pro rata  to its shareholding, either in 
person or by proxy. Shareholders may exercise these rights, if 
they are the holders of shares on the registration date which is 
currently the 28th day before the day of the meeting, and they 
or their proxy have notified Euronext of their intention to 
attend the meeting in writing at the address and by the date 
specified in the notice of the meeting.
The Managing Board may decide that persons entitled to 
attend General Meetings and vote there may, within a period 
prior to the General Meeting to be set by the Managing Board, 
which period cannot start prior to the registration date, cast 
their vote electronically or by post in a manner to be decided 
by the Managing Board. Votes cast in accordance with the 
previous sentence are equal to votes cast at the meeting.
Each shareholder may cast one vote for each Ordinary Share 
held. Members of the Managing Board and the Supervisory 
Board may attend a General Meeting in which they have an 
advisory role. The voting rights attached to shares are 
suspended as long as such shares are held by Euronext. The 
rights of the holders of Ordinary Shares that were offered and 
sold in the Offering rank pari passu with each other and with all 
other holders of the Ordinary Shares, including the Reference 
shareholders, with respect to voting rights and distributions. 
Euronext has no intention of changing the rights of 
shareholders.
Resolutions of the General Meeting are taken by an absolute 
majority, except where Dutch law or Euronext’s Articles of 
Association provide for a qualified majority or unanimity.
One General Meeting was held in 2023.
The Annual General Meeting was held on 17  May 2023. In this 
meeting decisions were taken to adopt the 2022 Financial 
Statements, to declare a dividend of €2.22 per ordinary share, 
to discharge the members of the Managing Board and 
Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during 
the year  2022, to re-appoint Nathalie Rachou and Morten 
Thorsrud to the Supervisory Board, to re-appoint Stéphane 
Boujnah, Daryl Byrne, Chris Topple and Isabel Ucha to the 
Managing Board, to appoint Manuel Bento and Benoît van den 
Hove to the Managing Board, to appoint Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP 5 as the Company’s external auditors, and to 
designate the Managing Board as the competent body to 
1)  issue ordinary shares, 2)  to restrict or exclude the pre-
emptive rights of shareholders and 3)  to acquire ordinary 
shares in the share capital of the Company on behalf of the 
Company. 
 
6.6 Anti-Takeovers Provisions
Euronext currently does not have any anti-takeover provisions.
6.7 Obligations of Shareholders and Members of the 
Managing Board to Disclose Holdings
Shareholders may be subject to notification obligations under 
the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. Pursuant to chapter 5.3 of 
the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, any person who, directly 
or indirectly, acquires or disposes of an actual or potential 
capital interest and/or voting rights in the Company must 
immediately give written notice to the AFM of such acquisition 
or disposal by means of a standard form if, as a result of such 
acquisition or disposal, the percentage of capital interest and/
or voting rights held by such person reaches, exceeds or falls 
below the following thresholds: 3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 
30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 75% and 95%. In addition, any person 
whose capital interest or voting rights reaches, exceeds or 
falls below a threshold due to a change in Euronext’s 
outstanding share capital, or in votes that can be cast on the 
shares as notified to the AFM by the Company, should notify 
the AFM no later than the fourth trading day after the AFM has 
published Euronext’s notification of the change in its 
outstanding share capital.
Each person holding an interest in Euronext’s share capital or 
voting rights of 3% or more at the time of admission of 
Euronext’s shares to trading must immediately notify the AFM. 
Furthermore, every holder of 3% or more of the Company’s 
share capital or voting rights whose interest at 31 December at 
midnight differs from a previous notification to the AFM must 
notify the AFM within four weeks.
For the purpose of calculating the percentage of capital 
interest or voting rights, the following interests must be taken 
into account: (i)  shares and/or voting rights directly held (or 
acquired or disposed of) by any person, (ii)  shares and/or 
General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 191
5 Whose principal place of business is at Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Rotterdam in the 
Netherlands under number 24432944. The office address of the independent auditor of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP that signed the independent auditor’s report is Cross Towers, Antonio 
Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The auditor  signing  the  independent  auditor's  reports  on  behalf  of  Ernst  &  Young  Accountants LLP is a member of the Royal Netherlands 
Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).

Page 194:
voting rights held (or acquired or disposed of) by such person’s 
subsidiaries or by a third party for such person’s account or by 
a third party with whom such person has concluded an oral or 
written voting agreement, (iii) voting rights acquired pursuant 
to an agreement providing for a temporary transfer of voting 
rights in consideration for a payment, and (iv)  shares and/or 
voting rights which such person, or any controlled entity or 
third party referred to above, may acquire pursuant to any 
option or other right to acquire shares and/or the attached 
voting rights.
Special rules apply to the attribution of shares and/or voting 
rights that are part of the property of a partnership or other 
form of joint ownership. A holder of a pledge or right of 
usufruct in respect of shares can also be subject to 
notification obligations, if such person has, or can acquire, the 
right to vote on the shares. The acquisition of (conditional) 
voting rights by a pledgee or beneficial owner may also trigger 
notification obligations as if the pledgee or beneficial owner 
were the legal holder of the shares and/or voting rights. Under 
the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, Euronext was required to 
file a report with the AFM promptly after the date of listing its 
shares setting out its issued and outstanding share capital and 
voting rights. Thereafter, Euronext is required to notify the 
AFM promptly of any change of 1% or more in its issued and 
outstanding share capital or voting rights since the previous 
notification. The AFM must be notified of other changes in 
Euronext’s issued and outstanding share capital or voting 
rights within eight days after the end of the quarter in which 
the change occurred. The AFM will publish all Euronext’s 
notifications of its issued and outstanding share capital and 
voting rights in a public register. If a person’s capital interest 
and/or voting rights reach, exceed or fall below the above-
mentioned thresholds as a result of a change in Euronext’s 
issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights, such 
person is required to make a notification not later than on the 
fourth trading day after the AFM has published Euronext’s 
notification as described above.
Furthermore, each member of the Managing Board, the 
Supervisory Board and certain other persons who, inter alia , 
have (co-)managerial responsibilities in respect of the 
Company, as well as certain persons closely associated with 
any such members or other persons, must immediately give 
written notice to the AFM by means of a standard form of all 
shares and voting rights in Euronext held by him or her at the 
time of admission of Euronext’s shares to listing and 
thereafter of any change in his or her holding of shares and 
voting rights in Euronext.
6.8 Short Positions
Each person holding a net short position amounting to 0.2% or 
more of the issued share capital of a Dutch listed company 
must report it to the AFM. Each subsequent increase of this 
position by 0.1% above 0.2% will also have to be reported. Each 
net short position equal to 0.5% of the issued share capital of a 
Dutch-listed company and any subsequent increase of that 
position by 0.1% will be made public via the AFM short selling 
register. To calculate whether a natural person or legal person 
has a net short position, their short positions and long 
positions must be set off. A short transaction in a share can 
only be contracted if a reasonable case can be made that the 
shares sold can actually be delivered, which requires 
confirmation of a third party that the shares have been 
located. There is also an obligation to notify the AFM of gross 
short positions. The notification thresholds are the same as 
apply in respect of the notification of actual or potential 
capital interests in the capital and/or voting rights, as 
described above.
The AFM keeps a public register of all notification made 
pursuant to these disclosure obligations and publishes any 
notification received. In  2023, no short position was declared 
to the AFM.
6.9 Market Abuse Regime
The Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) nr. 596/2014 (the 
“MAR”) and related Commission Implementing Regulations and 
Delegated Regulations, provide for specific rules that intend to 
prevent market abuse, such as the prohibitions on insider 
trading, divulging inside information and tipping, and market 
manipulation (the “European Union Market Abuse Rules”). 
Euronext is subject to the European Union Market Abuse Rules 
and non-compliance with these rules may lead to criminal 
fines, administrative fines, imprisonment or other sanctions.
The European Union Market Abuse Rules on market 
manipulation may restrict Euronext’s ability to buy back its 
shares. In certain circumstances, investors in Euronext can 
also be subject to the  European Union Market Abuse Rules. 
Pursuant to Article  19 of the MAR (Managers’ transactions), 
members of the Managing Board, Supervisory Board and any 
senior executive who has regular access to inside information 
relating directly or indirectly to Euronext and has the power to 
take managerial decisions affecting the future developments 
and business prospects of Euronext, (persons discharging 
managerial responsibilities (PDMR’S); in case of Euronext 
Supervisory Board, Managing Board and permanent invitees to 
Managing Board meetings), must notify the AFM of every 
transaction conducted on their own account relating to the 
shares or debt instruments of Euronext or to derivatives or 
other financial instruments linked thereto.
In addition, certain persons closely associated with members 
of Euronext’s Managing Board or any of the other persons as 
described above and designated by the MAR PDMR’S must also 
notify the AFM of every transaction conducted on their own 
account relating to the shares or debt instruments of Euronext 
or to derivatives or other financial instruments linked thereto. 
The MAR determines the following categories of persons: 
(i)  the spouse or any partner considered by national law as 
equivalent to the spouse, (ii)  dependent children, (iii)  other 
relatives who have shared the same household for at least one 
year at the relevant transaction date and (iv) a legal person, 
trust or partnership, the managerial responsibilities of which 
are discharged by a person discharging managerial 
responsibilities or by a person referred to in point (i), (ii) or (iii), 
6 General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
192


Page 195:
which is directly or indirectly controlled by such a person, 
which is set up for the benefit of such a person, or the 
economic interests of which are substantially equivalent to 
those of such a person. These notifications must be made no 
later than on the third business day following the transaction 
date and by means of a standard form. The notification may be 
postponed until the moment that the value of the transactions 
performed for the PDMR that person’s own account, or 
transactions carried out by the persons closely associated 
with that person, reaches or exceeds an amount of €5,000 in 
the calendar year in question.
The AFM keeps a public register of all notifications under 
art.  19 of the MAR. Third parties can request to be notified 
automatically by e-mail of changes to the public register. 
Pursuant to the MAR, Euronext will maintain a list of its 
insiders. In addition, to further ensure compliance with MAR, 
Euronext has adopted an internal policy relating to the 
possession of and transactions by members of its PDMR’S and 
employees in Euronext shares or in financial instruments of 
which the value is (co)determined by the value of the shares. 
Euronext N.V. Insider Trading Policy has been published on its 
website on https://www.euronext.com/en/investors/
corporate-governance.
6.10 Transparency Directive
After the admission to listing of its shares on Euronext 
Amsterdam, Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris on 20 June 
2014, and on Euronext Lisbon on 17 September 2014, Euronext 
became a listed public limited liability company (naamloze 
Vennootschap) incorporated and existing under the laws of the 
Netherlands. The Netherlands is Euronext’s home member 
state for the purposes of the Transparency Directive (Directive 
2004/109/EC as most recently amended by Directive 2013/50/
EU) as a consequence of which it is subject to the Dutch 
Financial Supervision Act in respect of certain on-going 
transparency and disclosure obligations upon admission to 
listing and trading of its shares on Euronext Amsterdam, 
Euronext Brussels, Euronext Lisbon and Euronext Paris.
6.11 Dutch Financial Reporting Supervision Act
The Dutch Financial Reporting Supervision Act (Wet toezicht 
financiële verslaggeving) (the “FRSA”) applies to financial years 
starting from 1  January 2006. On the basis of the FRSA, the 
AFM supervises the application of financial reporting 
standards by, among others, companies whose corporate seat 
is in the Netherlands and whose securities are listed on a 
Dutch Regulated Market or foreign stock exchange. Pursuant 
to the FRSA, the AFM has an independent right to (i) request an 
explanation from Euronext regarding its application of the 
applicable financial reporting standards and (ii) recommend to 
Euronext the making available of further explanations. If 
Euronext does not comply with such a request or 
recommendation, the AFM may request that the Enterprise 
Chamber order Euronext to (i)  make available further 
explanations as recommended by the AFM, (ii)  provide an 
explanation of the way it has applied the applicable financial 
reporting standards to its financial reports or (iii)  prepare 
Euronext’s financial reports in accordance with the Enterprise 
Chamber’s instructions.
This Universal Registration Document also concerns the 
annual financial reporting within the meaning of 5:25c(2) of the 
Dutch Financial Supervision Act. The sections 1, 2, 3, 5, 6 and 7, 
as well as sections 4.1 and 4.2 concern the directors’ report 
within the meaning of 2:391 of the Dutch Civil Code, the 
statement of the Managing Board has been included in section 
4.2.1 and the Financial Statements in section 8.
6.12 Dividends and Other Distributions
Euronext may make distributions to its shareholders only 
insofar as its shareholders’ equity exceeds the sum of the 
paid-in and called-up share capital plus the reserves as 
required to be maintained by Dutch law or by its Articles of 
Association. Under Euronext’s Articles of Association, the 
Managing Board decides which part of any profit will be 
reserved.
At the time of its IPO in  2014, Euronext’s dividend policy was 
established to achieve a dividend pay-out ratio of 
approximately 50% of net income, upon the approval of the 
Annual General Meeting, and as long as the Company is in 
position to pay this dividend while meeting all its various 
duties and obligations. 
In October 2019, Euronext released its new strategic plan 
'Let's Grow Together 2022' and established a dividend policy 
over the duration of the plan consisting of distributing 50 % of 
the reported net income, upon the approval of the Annual 
General Meeting, and as long as the Company is in position to 
pay this dividend while meeting all its various duties and 
obligation.
In November 2021, Euronext released its new strategic plan 
'Growth for Impact 2024' and reiterated that the Group 
dividend policy would remain unchanged over the duration of 
the plan until 2024, consisting of distributing 50% of the 
reported net income, upon the approval of the Annual General 
Meeting, and as long as the Company is in position to pay this 
dividend while meeting all its various duties and obligation. 
Following the early repayment of its previous term loan 
facility on 23  March 2017 (see section  7.1.11 - Facilities 
Agreement), and under the conditions of the new bank loan 
facility in which the Group entered on 18 July 2017, Euronext is 
no longer restricted to distributions, share repurchases or 
share redemptions. Repurchase of shares for the needs of the 
Employee Offering and employee shareholding and 
management incentive programs that Euronext may 
General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 193

Page 196:
implement from time to time, which may be offered for free or 
at a discount and repurchase of shares in accordance with 
liquidity or market making programmes are not restricted 
within the Facilities Agreement.
Euronext may make a distribution of dividends to its 
shareholders only after the adoption of Euronext’s statutory 
annual accounts demonstrating that such distribution is 
legally permitted. The  profit, as this appears from the 
adopted annual accounts, shall be at the free disposal of the 
General Meeting, provided that the General Meeting may only 
resolve on any reservation of the profits or the distribution of 
any profits pursuant to and in accordance with a proposal 
thereto of the Supervisory Board or a proposal of the 
Managing Board, which has been approved by the Supervisory 
Board. Resolutions of the General Meeting with regard to a 
distribution at the expense of the reserves shall require the 
approval of the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board.
The Managing Board is permitted to resolve to make interim 
distributions to Euronext shareholders, subject to approval of 
the Supervisory Board. The General Meeting may also resolve 
to make interim distributions to Euronext shareholders, 
pursuant to and in accordance with a proposal thereto by the 
Managing Board, which has been approved by the Supervisory 
Board.
The Managing Board may decide that, subject to approval of 
the Supervisory Board, a distribution on shares shall not be 
made in cash or not entirely made in cash but other than in 
cash, including but not limited in the form of shares in the 
Company or decide that shareholders shall be given the 
option to receive a distribution either in cash or other than in 
cash. The Managing Board shall, subject to approval of the 
Supervisory Board, determine the conditions under which 
such option can be given to Euronext’s shareholders.
Shareholders are entitled to share the profit pro rata to their 
shareholding. Claims to dividends and other distributions not 
made within five years from the date that such dividends or 
distributions became payable will lapse, and any such 
amounts will be considered to have been forfeited to 
Euronext (verjaring).
For the previous years, the following amounts of dividend per 
share were paid:
Financial year Dividend per share
For the year 2014  €0.84 
For the year 2015  €1.24 
For the year 2016  €1.42 
For the year 2017  €1.73 
For the year 2018  €1.54 
For the year 2019  €1.59 
For the year 2020  €1.47 
For the year 2021  €1.93 
For the year 2022  €2.22 
6.13 2024 Financial Calendar
Financial release Date
First Quarter 2024 Results 14 May 2024
Annual General Meeting 15 May 2024
Second Quarter and First Half 2024 Results 25 July 2024
Third Quarter 2024 Results 7 November 2024
6 General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
194


Page 197:
 This page has been intentionally left blank
General Description of the Company and its Share Capital
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 195

Page 198:
7 Operating and Financial Review
196


Page 199:
7
7.1 Overview 7.2 Material Contracts and Related
7.1.1 Definitions Party Transactions
7.1.2 Establishment of Euronext as an Independent, 7.2.1 Material Contracts
Publicly Traded Company 7.2.2 Related Party Transactions
7.1.3 Sources of Revenues
7.1.4 Components of Expenses 7.3 Legal Proceedings
7.1.5 Key Factors Affecting Businesses and 7.3.1 Euronext Amsterdam Pension Fund
Results of Operations
7.1.6 Goodwill 7.4 Insurance
7.1.7 Financial and Trading Position
7.1.8 Results of Operations 7.5 Liquidity and Capital Resources
7.1.9 Balance Sheet 7.5.1 Liquidity
7.1.10 Cash Flow 7.5.2 Consolidated Regulatory Capital
7.1.11 Facilities Agreements and Bonds Requirements
7.1.12 Contractual Obligations
7.1.13 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 7.6 Tangible Fixed Assets
7.1.14 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures 7.6.1 Principal Properties
about Market Risk
7.1.15 Significant Accounting Policies
7.1.16 Critical Accounting Estimates and 
Judgments
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 197

Page 200:
7 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
The following review relates to Euronext historical financial 
condition and results of operations for the years ended 
31  December 2023, 2022 and 2021. This “Operating and 
Financial Review” is based on the audited Financial 
Statements for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 
2021, which are included or incorporated by reference in this 
Registration Document and should be read in conjunction 
with “General description of the Company” and “Financial 
Statements”. Prospective investors should read the entire 
Universal Registration Document and not just rely on the 
information set out below. All financial information included 
in this “Operating and Financial Review” has been extracted 
from the audited Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following discussion of Euronext results of operations 
and financial condition contains forward-looking statements. 
Euronext actual results could differ materially from those that 
are discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors 
that could cause or contribute to such differences include 
those discussed below and elsewhere in this Registration 
Document, particularly under “Risk Factors”.
7.1 Overview
Euronext is a pan-European exchange group, offering a 
diverse range of products and services and combining 
transparent and efficient equity, fixed income securities and 
derivatives markets in Amsterdam, Bergen, Brussels, Dublin, 
Lisbon, Milan, Oslo and Paris. Euronext businesses comprise: 
listing, cash trading, derivatives trading, fixed income trading, 
spot FX trading, power trading, investor services, advanced 
data services, post-trade and technologies & other.
Euronext management reviews the performance of the 
business, and makes decisions on allocation of resources, 
only on a company-wide basis. Therefore, Euronext has one 
reportable segment.
Euronext has been operating as an independent, publicly 
traded company since 20  June 2014. Prior to June  2014, 
Euronext’s businesses were part of ICE as a result of ICE’s 
acquisition of NYSE Euronext on 13 November 2013.
7.1.1 Definitions
The following defined terms are used in this Operating and 
Financial Review:
“Legacy Euronext” means the historical operations of the 
former Euronext N.V. (existing prior to 15 March 2014) and its 
subsidiaries, including LIFFE.
Segments are reported in a manner consistent with how the 
business is operated and reviewed by the chief operating 
decision maker (CODM), who is responsible for allocating 
resources and assessing performance of the operating 
segments. The chief operating decision maker of the Group is 
the Extended Managing Board, comprising the Managing 
Board and permanent attendees of Senior Management. Th e 
organisation of the Group reflects the high level of 
mutualisation of resources across geographies and product 
lines. Operating results are monitored on a group-wide basis 
and, accordingly, the Group represents one operating 
segment and one reportable segment. Operating results 
reported to the Extended Managing Board are prepared on a 
measurement basis consistent with the reported 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
In presenting and discussing the Group’s financial position, 
operating results and net results, management uses certain 
Alternative performance measures not defined by IFRS. 
These Alternative performance measures (APMs) should not 
be viewed in isolation as alternatives to the equivalent IFRS 
measures and should be used as supplementary information 
in conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS 
measures. Alternative performance measures do not have 
standardised meaning under IFRS and therefore may not be 
comparable to similar measures presented by other 
companies. Euronext believes that these measures provide 
valuable supplemental information to the company’s 
management, investors and other stakeholders to evaluate 
the company’s performance.
Reference is made to Section 5.2 - Other Financial Information 
for more details on the APMs used by the Group. 
7.1.2 Establishment of Euronext 
as an Independent, Publicly Traded Company
The legal entities of the Group have been owned by Euronext 
N.V. since the date that the internal reorganisation was 
finalised in March  2014. The Consolidated Financial 
Statements as of and for financial years ended 31  December 
2023, 2022 and 2021 have been prepared as described further 
in Note  3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements (see 
“Financial Statements”). All transactions and balances 
between subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation.
7 Operating and Financial Review
198


Page 201:
7.1.3 Sources of Revenues
In accordance with Article 19 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the 
following information is incorporated by reference in the 
Universal Registration Document:
For Financial Year 2022
The description of the sources of revenues of the Company 
for the financial year 2022, presented on pages 178 to 181 of 
the 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the 
Autoriteit Financiële Markten on 30 March 2023 and available 
at:
https://www.euronext.com/sites/default/files/financial-
event-doc/2023-08/EUR_2022_URD_MEL
%20FINALE_AUG.pdf 
For Financial Year 2021
The description of the sources of revenues of the Company 
for the financial year 2021, presented on pages 171 to 174 of 
the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the 
Autoriteit Financiële Markten on 31 March 2022 and available 
at:
https://www.euronext.com/sites/default/files/financial-
event-doc/2022-04/2021%20URD%20-%20ENX
%20-%20PDF_1.pdf
Listing and Corporate Services
Admission fees comprise fees paid by companies to list and 
admit to trading equity and debt securities on Euronext 
markets. Corporate activity and other fees primarily consist 
of fees charged for centralising securities in connection with 
new listings and tender offers, they also include delisting 
fees. In addition, companies whose securities are listed or 
admitted to trading on Euronext markets pay annual fees.
Other than for Euronext Dublin, Euronext Milan and Oslo Børs 
which have separate fee schedules, Euronext has adopted a 
common set of admission and annual fees for the Euronext 
and Euronext Growth™ markets. Companies having equity 
securities listed or admitted to trading on Euronext or 
Euronext Growth™ markets are subject to the following types 
of fees:
▪ initial admission fee charged based on the market 
capitalisation at first admission and calculated on a 
cumulative scale with decreasing rates and capped;
▪ subsequent admission fees charged based on the 
amount of capital raised and calculated on a 
cumulative scale with decreasing rates and capped; 
this also applies for other corporate events related 
fees;
▪ annual fees based on a variable decreasing 
percentage of the number of outstanding securities 
and a fixed fee based on the issuer’s market 
capitalisation a beyond a defined threshold. The 
annual fee is capped.
Companies having equity securities listed or admitted to 
trading on Oslo Børs, Euronext Expand or Euronext Growth 
are subject to the following types of fees:
▪ Initial admission fee based on a fixed fee and market 
capitalisation at first admission capped at minimum 
and maximum fee depending on type of listing 
process;
▪ subsequent admission fees charged based on the 
amount of capital raised and calculated on a 
cumulative scale and capped; other corporate 
events related fees are generally fixed fees;
▪ annual fees based on market capitalisation and 
capped at minimum and maximum fee
Oslo Børs is the Norwegian takeover authority and charges a 
fixed fee and market capitalisation up to a maximum amount 
for the inspection of offer documents. Further fees related to 
inspection of offer documents may also apply.
Euronext Dublin has debt fee schedules for its regulated 
market and its Global Exchange Market based on the method 
of issuance (under a programme or as a standalone issuance). 
For other Euronext markets, admission fees for debt 
securities, issued both on a stand-alone basis or under a note 
program, are based on the maturity and principal amount 
admitted to trading, and, in respect of long-term debt 
(maturity over one year), number of years to maturity. 
Euronext offers lower admission fees for issuers that access 
the debt capital markets frequently and for issuers qualifying 
as SMEs.
Oslo Børs has debt fee schedules for both its regulated 
market and its Nordic ABM. Annual fee for listing and 
registration for debt securities are based on the registered 
capital admitted to trading. Prices are the same for stand-
alone basis or under a note program. The prices are the same 
for both markets with a minimum and maximum fee. 
Oslo Børs has a registration fee based on the type and the 
security of the bond. For municipal bonds listed on Oslo Børs 
and for bonds listed on Nordic ABM there will also be an 
inspection fee. The inspection fee is based on the type of the 
bond. For new issuers there will also be charged an additional 
inspection fee for the description of the issuer or the issuer’s 
business activities.
Euronext offers centralisation services for orders in 
connection with a public offer, a public tender offer or a sales 
facility, in respect of securities admitted or to be admitted to 
any Euronext markets whether regulated or not.
A common set of admission and annual fees apply to ETPs. 
Issuers of ETPs listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext 
markets are subject to the following types of fees:
▪ for warrants & certificates traded via the Hybrid (aka 
Request For Execution) market model, issuers are 
invoiced listing fees based on the average size of 
their products range (grouped in packages). There 
are several fee reductions available for which 
issuers can qualify in order to reduce their listing 
fees. A one-time admission fee is charged to issuers 
of structured notes or warrants and certificates not 
traded via the Hybrid market model, as well as a 
market access fee per instrument;
▪ Listings of ETFs, exchange traded vehicles and 
exchange traded notes are charged both an initial 
one-off admission fee, as well as an annual fee 
based on the Assets under Management (‘AuM’). 
Annual fees are charged on a semi-annual basis for 
listings in Borsa Italiana and on an annual basis for 
all other Euronext markets. The annual fee 
schedules also exhibit various other features, such 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 199

Page 202:
as a sliding cost table based on number of products 
listed, caps and floors as well as discounts. 
Additional fees are charged for mergers of existing 
instruments.
▪ For Oslo Børs, warrants, Structured products are 
charged admission fees and a periodic (monthly or 
quarterly) fee per ISIN. Periodic fees are subject to 
rebates based on the total number of products listed 
by the same issuer during that calendar year. The 
aggregate monthly and quarterly fees for Warrants, 
Structured Products has a combined annual cap.
Corporate Services:
Euronext Corporate Services offers innovative solutions and 
tailor-made advisory services articulated around the five 
following pillars : Governance (iBabs), Compliance 
(ComplyLog), Communication (Company Webcast), and 
Investor Relations (Advisory and IR Solutions), and Corporate 
training (Academy).
A major part of these Corporate Services products are 
software as a services (SaaS) solutions generating recurring 
revenues through annual subscriptions. In addition, Euronext 
Corporate Services also generate revenues on renewable 
advisory mandates or on one-off missions and events.
ELITE
ELITE is the Euronext SMEs ecosystem to support private 
companies by connecting them to skills, network and capital 
to drive their sustainable growth in the long-term, allowing 
them to access private and public capital markets. 
The ELITE business model is based on 2 line of businesses. 
■ Membership, is based on annual fees received by 
• private companies that are allowed to 
access an international network and 
proprietary learning and mentoring 
methodology. Companies commit to stay 
at least 2 years (Initial Period), but all of 
them can remain as member of the 
ecosystem also after this period always 
paying an annual fee (Post Initial Period). 
• partners to obtain services of learning, 
business development, visibility and co-
marketing.
■ Capital Services: the revenues of ELITE  in this 
stream are generated in the form of fees paid by 
clients for the introduction – normally originated by 
financial institutions on the buy side. A second 
income stream comes from introducing companies 
to financial advisors part of the network on possible 
funding options, in this case ELITE collects an 
introduction fee as a fixed percentage of the 
advisor’s mandate, if such advisor closes a mandate 
with the introduced company. 
Cash, Derivatives, Fixed Income and FX Trading
Revenues from Euronext cash trading and derivatives trading 
businesses consist mainly of transaction-based fees for 
executing trades on Euronext cash markets and derivatives 
markets. These transaction fees are charged per executed 
order and based on value traded in cash equities and are 
charged per lot in derivatives. Trading volume in equity 
products is primarily driven by price volatility in equity 
markets and indices. The level of trading activity for all 
products is also influenced by market conditions and other 
factors.
Derivatives trading revenues received from transactions 
conducted on Euronext markets are variable, based on the 
volume and value of traded contracts, and recognised when 
executed. The principal types of derivative contracts traded 
are equity and index products and agricultural commodities 
products.
Revenues from MTS’ Cash and Repo Fixed Income trading 
businesses consist of membership and transaction-based 
fees. Transaction fees for MTS Cash are charged per €m of 
notional executed, whereas MTS Repo transaction fees are 
charged based on the term adjusted notional amount.
Spot FX trading revenues primarily consist of transaction-
based fees for executing trades. These transaction fees are 
charged per executed order and based on value traded. Port 
fees and market data fees are additional FX trading revenues.
Power Trading
Revenues from power trading consist of a ﬁxed annual 
membership fee for customers to be able to participate in the 
Nord Pool day- ahead and intraday markets, plus variable 
trading and settlement fees. Variable trading and settlement 
fees are charged based on volume traded on Nord Pool 
markets. Trading volumes in the power markets are mainly 
driven by growing electricity consumption, introduction of 
more renewable energy and increased volumes in the short-
term continuous Intraday market. Variable fees also include 
“gross trading” consisting of integrated producers submitting 
both production and consumption, which carries a reduced 
fee.
Investor Services
Investor services primarily encompass the activity of 
Commcise, offering cloud-based investment research 
evaluation, commission management and accounting 
solutions and whose revenue model is primarily based on 
recurring software licence fees. Commcise also works 
alongside Euronext Market Services, a US broker dealer, to 
deliver a client service companion to its software. Under this 
model, the broker dealer earns commissions on equity trades 
related to bundled trading.
Advanced Data Services
The Group charges data vendors and end users, taking data 
via a direct feed, on a per-user basis for the access to its real-
time data and Enterprise licences are charged for non-display 
use, including advanced analytic products, and access to 
historic and reference data products. The Group also collects 
periodic licence fees from vendors for the right to distribute 
the Group data to third parties. These fees are recognised on 
a monthly basis as services are rendered. The Group charges 
an index licence fee to trading desks, investment banks and 
asset managers for the creations of Structured Products (SP), 
Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) and exchange traded funds 
(ETFs) on Euronext owned (trademark) indices. The Group 
also collects fees for third party index calculations, iNAV 
calculation and partnerships stakes. The fees are recognised 
to the applicable period of the products.
Additional revenue comes from the provision by Nord Pool of 
data services.
7 Operating and Financial Review
200


Page 203:
Post Trade
Custody and Settlement
Euronext runs Euronext Securities, a leading CSD business in 
Europe comprising four CSDs in Copenhagen, Milan, Oslo and 
Porto. 
The largest revenue driver for Euronext Securities are assets 
under custody (AUC). AUC are made by financial securities 
issued in Euronext Securities (Issuer CSD) and financial 
securities issued outside but kept in custody in Euronext 
Securities (Investor CSD). AUC is calculated based on market 
value for equities, funds and structured products, and 
nominal value for fixed income. Euronext Securities revenues 
from AUC are equal to the value of AUC multiplied by a unit 
price expressed in basis points (bps). For a given client, unit 
price decreases with AUC.
The second largest revenue driver for Euronext Securities are 
settlement volumes. Euronext Securities revenues from 
settlement volumes are equal to the number of settlement 
instructions multiplied by a unit price expressed in euros or in 
the relevant currency (Danish krone, etc.). Like for AUC, 
customers benefit from decreasing unit prices. 
The rest of revenues is driven by a multiplicity of other 
factors, including number of securities (ISINs), corporate 
actions (dividends), number of retail accounts (in Oslo and 
Copenhagen), subscription fees, etc.
Clearing (including net treasury income through CCP business)
Euronext Clearing
Since the acquisition of Borsa Italiana, Euronext is the owner 
of the Italian CCP, CC&G, renamed Euronext Clearing in 
November 2021. A CCP receives fees from the clearing of the 
transactions executed on Trading Venues and from treasury 
incomes generated by the placement of collateral posted by 
Clearing members.   
The main revenue drivers on fees are therefore: (i) the number 
of transactions and lots cleared by the CCP for cash bonds, 
cash equity (incl. ETF clearing) and derivatives; (ii) the 
notional of repo cleared; (iii) the number of clearing members 
connected to the CCP; and (iv) the amount (value) of securities 
posted as collateral. The main revenue drivers on net treasury 
incomes are: (i) the volatility on the market which has impact 
on the amount of margins posted at the CCP; and (ii) the 
spread applied on the cash collateral (i.e. the difference 
between the yield paid by the CCP to clearing members; and 
(ii) the yield generated by the CCP with central bank deposits). 
LCH SA
Euronext also receives a share of clearing income based on 
treasury services resulting from placement of collateral 
(spread between remuneration served to clearing members 
on their collateral posted to the CCP and the remuneration 
resulting from the placement of this collateral, mostly kept at 
Central Bank) and the number of cleared derivatives trades 
cleared through LCH SA, in exchange for which Euronext pays 
LCH SA a fixed fee plus a variable fee based on derivatives 
trading volume.
Euronext Technology Solutions & Other
Euronext Technology Solutions
Euronext Technology Solutions comprises of Euronext’s 
commercial Technology Solutions and services business, and 
former Borsa Italiana businesses, including Gatelab, and 
Integrated Technology Services “X2M’. Revenues include:
Licence fees, professional services fees, software 
deployment fees, for managed IT services (Software as a 
Service), for connectivity and infrastructure hosting services 
including colocation services provided to ﬁnancial 
institutions from the Euronext Core Data Centre facility in 
Bergamo, Italy.
Regulatory services provided to investment ﬁrms under 
Euronext’s licence as an Authorized Publication Authority 
(APA) and Authorized Reporting Mechanism (ARM) within the 
EU and UK. Fees are charged monthly to investment ﬁrm’s 
according to the number of reports submitted to the service. 
Euronext Technology Solutions have decided to exit the 
regulatory reporting business by December 31st, 2023. 
Fees for software customisation and deployment services are 
recognised either on a time and materials basis or under the 
percentage completion method, depending upon the nature 
of the contract with the client. The percentage of completion 
is calculated based on the number of person-days incurred to 
date as a percentage of the total estimated number of 
person-days to complete the work. Licence fees, 
maintenance fees, setup fees and annual support fees are 
recognised pro-rata over the life of the service contract. 
Connectivity and infrastructure hosting fees are recognised 
pro-rata over the life of the client commitment.
Other
Other revenue primarily accounts for Nord Pool solutions and 
services not directly linked to power trading activities.
Nord Pool revenues also stem from transaction shipping 
services, as Nord Pool provides technical solutions for power 
interconnectors, enabling their participation in European 
power market coupling arrangements.
As part of the integrated European market coupling projects 
SDAC (Single Day-Ahead Coupling) and SIDC (Single Intraday 
Coupling), Nord Pool participates in a regulatory framework 
and a cost recovery regime. These projects yield cost 
recovery from Transmission System Operators and National 
Regulators to varying degrees, which is recognised as 
operating income.
Additional revenue comes from the provision by Nord Pool of 
compliance services, consultancy and training.
Transitional income
Transitional income primarily consists of income from 
services provided by Borsa Italiana Group to London Stock 
Exchange Group (LSEG) to facilitate the transition of 
ownership following the acquisition of Borsa Italiana Group. 
A Transitional Service Agreement (“TSA”) was established, 
providing for temporary services rendered to or received from 
LSEG. Each individual service is priced separately, generally 
on a fixed fee basis, based on actual usage or mutually agreed 
service level. The agreement was established on arm's length 
basis. 
Services rendered to LSEG primarily include technology and 
various ancillary services. All such services are transitional 
and, accordingly, the related income is not expected to be 
recurring beyond fiscal year 2023.
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 201

Page 204:
7.1.4 Components of Expenses
Euronext’s operating expenses include salaries and employee 
benefits, depreciation and amortisation, and other 
operational expenses, which include systems and 
communications, professional services, accommodation and 
other expenses.
Salaries and Employee Benefits
Salaries and employee benefits expenses include employee 
salaries, incentive compensation (including stock-based 
compensation) and related benefits expenses, including 
pension and medical charges.
Depreciation and Amortisation
Depreciation and amortisation expenses consist of costs 
from depreciating fixed assets (including computer hardware 
and capitalised software) and amortising intangible assets 
over their estimated useful lives.
Systems and Communications
Systems and communications expenses include costs for 
development, operation and maintenance of trading, 
regulatory and administrative systems; investments in 
system capacity, reliability and security; and cost of network 
connectivity between customers and data centres, as well as 
connectivity to various other market centres. Systems and 
communications expenses also include fees paid to third-
party providers of networks and information technology 
resources, including fees for consulting, research and 
development services, software rental costs and licences, 
hardware rental and related fees paid to third-party 
maintenance providers.
Professional Services
Professional services expenses include consulting charges 
related to various technological and operational initiatives as 
well as legal and audit fees.
Accommodation
Accommodation expenses include costs of leasing the 
properties used by the Group, as well as utilities, maintenance 
and security costs to maintain the properties used by the 
Group.
Other Expenses
Other expenses include marketing, taxes, insurance, travel, 
professional membership fees and other expenses. A 
Transitional Service Agreement ("TSA") was established for 
services rendered to or received from LSEG to facilitate the 
transition of ownership following the acquisition of Borsa 
Italiana Group. Each individual service is priced separately, 
generally on a fixed fee basis, based on actual usage or 
mutually agreed service level. The agreement was established 
on arm's length basis. Expenses for services received from 
LSEG under this agreement are recognised in other 
operational expenses (see section  8 - Note 11 ). These services 
will be phased out after the migration of Borsa Italiana Group 
to Euronext trading platform Optiq® is completed in 2024.
7.1.5 Key Factors Affecting Businesses and 
Results of Operations
The economic and business environment in which Euronext 
operates directly affects Euronext’s results of operations. 
The results have been and will continue to be affected by 
many factors, including the factors set out below. Euronext 
continues to focus its strategy to broaden and diversify its 
revenue streams, as well as on its company-wide expense 
reduction initiatives in order to mitigate these uncertainties.
Trading Activity
A large proportion of Euronext’s business is transaction-
based. For the year ended 31  December 2023, Euronext 
derived 33% of its revenue from its cash trading, derivatives, 
fixed income, spot FX and power trading businesses. 
Accordingly, fluctuations in the trading volumes directly 
affect Euronext revenues. During any period, the level of 
trading activity in Euronext markets is significantly influenced 
by factors such as general market conditions, market 
volatility, competition, regulatory changes, capital 
maintenance requirements, market share and the pace of 
industry consolidation.
A reduction in trading activity could make Euronext markets 
less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity, 
which in turn could further discourage existing and potential 
market participants and thus accelerate a decline in the level 
of trading activity in these markets. Because Euronext’s cost 
structure is largely fixed, if the trading volumes and the 
resulting transaction fee revenues decline, Euronext may not 
be able to adjust its cost structure to counteract the 
associated decline in revenues, which would adversely affect 
its net income. Euronext’s largely fixed cost structure also 
provides operational leverage, such that an increase in its 
trading volumes and the resulting transaction fee revenues 
would have a positive effect on its margins.
Targeted Operating Optimisation
From its origination, Euronext has identified various ways to 
streamline its processes and enhance its operational 
efficiency.
As part of its "Let’s grow together 2022" strategic plan, 
Euronext aimed at pursuing operating efficiency while 
maintaining a best-in-class cost discipline and investing in 
operational excellence. Infrastructure optimisation: Euronext 
made continuous efforts to improve its asset utilisation 
during this strategic plan. Together with a rationalisation of 
the number of sites and the set-up of Euronext’s IT team in 
Porto, it continued its effort to reinforce the culture of 
efficiency.
Under its current "Growth for Impact 2024" strategic plan 
introduced in November 2021, Euronext aims at maintaining 
its capital expenses at a level representing 3% to 5% of total 
revenue and aims at achieving €115 million pre-tax run-rate 
synergies as part of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition by 
2024, thanks to the European expansion of Euronext clearing 
and the migration of its Core Data Centre. Implementation 
costs of €150 million are estimated for the achievement of 
this synergies target.
Non-recurring costs incurred to realise the efficiencies 
described above (i.e. integration cost, double run cost and 
restructuring cost) amounted to €78.3  million in 2023 (2022: 
€27.2 million). These expenses are disclosed in Note 12 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Since the first quarter in 2022, Euronext publishes underlying 
recurring costs, and non-recurring costs. Euronext removed 
the "Exceptional Items" line from its financial statements. 
Consequently, costs previously reported as exceptional items 
have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines 
within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items. 
7 Operating and Financial Review
202


Page 205:
The €150 million of implementation costs related to the 
deployment of the  ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan 
targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and 
are withdrawn from underlying  costs.
Derivatives Clearing Agreement
On 14  October 2013, Euronext entered into the Derivatives 
Clearing Agreement with LCH SA in respect of the clearing of 
trades on its continental Europe derivatives markets. Under 
the terms of the Derivatives Clearing Agreement, effective 
starting 1  April 2014, Euronext has agreed with LCH SA to 
share revenues. Euronext receives a share of clearing income 
based on treasury services and the number of derivatives 
trades cleared through LCH SA, in exchange for which 
Euronext pays LCH SA a fixed fee plus a variable fee based on 
derivatives trading volume.
The term of the existing Derivatives Clearing Agreement was 
through 31  December 2018. On November 2017, Euronext 
announced the signing of the renewal of its agreement with 
LCH SA on the continued provision of derivatives and 
commodities clearing services for a period of 10 years.
On 16 January 2023, a termination notice was sent to LCH SA, 
after Euronext local boards had decided to terminate the 
Derivatives Clearing Agreement. The Group recognised a 
payable for the termination fees and migration fees (including 
indexation) indicated in the agreement of approximately 
€36.6 million. The amount was recognised as a non-
underlying expense and will be due in January 2024.
For the year ended 31 December 2021, those clearing 
revenues were €71.5 million and the associated expense was 
€33.7 million. For the year ended 31 December 2022, these 
revenues were €75.8 million and the associated expense was 
€35.6 million. For the year ended 31 December 2023, these 
revenues are €71.8 million and the associated expense is 
€34.5 million.
Rights Issue
On 29 April 2021, following the announcement of the 
completion of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group and 
of a €600 million reserved capital increase by way of a private 
placement to CDP Equity and Intesa Sanpaolo, Euronext 
launched a rights offer to its existing shareholders (the 
"Offer"). 
Euronext offered 30,506,294 shares in the Offer (the "Offer 
Shares") at the issue price of €59.65 per Offer Share (the 
“Issue Price”), on the basis of 2 Offer Shares for every 5 
existing ordinary shares. Shareholders on Euronext’s 
shareholder register were granted transferable subscription 
entitlements (the “Rights”) in the Offer, which will entitle 
Shareholders that qualify as eligible persons to subscribe for 
Offer Shares. 
Settlement and delivery of the Offer Shares and 
commencement of trading on Euronext Amsterdam took 
place on 14 May 2021. 
The Offer was underwritten with a syndicate of banks (the 
“Underwriters). The Underwriters were obliged, subject to the 
satisfaction of conditions contained in and on the terms of 
the underwriting agreement for the Offer entered into 
between the Group and the Underwriters on 29 April 2021 (the 
Underwriting Agreement), subscribe and, at the Issue Price, 
pay for, any Underwritten Shares. 
Total proceeds of the Rights issue amounted to €1,820 
million, which resulted in an increase in Shareholders' equity. 
The Rights issue included €23.3 million of directly attributable 
costs, net of income tax, that were deducted from 
Shareholders' equity. 
Facilities Agreements and Bonds
Revolving Credit Facility
On 29 April 2021, a new revolving credit facility agreement 
(RCF) of €600.0 million came into effect that was entered into 
on 6 November 2020 conditional to the closing of the 
acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. The new RCF replaced 
the Group's previous "Facility" and allows the Group to apply all 
amounts borrowed by it towards (i) general corporate and/or 
working capital purposes of the Group, (ii) satisfaction of the 
consideration payable for an acquisition and/or (iii) the 
payment of fees, costs and expense incurred in relation to an 
acquisition. The new revolving credit facility has a maturity of 
5 years plus a two-year extension possibility and bears an 
interest rate of EURIBOR plus a margin dependent on rating. 
On 12 October 2022, the Group executed its two-year 
extension option to the RCF of €600.0 million. The RCF has a 
remaining maturity of 4 years (November 2027) and bears an 
interest rate of EURIBOR plus a margin dependent on rating. 
The revolving facility has not been drawn and is not drawn as 
per 31 December 2023.
Bridge Loan Facility
On 7 October 2020, Euronext entered into a €4,400 million 
bridge loan facility agreement with a group of banks to pre-
finance the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. The initial 
maturity date of this facility was 11 September 2021, which 
could be extended at the option of the issuer for two 
additional periods of six months each. The bridge loan facility 
bore an interest rate of EURIBOR plus an initial margin of 
0.45%, that increased as the closing date of the acquisition 
moved further in time.
On 29 April 2021, the Group drew down an amount of €3,690 
million from the facility to finance the acquisition of the Borsa 
Italiana Group. In May 2021, the Group repaid €3,610 million of 
the amount drawn from the facility by using the proceeds of 
the Bonds issue and Rights issue. The remainder of €80.0 
million was repaid at the end of 2021.
Bonds
To partially repay the drawdown of the bridge loan facility, the 
Group issued €1,800 million of new debt in the debt capital 
markets with long-term maturities ("Bonds Issue"). On 7 May 
2021, Euronext successfully priced a three-tranche senior 
bond offering representing a total amount of €1,800 million. 
As of 17 May 2021, the bonds were admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and were rated BBB by 
S&P. As well as on other electronic trading platforms, the 5, 10 
and 20-year bonds are available for trading on the MTS 
BondVision and MTS BondsPro venues, which are now part of 
the Euronext product suite following the acquisition of Borsa 
Italiana Group. The bonds were settled through VP Securities, 
Euronext’s Danish CSD. The offering allows Euronext to 
extend its maturity profile and further diversify its debt 
investor base.
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 203

Page 206:
The main features of the issue were as follows:
▪ Senior Unsecured Note #3: €600 million Bond, 
maturing on 17 May 2026, with an annual coupon of 
0.125%;
▪ Senior Unsecured Note #4: €600 million Bond, 
maturing on 17 May 2031, with an annual coupon of 
0.750%;
▪ Senior Unsecured Note #5: €600 million Bond, 
maturing on 17 May 2041, with an annual coupon of 
1.500%.
The Bonds Issue included €18.6 million of directly attributable 
costs, which are subsequently accounted for under the 
Effective Interest Rate method.
Reference is made to section 7.1.11 - Facilities Agreements and 
Bonds for more details on the Facilities and the Bonds.
Acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and businesses
The following acquisitions of businesses and disposals of 
subsidiaries were made in 2023:
▪ Disposal of stake in LCH SA
On 6 July 2023, the Group sold its 11.1% stake in LCH SA. The 
proceeds of the disposal amounted to €111.0 million, whereas 
the combined net assets disposed of amounted to €69.4 
million. This resulted in a €41.6 million result from the 
disposal.
▪ Disposal of stake in Tokeny
On 1 December 2023, the Group disposed its 19% stake in 
Tokeny. The proceeds from this disposal amounted to €11.4 
million. As the value of this stake had previously been written 
down to zero, this sale generated a €11.4 million capital gain.
The following acquisitions of businesses and disposals of 
subsidiaries were made in 2022:
▪ Acquisition of Spafid Issuer Services Business
On 1 April 2022, the Group acquired the Issuer Services 
Business of Spafid S.p.A., which operates as an investment 
advisory firm and is a fully owned subsidiary of Mediobanca 
S.p.A. The purchase consideration for this business 
acquisition amounted to €12.0 million. The acquisition is an 
important step to further develop local added-value services 
to issuers, and to deliver on Euronext Securities’ ambition to 
converge issuers services across all its locations.
▪ Acquisition of Nexi Technology Businesses
On 1 December 2022, the Group acquired the technology 
businesses of Nexi S.p.A., an Italian bank specialised in 
payment systems, currently powering MTS and Euronext 
Securities Milan. The purchase price for this business 
acquisition approximates €57 million (on a debt free, cash 
free basis). With this acquisition, the Group internalises the 
core trading platform of MTS and its largest IT contract. It 
enables Euronext to become more agile and efficient by fully 
owning the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities 
Milan.
▪ Disposal of subsidiary Finance Web Working S.A.S.
In 2022, the Group sold its 60% majority interest in subsidiary 
Finance Web Working S.A.S. ("Euronext Funds360") to FE 
Fundinfo, a global provider of data and tools management for 
the funds industry. The proceeds from the sale amounted to 
€0.8 million (net of cash). Including allocated goodwill, the 
loss from disposal of this subsidiary was €0.8 million.
▪ Disposal of subsidiary MTS Markets International 
Inc.
In 2022, MTS S.p.A. sold its interest in subsidiary MTS Markets 
International Inc. (which was classified as a disposal group 
held for sale) to Tradition America Holdings Inc., a subsidiary 
of Compagnie Financière Tradition SA, an interdealer broker 
in over-the-counter financial and commodity related 
products. The proceeds from the sale amounted to €7.8 
million. The net assets disposed of amounted to €4.7 million, 
which resulted in a gain on disposal of €3.1 million.
The following acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries 
were made in 2021:
▪ Acquisition of London Stock Exchange Group 
Holdings Italia S.p.A. ("Borsa Italiana Group")
On 29 April 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of the 
Borsa Italiana Group for a final consideration of €4,447 
million, following the satisfaction of all condition precedents. 
The Borsa Italiana Group is the integrated Italian market 
infrastructure, with operations diversified across regulated 
markets, fixed income trading, central counterparty clearing, 
operator of the Italian national Central Securities Depository 
and other business lines.
▪ Acquisition of additional interest by exercise of call 
option for remaining shares in iBabs B.V.
On 3 March 2021, the Group exercised its call option to acquire 
the remaining 40% of the shares in iBabs, increasing the 
Group's ownership to 100%. Cash consideration of €55.6 
million was paid to the non-controlling shareholders.
▪ Acquisition of additional interest by exercise of call 
option for remaining shares in Commcise Software 
Ltd.
On 30 September 2021, the Group exercised its call option to 
acquire the remaining 21% of the shares in Commcise 
Software Ltd., increasing the Group’s ownership to 100%. 
Cash consideration of €12.7 million was paid to the non-
controlling shareholders.
▪ Disposal of Centevo AB and Oslo Market Solutions 
AS
In 2021, the Group disposed its interests in subsidiaries 
Centevo AB and Oslo Market Solutions AS. The combined 
proceeds from these disposals amounted to €5.9 million (net 
of cash), whereas the combined net assets disposed of 
amounted to €3.2 million (net of cash). This resulted in a 
combined result from disposal of €2.7 million.
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
▪ LiquidShare S.A.
On 10 July 2017 the Group, together with six other leading 
financial institutions, incorporated LiquidShare S.A., a fintech 
joint venture with the objective to improve SME’s access to 
capital markets and improving the transparency and security 
of post-trading operations using blockchain technology. The 
Group shares joint control with the other founders and has an 
interest of 16.23% in LiquidShare (2020 and 2019: 16.23%). In 
2019, the Group made a capital contribution of €1.0 million in 
LiquidShare S.A. The value of this investment was €1.7 million 
as per 31 December 2021.
7 Operating and Financial Review
204


Page 207:
Following indications of a deteriorated future cash flow 
situation and Board decision to propose to the Shareholders 
meeting to liquidate the entity, the investment in joint venture 
LiquidShare was impaired by €1.5 million to zero value by mid 
2022. As per 31 December 2023, the entity was in the process 
of being liquidated and was ultimately liquidated in January 
2024.
▪ LCH SA
In the second half of 2017, the Group announced its intentions 
to swap its 2.31% stake in LCH Group for a 11.1% stake in LCH 
SA, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary 
conditions. The transaction was finalised on 29 December 
2017 and strengthened the long-standing relationship 
between Euronext and LCH SA. Euronext remained on the 
Board of LCH SA following completion of the share swap. 
Euronext also nominated one representative to LCH SA Audit 
Committee and continued to be represented at LCH SA Risk 
Committee. A new Consultative Committee dedicated to 
Euronext derivatives business was created. The parties have 
agreed that Euronext has certain minority protection rights 
connected with its shareholding in LCH SA.
As the Group concluded it had significant influence, the 11.1% 
stake in LCH SA amounting to €58.0 million was recognised in 
investments in associates and joint ventures as per 31 
December 2017. As per 31  December 2022 the investment 
amounted to €70.6 million (31 December 2021: €66.8 million).
Following the notification of the early termination of the 
Derivatives Clearing Agreement, LCH Group has exercised its 
option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA in July 
2023. As a result, the investment in LCH SA was derecognised 
and Euronext incurred a capital gain of €41.6 million. 
▪ Investment in Tokeny Solutions
On 28 June 2019, the Group acquired a 23.5% stake in Tokeny 
Solutions, a tokenisation platform that provides users end-to-
end solutions to issue, manage and transfer tokenised 
securities on public blockchain. The consideration of the 
investment amounted to €5.0 million. The Group recognised 
the acquired interest as an investment in associate. As per 30 
June 2021, following indications of a deteriorated future cash 
flow situation, the investment in associate Tokeny Solutions 
was impaired by €4.3 million to zero value (31 December 2022: 
no changes to this value). On 1 December 2023, Euronext 
disposed its stake in Tokeny Solutions. As a result, the 
investment in Tokeny Solutions was derecognised and 
Euronext incurred a capital gain of €11.4 million.
▪ Investment in Advanced Technology Solutions SpA 
(ATS)
On 1 December 2022, the Group acquired a 30.0% stake in 
Advanced Technology Solutions SpA. (ATS), which line of 
business includes designing, developing, and producing 
prepackaged computer software, at consideration of €0.7 
million. The value of this investment was €0.7 million as per 31 
December 2023 (2022: €0.7 million).
Equity Investments
▪ Euroclear SA/NV (Euroclear) Investment
On 30  April 2014, ICE contributed to the Group a 2.75% 
ownership interest into Euroclear, an unlisted company 
involved in the settlement of securities transaction and 
related banking services. Due to share buy-backs by 
Euroclear in 2015 and 2017 the direct investment in Euroclear 
increased from 2.75% to 3.34% as per 31 December 2017. In 
2018, the Group increased its interest in Euroclear from 3.34% 
to 3.53%, which was due to the acquisition of the Irish Stock 
Exchange Plc., that holds an 0.19% ownership interest in 
Euroclear. The Group also holds an 1.53% indirect investment 
in Euroclear, through its 9.60% ownership interest in Sicovam 
Holding SA.
The Group established a standardised multi-criteria approach 
valuation for financial institutions based on the Gordon 
Growth Model valuation technique as its primary valuation 
method and the regression valuation technique (P/BV and 
ROE) and trading multiples as control methods. In addition, 
the Group considers the most recent transactions observed, 
for the determination of fair value in addition to its primary 
valuation technique. The Group applies a weighted approach 
taking into account an illiquidity discount accounting for the 
limited number of transactions.
In 2023, the high interest rates environment led to a sharp 
increase of net interest earnings at Euroclear, which is 
predominantly driven by interests linked to frozen assets as a 
result of Russian sanctions and countermeasures.
The European Commission is contemplating various options 
to use the profits generated by sanctioned amounts held by 
financial institutions, including Euroclear, for the financing of 
Ukraine’s reconstruction.
Since considerable uncertainties persist, Euroclear considers 
it necessary to separate the estimated sanction-related 
earnings from the ‘underlying’ financial results when 
assessing the company’s performance and resources.
For this reason, the Group used the ‘underlying’ financial 
results published by Euroclear (i.e. excluding Russian-
sanctions related assets/earnings), as an input for its primary 
valuation technique.
In 2023, this valuation method resulted in a total valuation of 
Euroclear SA/NV of €5.3 billion (2022: €5.0 billion and 2021: 
€4.2 billion) and to an increase in fair value of the Group's 
direct- and indirect investments of €11.7 million (2022:€42.0 
million and 2021 €3.2 million). This revaluation was recorded 
in Other Comprehensive Income.
As per 31 December 2023, following the above, the fair value 
of the investment in Euroclear was measured at €187.6 million 
(31 December 2022: €175.9 million and 31 December 2021: 
€148.3 million) and the fair value of the investment in Sicovam 
Holding SA was measured at €73.5 million (31 December 2022: 
€73.5 million and 31 December 2021: €59.1 million).
Other factors
▪ Partial disposal of debt investment portfolio at 
Euronext Clearing 
In July 2022, Euronext Clearing reduced its investment 
portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its 
available regulatory capital and aligning the investment 
strategy to the current level of market volatility and 
uncertainty. 
As a result, Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio 
maturing after 1 May 2023 and decided to retain its short-term 
investment portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold 
these to maturity. The Group recycled the related revaluation 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 205

Page 208:
loss of €48.9 million from Other Comprehensive Income to 
non-underlying net treasury income.
Reference is made to section  7.1.14 - Liquidity risk of CCP 
clearing business and Credit risk of CCP clearing business for 
more details on the balances of the portfolio.
▪ Migration of Euronext Data Centre from Basildon 
(UK) to Bergamo (Italy)
On 6 June 2022, the Group completed the first part of the 
migration of its core data centre from Basildon (UK) to 
Bergamo (Italy). The core data centre migration was executed 
in order to pave the way for the migration of the Borsa Italiana 
equity and derivatives markets onto Euronext Optiq ® trading 
technology by 2023/2024. 
As a result, the right of use asset related to the Basildon data 
centre was partially depreciated in acceleration.
▪ Termination of Interest Rate Swap agreements
On 3 May 2022, the Group terminated its interest rate swap 
agreements which were formally designated and qualified as 
fair value hedges of Senior Unsecured Note #1. On 
termination, the Group cash settled the swap agreements 
that had a carrying amount of €8.9 million and the hedge 
relationship was discontinued. 
As from the moment of discontinuation of the fair value 
hedge, the accumulated fair value adjustments of Senior 
Unsecured Note #1 will be amortised to profit or loss based on 
a recalculated Effective Interest Rate over the remaining 
term of the Senior Unsecured Note #1. 
As per 31 December 2023, the accumulated fair value 
adjustments amounted to a negative €3.3 million (2022: €5.9 
million).
▪ COVID-19
In 2020, the global pandemic from the COVID-19 outbreak 
caused disruption to financial markets and normal patterns of 
business activity across the world, including the markets in 
which the Group operates. 
The Group was able to ensure smooth and efficient running of 
critical functions and processes. Euronext markets remained 
open, servicing a highly volatile trading environment, 
positively impacting the Group's trading revenues in 2020. 
The effects of the COVID-19 outbreak did not lead to the 
Group making use of any financial support from governments 
in the form of reliefs or grants and did not lead to a negative 
impact on the Group's liquidity position or to an impairment of 
goodwill. The COVID-19 pandemic has had no adverse impact 
on the Group in 2021 and 2022.
▪ Share repurchase programme
On 27 July 2023, the Group announced a share repurchase 
programme (the ‘Programme’) for an amount of €200 million. 
The Programme was implemented as follows: 
▪ Purpose: the purpose of the Programme is to reduce 
the share capital of the Group. All shares 
repurchased as part of the Programme will be 
cancelled; 
▪ Maximum amount allocated: €200 million;
▪ Duration: the targeted period for the Programme is 
from 31 July 2023 for a maximum duration of a year, 
to be implemented on Euronext Paris;
▪ Framework: Euronext aims to repurchase 
approximately 3.0% of its ordinary shares, as 
authorised by the General Meeting on 17 May 2023 to 
a limit of 10.0%.
Euronext entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with 
a financial intermediary to conduct the repurchase. 
The Programme was executed in compliance with applicable 
rules and regulations, including the Market Abuse Regulation 
596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052, and based on the authority granted by the annual 
general meeting of shareholders on 17 May 2023.
On 3 January 2024, the Group completed the Programme.
7.1.6 Goodwill
Goodwill recorded includes the entire goodwill that arose 
from the acquisition of the Amsterdam and Brussels stock 
exchanges in 2000 and the Lisbon stock exchange in 2002. It 
also includes an allocation of the goodwill that arose from the 
acquisition of Atos Euronext Market Solutions (AEMS), 
Euronext’s preferred IT service provider, in 2008. In 2017, 
additional goodwill was recorded in relation to the 
acquisitions of Company Webcast, iBabs and FastMatch. In 
2018, additional goodwill was recorded in relation to the 
acquisitions of InsiderLog, the Irish Stock Exchange and 
Commcise. In 2019, additional goodwill was recorded in 
relation to the acquisitions of Oslo Børs VPS and Finance Web 
Working SAS (disposed in 2022). In 2020, additional goodwill 
was recorded in relation to the acquisitions of Nord Pool, 
Ticker Software, 3Sens and VP Securities. In 2021, additional 
goodwill was recorded in relation to the acquisition of the 
Borsa Italiana Group and its subsidiaries. In 2022, additional 
goodwill was recorded in relation to the acquisitions of Spafid 
Issuer Services Business and Nexi Technology Businesses. 
Goodwill is adjusted in case of disposal of business 
combinations.
7.1.7 Financial and trading position
Other than as described below, there has been no significant 
change in the financial performance of the group since the 
end of the last financial period for which financial information 
has been published (31 December 2023) to the date of the 
registration document:
▪ Trading volumes from 1 January 2024 to 29 
February 2024
In January and February 2023, the average daily transaction 
value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €10,003 
million, down -7.3% compared to the same period in 2023.
In January and February 2023, Euronext recorded 7 new 
equity listings raising €0.1 billion. In addition, €2.2 billion was 
raised in secondary equity issuances and €357.3 billion was 
raised in debt issuances.
The overall average daily volumes on Euronext derivatives 
stood at 611,915 contracts, -4.8% compared to the same 
period in 2023, and the open interest was 23,816,176, +1.7% 
compared to the end of February 2023.
The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign 
exchange market stood at $24,286 million in January and 
February 2024, +20.8% compared to the same period last 
year.
7 Operating and Financial Review
206


Page 209:
MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +60.2% to €34,518 
million in January and February 2024, MTS Repo term 
adjusted average daily volume stood at €464,872 million, up 
+15.8% compared to the same period last year.
Euronext Clearing cleared 38,898,964 shares in January and 
February 2024, up +218.8% compared to January and 
February 2023. €5.1 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in 
January and February 2024 (double counted), +14.7% 
compared to the same period in 2023. 2,574,262 retail bond 
retail contracts were cleared in January and February 2024 
(double counted), +7.7% compared to January and February 
2023. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down 
-19.7% compared to January and February 2023, at 3,608,583 
contracts (single counted).
Euronext Securities reported 23,205,639 settlement 
instructions in January and February 2024, up +2.1% 
compared to the same period last year. The total Assets 
Under Custody amount to €6.7 trillion end of February 2024, 
+5.7% compared to February 2023.
7.1.8 Results of Operations
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 COMPARED TO THE 
YEARS ENDED 31  DECEMBER 2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 
2021
The table below sets forth Euronext’s results of operations for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021.
In thousands of euros
Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Revenue  1,426,876  1,418,774  1,253,523 
Net treasury income through CCP Business  46,660  (4,913)  35,432 
Other income  1,393  1,530  3,455 
Transitional income/ (loss)  (222)  3,419  6,245 
Total revenue and income  1,474,707  1,418,810  1,298,655 
Salaries and employee benefits  (332,416)  (307,017)  (287,073) 
Depreciation and amortisation  (170,131)  (160,191)  (134,572) 
Other operational expenses  (355,923)  (326,344)  (297,719) 
Operating profit  616,237  625,258  579,291 
Finance costs  (35,714)  (37,078)  (40,704) 
Finance income (a)  30,526  5,806  1,479 
Other net financing result (a)  5,208  (691)  4,833 
Results from equity investments  23,500  9,842  25,712 
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries  (206)  2,274  2,681 
Gain on sale of associates  53,028  —  — 
Share of net profit/(loss) of associates and joint ventures accounted 
for using the equity method, and impairments thereof  6,533  8,834  7,441 
Profit before income tax  699,112  614,245  580,733 
Income tax expense  (162,697)  (163,605)  (158,644) 
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  536,415  450,640  422,089 
Profit attributable to:
■ Owners of the parent  513,567  437,827  413,344 
■ Non-controlling interests  22,848  12,813  8,745 
(a) As from 2023, the Group presents finance income separately on the face of the income statement, following increased income from interest 
calculated using the effective interest method. The Group re-presented the comparative periods accordingly by reclassifying €5.8 million in 2022 
and €1.5 million in 2021 from 'Other net financing result' that was originally reported at €5.1 million in 2022 and €6.3 million in 2021.
Total revenue and income
Euronext’s total revenue and income for the year ended 
31  December 2023 was €1,474.7 million, an increase of €55.9 
million compared to €1,418.8 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022.
The table below sets forth Euronext’s revenue and income for 
the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021.
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 207

Page 210:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022 2021
Listing  220,642  218,380  189,689 
Trading revenue  490,008  514,125  465,265 
of which
■ Cash trading  265,439  301,714  293,684 
■ Derivatives trading  54,168  58,380  52,458 
■ Fixed income trading  107,425  92,951  65,783 
■ FX trading  25,556  28,406  23,479 
■ Power trading  37,420  32,674  29,861 
Investor Services  11,375  9,596  8,894 
Advanced data services  224,774  212,053  183,607 
Post-trade  370,183  364,519  320,570 
of which
■ Clearing  121,283  121,393  101,376 
■ Custody & Settlement and other  248,900  243,126  219,194 
Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue  109,894  100,101  85,498 
NTI through CCP business  46,660  (4,913)  35,432 
Other income  1,393  1,530  3,455 
Transitional income/loss  (222)  3,419  6,245 
TOTAL REVENUE AND INCOME  1,474,707  1,418,810  1,298,655 
The like-for-like measure in the operating results review 
below is used by the Group to improve comparability with the 
impact generated in the comparative period. It comprises the 
consolidated impact of the specific revenue or expense 
category for the year minus the impact of the specific 
revenue or expense category from newly acquired 
subsidiaries during the year.
Listing
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Listing revenue was €220.6 million in 2023, an increase of 
+1.0% compared to 2022, primarily reflecting the strong 
performance of Corporate Services, more than offsetting the 
negative impact of the NOK depreciation.
Equity listing activity was strong in a challenging context with 
64 new listings, ranking Euronext as the first listing venue in 
Europe in 2023. Equity listing revenue was solid at €105.1 
million, primarily supported by revenue from higher annual 
fees revenue and several large follow-on transactions. 
Euronext Corporate Services revenue grew +14.9% compared 
to 2022 to €45.4 million, resulting from the strong 
performance of its SaaS products more than offsetting lower 
webcast activities.
Debt listing activity was solid with revenue at €36.0 million, 
reflecting a better second half of 2023 with a more stable 
debt market and higher interest rate. Euronext maintained its 
world leading position in debt listing with 494 new ESG bonds 
listed over the year, an increase of over 20% from 2022. On a 
like-for-like basis at constant currencies, listing revenue 
increased by +3.2% compared to 2022.
For the year ended 31 December 20226:
Listing revenue was €218.4 million in 2022, an increase of 
+15.1% compared to 2021, reflecting higher annual fees, the 
strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and the 
positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue 
recognition over time 7. On a like-for-like basis at constant 
currencies, listing revenue increased by +6.6% compared to 
2021. 
Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its 
leading position in Europe with 83 new listings in 2022, 
outperforming all European listing venues. This compares to 
212 in 2021, which was a record year for new listings. Five of 
the top ten largest IPOs in Europe 8 in 2022 took place on 
Euronext, and international listings represented 21% of listing 
activity, demonstrating Euronext’s attractiveness for 
companies in its core markets in Europe and beyond.
In 2022, Euronext’s markets reported €3.8 billion raised in 
primary equity issues. This compares to a record 2021 with 
€26.0 billion raised on Euronext primary markets. 
Euronext’s secondary markets reported €28.5 billion raised in 
secondary equity issues in 2022, compared to €83.0 billion in 
2021.
Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF 
listings, with 478 new listings.
Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue 
for bonds worldwide in 2022 9, growing the number of bonds 
listed to more than 53,000 across all Euronext markets, 
despite persisting negative debt market conditions globally 
due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic 
growth. In 2022, €961.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext 
markets, reflecting the current market conditions, and 
compared to €1.5 trillion raised in 2021.
In total, €994.1 billion in equity and debt was raised on 
Euronext’s markets in 2022, which represents the second 
best year for equity and debt listing in Euronext’s history after 
the €1.6 trillion raised in 2021.
Euronext Corporate Services reported a strong year in terms 
of revenue at €39.5 million in 2022, up +6.5% compared to 
2021, resulting from a solid performance across the offering, 
despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic 
context.
7 Operating and Financial Review
208
6 Figures for money raised have been restated
7 Admission fees are recognized over a period of 3-5 years
8 In terms of money raised
9 According to the Federation of European Securities Exchanges (FESE)

Page 211:
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Listing revenue was €189.7 million in 2021, an increase of 
+30.4% compared to 2020, driven by record equity and debt 
listing activities, and the dynamism of Euronext Corporate 
Services. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, 
listing revenue increased by +8.0% compared to 2020. 
In 2021, Euronext reported an all-time record of 212 new 
equity listings. This performance confirmed Euronext’s 
leadership as the leading European equity listing venue 
thanks to its attractive value proposition for issuers, from 
Europe and abroad. Euronext welcomed 18 large 
capitalisation listings in 2021, including international blue chip 
issuers such as Allfunds (Spain), CTP (Czech Republic), InPost 
(Poland), Majorel (Luxembourg) and Universal Music Group 
(US). In 2021, Euronext also recorded 22 SPAC listings, 
confirming its position as the leading European venue for 
SPAC listings, as well as 109 new Tech company listings, 
positioning Euronext as the leading venue for Tech issuers in 
Europe. 
Secondary markets reported increased activity supported by 
large capitalisation deals, with €92.9 billion raised in 
secondary equity issues compared to €56.2 billion raised in 
2020.
Euronext reinforced its position as the leading exchange in 
Europe for the listing of ETFs in 2021.
Euronext confirmed its leading position worldwide in debt 
listing, recording an all-time high in new debt listings in 2021. 
This performance results from the favourable market 
conditions across Euronext listing venues, continued traction 
of ESG bonds as well as the benefits from Borsa Italiana debt 
listing capabilities. In 2021, €1.5 trillion in debt was raised on 
Euronext markets, compared to €1.2 trillion in 2020.
In total, €1.6 trillion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext 
markets in 2021, compared to €1.3 trillion in 2020.
Euronext Corporate Services reported a strong performance, 
generating €37.1 million in revenue in 2021, up +14.6% 
compared to 2020, capitalising on supportive trends towards 
further digitalisation and on an enhanced offering in 2021. 
Trading
Cash Trading
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Cash trading revenue decreased by -12.0% to €265.4 million in 
2023, reflecting the strong comparison base for cash trading 
in the first semester, partly offset by the positive impact of 
the migration of cash markets to Optiq® and efficient market 
share and revenue capture. 
Over the year, Euronext’s market share on cash equity trading 
averaged 65.1%, well above the indicated floor of at least 63%. 
Euronext average cash trading yield was 0.52 bps for the 
whole year, in line with the guidance despite the dilutive 
impact of Borsa Italiana’s fee scheme prior to the Optiq® 
migration on 27 March 2023. Post migration of the Italian 
markets to Optiq®, the yield over the last 9 months of 2023 
averaged 0.53bps, above the indicated floor.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, cash trading 
revenue was down -12.0% in 2023 compared to 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Cash trading revenue increased by +2.7% to € 301.7 million in 
2022, reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group 
and strong volumes during the first semester of 2022, 
partially offset by lower volumes in the second half of 2022. 
Over 2022, Euronext recorded cash trading average daily 
volumes of €11.7 billion, stable compared to a record year 2021 
at €11.8 billion. Euronext continued to be the provider of the 
best market quality, with a sustained above-average EBBO 
presence across the equity markets it operates10. 
Over the year, Euronext’s market share on cash trading 
averaged 66.6%, with a clear uptick in market share since 
October 2022, thanks to intense commercial activity and 
enhanced fee schemes.
Over 2022, Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps, 
reflecting the dilutive impact of the Borsa Italiana fee grid 
before the migration to the Optiq ® trading platform and higher 
transaction orders sizes on a reported basis. The largest 
single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will 
significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian 
cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary 
trading platform Optiq ® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit 
local and global trading members. Euronext expects to 
maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or 
equal to 63%, and revenue capture around 0.52bps following 
the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq ®, 
considering current market conditions and orders size.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, cash trading 
revenue was down -4.4% in 2022 compared to 2021. 
For the year ended 31 December 202111:
Cash trading revenue increased by +13.1% to €293.7 million in 
2021 as a result of the consolidation of Borsa Italiana capital 
markets and efficient revenue capture in an environment of 
decreasing trading volumes after a very dynamic 2020 trading 
environment. Over 2021, Euronext cash markets reported 
average daily volumes of €11.8 billion supported by several 
volatility spikes, yet this was down -4.6%, on a pro forma 
basis, compared to a record year 2020. 
Over 2021, Euronext cash trading yield averaged 0.53bps and 
the market share on cash trading averaged 71.0%12.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, cash trading 
revenue was down -1.6% in 2021 compared to a highly volatile 
year 2020.
Derivatives Trading
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -7.2% to €54.2 
million in 2023, as a result of the low volatility environment for 
equity derivatives, partly offset by the strong performance of 
the commodities franchise.
Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading increased to 
€0.34 per lot in 2023, resulting from improved revenue 
capture across the offering and a positive mix impact. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, derivatives 
trading revenue was down -7.0% in 2023 compared to 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 209
10 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL
11 2020 data used in 2021 are pro forma Borsa Italiana volumes
12 Reported market share and yield for 8 months of consolidation of Borsa Italiana trading volumes

Page 212:
Derivatives trading revenue increased by +11.3% to €58.4 
million in 2022, as a result of strong traction on the index 
derivatives franchise and improved product mix enhancing 
revenue capture.
During 2022, average daily volume on financial derivatives 
was 616,092 lots, down -5.3% from 2021, reflecting a strong 
comparison basis in a volatile 2021, including lower activity 
from equity finance clients.
Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 
79,318 lots in 2022, down -3.5% compared to 2021, reflecting a 
decrease in commodity futures trading compared to all-time 
high levels in 2021, partly offset by record activity on 
commodity options. 
Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 
per lot in 2022, resulting from improved revenue capture 
across the offering. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, derivatives 
trading revenue was up +2.6% in 2022 compared to 2021. 
For the year ended 31 December 20218:
Derivatives trading revenue increased by +6.6% to €52.5 
million in 2021 as a result of the consolidation of Borsa Italiana 
Capital Markets, newly launched innovative products and of a 
record year for commodity derivatives trading. 
In 2021, average daily volume on financial derivatives was 
650,898 lots, down -8.3% from 2020 reflecting a low volatility 
environment for equity derivatives, while average daily 
volume on commodity derivatives was 82,219 lots, up +22.6% 
from 2020 reflecting successful expansion of the franchise.
Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.29 
per lot for 2021.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, derivatives 
trading revenue was down -8.5% in 2021 compared to 2020.
Fixed income trading
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Fixed income trading reported record revenue at €107.4 
million in 2023, up +15.6% compared to 2022, reflecting a 
strong performance across the offering in a supportive 
economic environment. MTS reported an overall robust 
performance in markets dominated by increasing interest 
rates. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, fixed income 
trading revenue was up +15.8% in 2023 compared to 2022.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Fixed income trading reported revenue was at €93.0 million in 
2022, compared to €65.8 million in 2021, reflecting the 
consolidation of MTS, whose volumes reflected the change in 
macro-economic conditions in Europe with rising inflation, 
interest rates and uncertainties which favoured money 
markets.
MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets 
dominated by increasing interest rates. In 2022, MTS Cash 
reported €59.5 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported 
€21.6 million of revenue. 
2022 recorded strong growth in Repo trading, with term-
adjusted average daily volumes up +25.1% compared to 2021 
to €353.7 billion. This compensated for lower MTS Cash 
average daily volumes, down -21.2% to €18.9 billion, compared 
to €24.0 billion in 2021.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, fixed income 
trading revenue was down -8.9% in 2022 compared to 2021. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Fixed income trading reported revenue at €65.8 million in 
2021, compared to €2.6 million in 2020 and €2.6 million in 
2019, resulting from the consolidation of MTS. MTS Cash 
contributed €46.8 million of revenues, while MTS Repo 
reported €12.7 million for 2021. MTS reported significant 
growth in cash volumes driven by steady issuance as well as 
European bond buying programmes and a dynamic Italian 
market. 
MTS Cash average daily volumes grew +71.8% versus 2020 to 
€24.0 billion in 2021. MTS Repo reported term adjusted 
average daily volumes down -18.2% to €282.7 billion with a 
renewed dynamic during the fourth quarter of 2021.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, fixed income 
trading revenue (solely Euronext perimeter) was down -34.2% 
in 2021 compared to 2020. 
FX Trading
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
FX trading revenues were at €25.6 million in 2023, down 
-10.0% compared to a record performance in 2022. This 
decrease reflects the lower volatility in the first three 
quarters of the year and negative FX impact. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, FX trading 
revenue was down -7.8% in 2023 compared to 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
FX trading reported all-time record revenues at €28.4 million 
in 2022, up +21.0% from 2021. Euronext FX trading benefited 
from the positive momentum with heightened volatility, 
geographic expansion and product diversification.
Over 2022, average daily volumes of USD 22.5 billion were 
recorded, up +17.1% compared to 2021.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, FX trading 
revenue was up +7.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.
For the year ended the 31 December 2021:
FX trading reported revenue at €23.5 million in 2021, down 
-10.9% from 2020, reflecting lower trading volumes as FX 
markets recorded lower volatility through the year. In 2021, 
US$19.2 billion average daily volumes were recorded, down 
-10.3% compared to 2020.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, FX trading 
revenue was down -7.4% in 2021 compared to 2020.
Power Trading:
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Power trading reported record revenue at €37.4 million in 
2023, representing a strong growth of +14.5% compared to 
2022, driven by a strong increase in intraday volumes and 
continued geographic expansion. This performance more 
than offsets the negative impact of the NOK. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, power trading 
revenue was up +29.3% compared to 2022. 
7 Operating and Financial Review
210


Page 213:
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Power trading reported €32.7 million in revenue in 2022, 
representing a strong growth of +9.4% compared to 2021, 
driven by record volumes, totalling over 1,000TWh, and 
continued successful geographic expansion in Central and 
Western Europe, UK and Ireland. Over 2022, average daily 
day-ahead power traded was 2.75TWh, up +11.4% compared 
to 2021, and average daily intraday power traded was 
0.10TWh, up +49.8% compared to 2021.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, power trading 
revenue was up +8.9% compared to 2021. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Power trading reported €29.9 million in revenue in 2021, 
+9.3% compared to 2020 as lower trading volumes in the UK 
and Ireland as well as Central and Western Europe markets 
were offset by an enhanced revenue capture. In 2021, average 
daily day-ahead power traded was 2.47TWh, down -2.0% 
compared to 2020, and average daily intraday power traded 
was 0.07TWh, down -2.3% compared to 2020.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, power trading 
revenue was down -0.3% compared to 2020.
Investor Services
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Investor Services reported record revenue at €11.4 million 
revenue in 2023, representing a +18.5% increase compared to 
2022, resulting from successful organic growth of the 
product portfolio.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Investor 
Services revenue was up +21.1% compared to 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Investor Services reported €9.6 million revenue in 2022, 
representing a +7.9% increase compared to 2021, resulting 
from successful growth of the client base and successful key 
product launches. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Investor 
Services revenue was up +10.8% compared to 2021.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Investor Services revenue increased to €8.9 million in 2021, 
up +17.3% compared to 2020, resulting from successful 
commercial expansion and enhancement of the offering. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Investor 
Services revenue was up +26.9% compared to 2020.
Advanced Data Services
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €224.8 million in 
2023, up +6.0% from 2022, driven by the strong performance 
across the data products offering and solid demand for 
analytic products. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Advanced Data 
Services revenue was up +6.2% compared to 2022.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Advanced Data Services recorded revenue grew to €212.1 
million in 2022, up +15.5% from 2021, driven by the 
consolidation of Borsa Italiana’s data businesses, as well as a 
strong performance of the core data and advanced data 
solutions businesses. The Euronext’s indices franchise 
posted a resilient performance in 2022, despite lower 
structured products activity following two years of intense 
volatility.
Euronext continued to expand its ESG Indices franchise in 
2022 including with the successful launch of ESG versions of 
its national flagship indices, the AEX ® ESG in the Netherlands 
and the OBX ® ESG in Norway, reinforcing the existing offering 
that already included the CAC 40 ® ESG in France and the MIB ® 
ESG in Italy.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Advanced Data 
Services revenue was up +5.4% compared to 2021.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Over 2021, Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €183.6 
million, up +32.1% compared to the previous year as a result of 
the consolidation of Borsa Italiana Group data businesses, as 
well as solid market data activities, dynamic indices business 
with the launch of 20 new ESG indices and growing traction of 
data solutions activity. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Advanced Data 
Services revenue was up +4.1% compared to 2020.
Post Trade
Clearing
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Clearing revenue was stable at €121.3 million in 2023, 
reflecting the positive impact of the Euronext Clearing 
European expansion for equities in November 2023 and 
dynamic bond clearing. This performance offsets softer 
equity and derivatives clearing volumes and lower treasury 
income received from LCH SA.
In 2023, Euronext Clearing revenue included €5.6 million from 
derivatives clearing, €16.6 million from equities clearing, and 
€13.6 million from bonds clearing.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, clearing 
revenue was stable compared to 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Clearing revenue grew by +19.7% to €121.4 million in 2022, 
reflecting the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and a 
volatile volume environment throughout the year. Non-
volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees, 
treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €39.4 
million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022.
Euronext Clearing activities reflected the general market 
dynamic over 2022, with a gradual decline in equity and 
derivatives clearing volumes offset by a steady increase in 
bond clearing volumes. In 2022, Euronext Clearing revenue 
included €6.5 million from derivatives clearing, €16.7 million 
from equities clearing, and €9.8 million from bonds clearing.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, clearing 
revenue was up +3.8% compared to 2021. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Clearing revenue was up in 2021, at €101.4 million, +51.2% 
compared to 2020, as a result of the consolidation of 
Euronext Clearing (formerly CC&G) activities as well as higher 
clearing revenue supported by an increase in commodity 
derivatives cleared and higher treasury income received from 
LCH SA. Euronext Clearing’s derivatives clearing for the full 
year amounted to €3.9 million, bonds clearing to €5.7 million, 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 211

Page 214:
and equities clearing generated €11.6 million of revenues, for 
8 months of consolidation of Euronext Clearing clearing 
activities. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, clearing 
revenue was up +6.6% compared to 2020.
Net treasury income 
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Net treasury income was €46.7 million in 2023. As a reminder, 
2022 net treasury income was impacted by the partial 
disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio, which 
resulted in a one-off, non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 
million in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income 
of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off 
loss in 2022, net treasury income was up +6.0% in 2023 
compared to 2022, reflecting the implementation of the new 
investment strategy for Euronext Clearing.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Net treasury income through the CCP business of Euronext 
Clearing amounted to a loss of €-4.9 million in 2022. Net 
treasury income through CCP clearing business is earned 
from instruments held at amortised cost or fair value as 
follows:
▪ A total €55.3 million gain was earned from financial 
assets and financial liabilities held at amortised cost 
(€28.6 million from interest income on liabilities held 
at amortised cost and €26.7 million on interest 
expenses on assets held at amortized cost).
▪ A net €11.3 million loss was incurred from assets 
held at fair value (€32.3 million income and €43.6 
million expense.
▪ In addition, a revaluation loss of €48.9 million was 
incurred, following a one–off partial disposal of the 
debt investment portfolio held at Euronext Clearing. 
The Group recycled the related loss from Other 
Comprehensive Income to net treasury income.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Net treasury income through the CCP business of Euronext 
Clearing was €35.4 million in 2021 for 8 months of 
consolidation. Net treasury income through CCP clearing 
business is earned from instruments held at amortised cost 
or fair value as follows: 
▪ A net €43.6 million was earned from financial assets 
and financial liabilities held at amortised cost (€93.1 
million income and €49.5 million expense). 
▪ A net €8.2 million loss was incurred from assets held 
at fair value (€30.1 million income and €38.3 million 
expense).
Settlement & Custody
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Revenue from Custody, Settlement and other Post-Trade 
activities was at €248.9 million in 2023, up +2.4% compared 
to 2022, driven by growing assets under custody, improved 
revenue capture and continued expansion of the services 
business. This performance offset the negative impact of the 
NOK depreciation.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Custody, 
Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +5.5% 
compared to 2022.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Revenue from Custody, Settlement and other Post-Trade 
activities was at €243.1 million in 2022, up +10.9% compared 
to 2021, driven by the consolidation of Euronext Securities 
Milan, a positively geared geographical mix and stable assets 
under custody, which offset lower settlement activity.
120,550,357 settlement instructions were processed in 2022 
and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion at the end of 
December 2022. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Custody, 
Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -4.8% 
compared to 2021.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Revenue from Custody, Settlement and other Post Trade, 
including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen, 
Milan, Oslo, Porto), was €219.2 million in 2021, up +99.0% from 
2020. This result from the consolidation of Euronext 
Securities Milan (from 29 April 2021) and of Euronext 
Securities Copenhagen (from 4 August 2020), as well as 
record activity across the CSDs with all-time high value of 
assets under custody, number of settlement instructions and 
number of retail accounts. 
Over 2021, 136,171,006 of settlement instructions were 
processed by Euronext Securities CSDs, pro forma Euronext 
Securities Milan.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Custody, 
Settlement and other Post-trade revenue was up +12.1% 
compared to 2020.
Technology Solutions and Other revenue
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Euronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to 
€109.9 million in 2023, up +9.8% from 2022, reflecting 
continued benefits from the internalisation of the colocation 
activity following the Core Data Centre migration to Bergamo.
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Euronext 
Technologies and Other revenue was up +8.8% compared to 
2022.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Euronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €100.1 
million in 2022, up +17.1% from 2021, resulting from the 
consolidation of Borsa Italiana Group technology activities, 
including Gatelab and X2M and additional revenue generated 
through colocation activity following the Euronext’s Core Data 
Centre migration. 
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Euronext 
Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.3%. compared to 
2021.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was €85.5 million 
in 2021, up +71.9% from 2020 as a result of the consolidation 
of Borsa Italiana Group technology businesses, including 
Gatelab and X2M as well as increased revenues from 
connectivity and colocation services.
7 Operating and Financial Review
212


Page 215:
On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies, Euronext 
Technologies and Other revenue was up +5.0% compared to 
2020.
Euronext 2023 revenue by geography
France 25.7%
Italy 33.3%
Netherlands 12.3%
Belgium 2.1%
Portugal 2.5%
Ireland 2.6%
United
States 2.0%
Norway 13.1%
Denmark 5.3%
Others 1.1%
Euronext 2022 revenue by geography
France 26.5%
Italy 30.8%
Netherlands 13.0%
Belgium 2.2%
Portugal 2.4%
Ireland 2.8%
United
States 2.2%
Norway 14.1%
Denmark 5.1%
Others 0.9%
Euronext 2021 revenue by geography
France 29.9%
Italy 23.5%Netherlands 14.6%
Belgium 2.4%
Portugal 2.7%
Ireland 3.1%
United
States 2.1%
Norway 14.9%
Denmark 5.9%
Others 0.9%
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 213

Page 216:
Operating Expenses
in thousand of euros 2023 2022 2021
Salaries and employee benefits  (332,416)  (307,017)  (287,073) 
Depreciation and amortisation  (170,131)  (160,191)  (134,572) 
Other operational expenses  (355,923)  (326,344)  (297,719) 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES  (858,470)  (793,552)  (719,364) 
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Euronext operating expenses in 2023 were €858.5 million, 
compared to €793.6 million in 2022, an increase of €64.9 
million or +8.2%. The overall cost increase in 2023 was 
primarily due to:
▪ increase in depreciation and amortisation resulting 
from the go-live of sofware assets;
▪ costs related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana 
Group and the realisation of strategic projects.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Euronext operating expenses in 2022 were €793.6 million, 
compared to €719.4 million in 2021, an increase of €74.2 
million or +10.3%. The overall cost increase in 2022 was 
primarily due to:
▪ the consolidation of the costs from the Borsa 
Italiana Group (consolidated for eight months in 
2021);
▪ increase in depreciation and amortisation resulting 
from the Borsa Italiana Group, including its related 
PPA;
▪ integration costs related to the new acquisitions.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Euronext operating expenses in 2021 were €719.4 million, 
compared to €439.4 million in 2020, an increase of €280.0 
million or 52.8%. The overall cost increase in 2021 was due to:
▪ the consolidation of the costs from the Borsa 
Italiana Group, Euronext Securities Copenhagen 
(since 4 August 2020) and 3Sens (part of Corporate 
Services);
▪ increase in depreciation and amortisation resulting 
from the Borsa Italiana Group, including its related 
PPA for €39.0 million (for eight months of 
consolidation);
▪ integration costs related to the new acquisitions.
Salaries and Employee Benefits
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Salaries and Employee Benefits increased by €25.4 million, or 
+8.3%, to €332.4 million, compared to €307.0 million in 2022. 
This increase is attributable to an increase of the headcount 
and non-underlying expenses related to the integration of the 
Borsa Italiana Group.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Salaries and Employee Benefits increased by €19.9 million, or 
6.9%, to €307.0 million in 2022, compared to €287.1 million in 
2021. The increase is mainly attributable to the increase in 
headcount following the incorporation of the Borsa Italiana 
Group that was only consolidated for eight months in 2021.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Salaries and Employee Benefits increased by €83.8 million, or 
41.2%, to €287.1 million in 2021, compared to €203.3 million in 
2020. The increase is mainly attributable to the increase in 
headcount following the incorporation of the Borsa Italiana 
Group and other recent acquisitions. 
Depreciation and Amortisation
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Depreciation and amortisation accounted for €170.1 million in 
2023, up +6.2%, mainly due to the go-live of several internally 
developed software assets. PPA related to acquired 
businesses accounted for €82.2 million and is included in 
depreciation and amortisation.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Depreciation and amortisation accounted for €160.2 million in 
2022, up +19.0%, mostly due to the consolidation of the Borsa 
Italiana Group. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted 
for €83.3 million and is included in depreciation and 
amortisation. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Depreciation and amortisation accounted for €134.6 million in 
2021, up +127.0%, resulting primarily from the consolidation of 
the Borsa Italiana Group, including its related PPA for €39.0 
million (for eight months of consolidation).
Other Operational Expenses
In thousands of euros 2023 2022 2021
Systems and 
communications  (102,622)  (121,924)  (86,286) 
Professional services  (76,469)  (71,234)  (89,119) 
Clearing expenses  (34,502)  (35,604)  (33,650) 
Accommodation  (18,712)  (13,520)  (9,343) 
Other expenses  (123,618)  (84,062)  (79,321) 
TOTAL  (355,923)  (326,344)  (297,719) 
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Systems and Communications decreased by €19.3 million, or 
-15.8%, to €102.6 million in 2023, reflecting the decrease of 
expenses for services received from LSEG under the TSA 
agreement.
Professional services increased by €5.2 million, or +7.4%, to 
€76.5 million in 2023, mainly related to an increase in one-off 
expenses for services used for the implementation of the 
integration of Borsa Italiana Group.
Clearing expenses (solely related to clearing activities with 
LCH SA) decreased by €1.1 million, or -3.1%, to €34.5 million in 
7 Operating and Financial Review
214


Page 217:
2023. This is mostly linked to the softer volume environment 
for the clearing activity in 2023.
Accommodation increased by €5.2 million, or +38.4%, to €18.7 
million in 2023. This is mostly linked to higher costs in Italy, 
especially from data centers and energy expenses across the 
different locations.
Other Expenses increased by €39.6 million, or +47.1%, in 2023 
to €123.6 million. This mostly reflects the termination fee paid 
to LCH SA for the termination of the Clearing Agreement.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Systems and Communications increased by €35.6 million, or 
+41.3%, to €121.9 million in 2022, compared to €86.3million in 
2021. The increase can primarily be attributed to recent 
acquisitions.
Professional Services decreased by €17.9 million, or -20.1%, 
to €71.2 million in 2022, compared to €89.1 million in 2021. 
This change is mainly attributable to the decrease of 
outsourced services.
Clearing expenses (solely related to clearing activities with 
LCH SA) increased by €2.0 million, or 5.8%, to €35.6 million, 
compared to €33.6 million in 2020. This is mainly linked to 
higher clearing revenues.
Accommodation increased by €4.2 million, or +44.7%, to 
€13.5 million, compared to €9.3 million in 2021. This increase 
can be attributed to the impact of recently acquired 
subsidiaries as well as the new core data centre. 
Other Expenses increased by €4.7 million, or +6.0%, to €84.1 
million in 2021, compared to €79.3 million in 2021. This can 
primarily be attributed to higher marketing and events 
expenses in post-pandemic context.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Systems and Communications increased by €47.8 million, or 
+124.0%, to €86.3 million in 2021, compared to €38.5 million in 
2020. The increase can primarily be attributed to recent 
acquisitions and an increase in licence fees.
Professional Services increased by €25.3 million, or 39.7%, to 
€89.1 million in 2021, compared to €63.8 million in 2020. This 
change is mainly attributable to the impact of recently 
acquired subsidiaries.
Clearing expenses (solely related to clearing activities with 
LCH SA) increased by €0.6 million, or 1.8%, to €33.6 million, 
compared to €33.1 million in 2020. This is mainly linked to 
higher clearing revenues.
Accommodation increased by €2.6 million, or 37.9%, to €9.3 
million, compared to €6.8 million in 2020. This increase can 
be attributed to the impact of recently acquired subsidiaries. 
Other Expenses increased by €44.7 million, or +129.2%, to 
€79.3 million in 2021, compared to €34.6 million in 2020. This 
can primarily be attributed to recent acquisitions.
Net Financing Income / (Expense)
In thousands of euros 2023 2022 2021
Interest expense (effective interest 
method)  (34,598)  (36,587)  (40,295) 
Interest in respect of lease liabilities  (1,116)  (733)  (718) 
Other finance costs  —  242  309 
Total finance costs  (35,714)  (37,078)  (40,704) 
Interest income (effective interest 
method)  30,526  5,806  1,479 
Total finance income  30,526  5,806  1,479 
Interest income from interest rate swaps  —  1,479  5,004 
Hedging result  —  —  (698) 
Gain / (loss) on disposal of treasury 
investments  4,721  (2,307)  (711) 
Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)  487  137  1,238 
Other net financing result  5,208  (691)  4,833 
Total  20  (31,963)  (34,392) 
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Net financing income for 2023 was €20k, compared to a net 
financing expense of €32.0 million in 2022. This decrease in 
net financing expense reflects the recent evolution of 
ascending interest rates, which resulted in an increase of 
interest income on the Group's outstanding cash balances.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Net financing expense for 2022 was €32.0 million compared 
to a net financing expense of €34.4 million in 2021. This 
decrease results from elimination of costs in relation to the 
financing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group 
partially offsetting the higher costs of issued debt.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Net financing expense for 2021 was €34.4 million compared 
to a net financing expense of €12.8 million in 2020. This 
increase results from the costs of the newly issued debt in 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 215

Page 218:
relation to the financing of the acquisition of the Borsa 
Italiana Group.
Result from equity investments and gain on disposal of 
subsidiaries
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
In 2023, results from equity investments amounted to €83.1 
million, mainly reflecting the following items:
• €41.6 million gain for the disposal of Euronext's 11.1% 
stake in LCH SA.
• €23.5 million of dividends received from the Group's 
investments in Euroclear S.A. and Sicovam Holding 
S.A and the contribution of Euronext's stake in LCH 
SA until its sale.
• €11.4 million gain for the sale of Euronext's 18.93% 
investment in Tokeny S.a.r.l.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
In 2022, results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 
million, mainly reflecting the following items:
• €9.8 million of dividends received from Euroclear;
• the contribution from LCH SA, in which Euronext 
owns a 11.1% stake.
In addition, the Group disposed its interests in subsidiaries 
Finance Web Working SAS and MTS Markets International Inc. 
in 2022. This resulted in a combined result from disposal of 
€2.3 million.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
In 2021, results from equity investments amounted to €33.2 
million, reflecting the following items:
• €25.7 million of dividends received from Euroclear 
and Sicovam Holding S.A.;
• the contribution from LCH SA, in which Euronext 
owns a 11.1% stake.
In addition, the Group disposed its interest in subsidiaries 
Centevo AB and Oslo Market Solutions AS in 2021. This 
resulted in a combined result from disposal of €2.7 million.
Profit before Income Tax
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Euronext profit before income tax for the year ended 31 
December 2023 was €699.1 million, up +13.8% compared to 
€614.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. This 
increase mainly reflects the higher results from equity 
investments and lower net financing expense described 
above.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Euronext profit before income tax for the year ended 31 
December 2022 was €614.2 million, compared to €580.7 
million for the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 
€33.5 million or +5.8%. This increase was mainly caused by 
the €46.0 million increase in operating profit already 
described above, partially offset by lower results from equity 
investment.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Euronext profit before income tax for the year ended 31 
December 2021 was €580.7 million, compared to €442.7 
million for the year ended 31 December 2020, an increase of 
€138.0 million or +31.2%. This increase was mainly caused by 
the €134.3 million increase in operating profit already 
described above, as well as higher results from equity 
investment, partly offset by higher net financing income / 
(expense).
Income Tax Expense
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Euronext's income tax expense for the year ended 31 
December 2023 was €162.7 million, down -0.6% compared to 
€163.6 million in 2022. Euronext's effective tax rate was 
23.3% for the year ended 31 December 2023, compared to 
26.6% for the year ended 31 December 2022. This decrease of 
the effective tax rate mostly reflects the tax-exempt 
proceeds from the sales of Euronext's stakes in LCH SA and 
Tokeny.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Euronext's income tax expense for the year ended 31 
December 2022 was €163.6 million, compared to €158.6 
million for the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 
€5.0 million or +3.1%. Euronext's effective tax rate was 26.6% 
for the year ended 31 December 2022, compared to 27.3% for 
the year ended 31 December 2021. The decrease of the 
effective tax rate in 2022 is primarily due to less non 
deductible acquisition expenses and less unrecognized tax 
losses recognized in 2022 compared to 2021.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Euronext's income tax expense for the year ended 31 
December 2021 was €158.6 million, compared to €122.2 
million for the year ended 31 December 2020, an increase of 
€36.4 million or +29.9%. Euronext's effective tax rate was 
27.3% for the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to 
27.6% for the year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease of 
the effective tax rate in 2021 is primarily due to non-
deductible acquisition costs.
Profit for the Year
For the year ended 31 December 2023:
Euronext reported profit for the year ended 31 December 
2023 of €536.4 million, compared to €450.6 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, an increase of €85.7 million or 
19.0%. Of this profit, €513.6 million was attributable to the 
shareholders of the parent.
For the year ended 31 December 2022:
Euronext reported profit for the year ended 31 December 
2022 of €450.6 million, compared to €422.1 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of €28.6 million or 
+6.8%. Of this profit, €437.8 million was attributable to the 
shareholders of the parent.
For the year ended 31 December 2021:
Euronext reported profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 
was €422.1 million, compared to €320.5 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, an increase of €101.5 million or 
+32%. Of this profit, €413.3 million was attributable to the 
shareholders of the parent.
7 Operating and Financial Review
216


Page 219:
7.1.9 Balance sheet
For the figures used in the balance sheet review below, 
reference is made to the table containing the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet in Chapter 5 ‘Selected historical consolidated 
financial information and other financial information’.
For the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2022: 
Total assets increased by €17,100.0 million, to €192,237.3 
million for year ended 31 December 2023, compared to 
€175,137.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. This 
increase was mainly attributable to:
▪ €97.7 million of decrease in the line Goodwill and 
other intangible assets, which was primarily 
impacted by the amortization of intangible assets 
that were recognised as part of past acquisitions 
(PPA).
▪ €70.7 million of decrease in the line Investments in 
associates and joint ventures, which was mainly 
related to the sale and subsequent de-recognition of 
the investments in LCH SA and Tokeny in 2023.
▪ €16,872.7 million of increase in the line CCP clearing 
business assets, which reflect the financial 
instrument positions linked to the Central 
Counterparty (CCP) activity of Cassa di 
Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A. (CC&G). The 
increase mainly relates to assets under repurchase 
transactions.
▪ €59.7 million of decrease in the line other current 
financial assets, which impact is mainly driven by 
redemptions of short-term deposits and 
investments in debt instruments and in various 
Euronext entities.
▪ €447.7 million of increase in the line cash and cash 
equivalents, which movement is further explained in 
section 7.1.10.
Total equity increased by €45.0 million, to €4,085.3 million for 
year ended 31 December 2023, compared to €4,040.3 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase was 
mainly attributable to:
▪ €277.7 million of increase in the line Retained 
earnings, which was primarily caused by €513.6 
million of profit for the year attributable to the 
shareholders of the Company, partly offset by the 
dividends paid to the shareholders of the company 
for €237.2 million.
▪ €36.7 million of decrease in other reserves, which 
was caused by a decrease in foreign currency 
translation reserve, that was partially offset by an 
increase in revaluation of financial assets held at fair 
value through OCI.
▪ €209.3 million of decrease in reserve own shares, 
following the share repurchase programmes that 
were executed in 2023.
▪ €13.3 million of increase in non-controlling interests 
(NCI), which is driven by the profit for the year 
attributable to NCI, partly offset by dividends paid to 
NCI.
Total liabilities increased by €17,055.0 million, to €188,152.0 
million for year ended 31 December 2023, compared to 
€171,097.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. This 
increase was mainly attributable to:
▪ €16,973.6 million of increase in the line CCP clearing 
business liabilities, which reflect the financial 
instrument positions linked to the Central 
Counterparty (CCP) activity of Cassa di 
Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A. (CC&G). The 
increase mainly relates to liabilities under 
repurchase transactions.
▪ €60.7 million of increase in the line current income 
tax liabilities tax, which was driven by the increased 
profit before tax for the year 2023.
▪ €19.6 million of increase in the line Trade and other 
payables, which was mainly related to an increase in 
accrued expenses driven by the termination and 
migration fees related to the termination of the 
Derivatives Clearing Agreement with LCH SA in 
2023.
For the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2021: 
Total assets increased by €29,231.0 million, to €175,137.3 
million for year ended 31 December 2022, compared to 
€145,906.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. This 
increase was mainly attributable to:
▪ €23.9 million of decrease in the line Right-of-Use 
assets, which was impacted by the amortization of 
right-of-use assets in relation to the Group’s office 
buildings and equipment leases in 2022. 
▪ €70.9 million of decrease in the line Trade and other 
receivables, which was mainly related to the impact 
from Nord Pool power sales, as a result of lower 
energy prices at the end of 2022.
▪ €29,097.1 million of increase in the line CCP clearing 
business assets, which reflect the financial 
instrument positions linked to the Central 
Counterparty (CCP) activity of Cassa di 
Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A. (CC&G). The 
increase mainly relates to assets under repurchase 
transactions.
▪ €45.0 million of increase in the line current income 
tax receivable, which impact is mainly driven by 
prepayments of declared income tax provisions at 
Borsa Italiana Group that did not reflect the 
mitigating impact of the revaluation loss resulting 
from the partial disposal of the debt investment 
portfolio held at CC&G.
▪ €196.7 million of increase in the line cash and cash 
equivalents, which movement is further explained in 
section 7.1.10.
Total equity increased by €269.6 million, to €4,040.3 million 
for year ended 31 December 2022, compared to €3,770.7 
million for the year ended 31 December 2021. This increase 
was mainly attributable to:
▪ €242.9 million of increase in the line Retained 
earnings, which was primarily caused by €437.8 
million of profit for the year attributable to the 
shareholders of the Company, partly offset by the 
dividends paid to the shareholders of the company 
for €206.0 million. 
▪ €13.6 million of increase in other reserves, which 
was caused by an increase in revaluation of financial 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 217

Page 220:
assets held at fair value through OCI, that was 
partially offset by a decrease in foreign currency 
translation reserve.
▪ €10.0 million of increase in reserve own shares, 
following the vesting of employee share plans in 
2022.
Total liabilities increased by €28,961.4 million, to €171,097.0 
million for year ended 31 December 2022, compared to 
€142,135.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. This 
increase was mainly attributable to:
▪ €17.9 million of decrease in the line Non-current 
Borrowings, which relates to fair value adjustments 
linked to the bond interest rate hedge. As per 3 May 
2022, the hedge was discontinued.
▪ €39.9 million of decrease in the line Deferred tax 
liability, which was caused by deferred tax impact on 
amortisation of certain intangible assets valued on 
historical acquisitions (PPA).
▪ €29,126.3 million of increase in the line CCP clearing 
business liabilities, which reflect the financial 
instrument positions linked to the Central 
Counterparty (CCP) activity of Cassa di 
Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A. (CC&G). The 
increase mainly relates to liabilities under 
repurchase transactions.
▪ €43.5 million of decrease in the line Trade and other 
payables, which was mainly related to Nord Pool 
power purchases, as a result of lower energy prices 
at the end of 2022.
7.1.10 Cash flow
The table below summarises Euronext consolidated cash flow for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021:
In thousands of euros
Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Net cash generated  by operating activities  826,073  616,486  543,706 
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (b)  155,392  (122,585)  (4,210,509) 
Net cash (used in)/provided by generated by financing activities (b)  (519,700)  (282,368)  3,834,087 
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  461,765  211,533  167,284 
Cash and cash equivalents – Beginning of period  1,001,082  809,409  629,469 
Non-cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents  (14,059)  (19,860)  12,656 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS – END OF PERIOD  1,448,788  1,001,082  809,409 
(a) includes €5.0 million of cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale for the year ended 31 December 2021.
(b) As from 2023, the Group presents 'interest received' as part of cash flows from investing activities, whereas in previous periods this 
item was presented as part of cash flows from financing activities. The Group re-presented the comparative periods accordingly by 
reclassifying €5.9 million in 2022 and €5.0 million in 2021 from 'Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities' to 'Net cash provided 
by/(used in) investing activities'.
Net Cash Generated by Operating Activities
Net cash generated by operating activities increased by €
+209.6 million, to €+826.1 million for the year ended 31 
December 2023, compared to €+616.5 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. This was mainly attributable to:
■ The effect of an increase in profit before tax of €
+84.9 million, an increase of €+90.6 million from less 
income taxes paid and an increase of €+88.1 million 
from changes in working capital, mostly driven by 
the outstanding positions in power sales and power 
purchases of Nord Pool at end of 2023 and CCP 
activities at Euronext Clearing.
■ These impacts were partly offset by an adjusting 
effect of €-53.0 million related to gains on sale of 
associates LCH SA and Tokeny.
Net cash generated by operating activities increased by €
+72.8 million, to €+616.5 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022, compared to €+543.7 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. This was mainly attributable to:
■ The effect of an increase in profit before tax of €
+33.5 million, an increase adjusting effects for 
depreciation and amortisation of €+25.6 million 
related to the acquired intangible assets of Borsa 
Italiana Group, an increase of €+16.4 million from 
changes in working capital, primarily attributable to 
the outstanding positions in power sales and power 
purchases of Nord Pool at end of 2022 and an 
increase of €+3.6 million from share based 
payments related to inclusion of Borsa Italiana 
Group in the perimeter.
■ These impacts were partly offset by €-1.4 million of 
impact related to share of profit from associates 
and joint ventures and €-5.0 million of impact from 
increased income taxes paid.
Net Cash provided by/(used in) Investing Activities
Net cash provided by investing activities increased by €
+278.0 million, to €+155.4 million for the year ended 31 
December 2023, compared to €-122.6 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022. This was mainly attributable to:
■ €+63.5 million of increasing impact, as the 
comparative period included the acquisitions of the 
technology businesses from Nexi's capital markets 
activities and the acquisition of Spafid's business.
■ €+122.4 million of increasing impact related to the 
proceeds from the sale of the investments in LCH SA 
and Tokeny.
7 Operating and Financial Review
218


Page 221:
■ €+70.9 million of net impact from purchases and 
redemptions of short-term deposits and debt 
investments.
■ €+19.4 million of increasing impact from interest 
received, given the increased interest rates in 2023.
Net cash used in investing activities decreased by €-4.087.9 
million, to €-122.6 million for the year ended 31 December 
2022, compared to €-4,210.5 million for the year ended 31 
December 2021. This was mainly attributable to:
■ €-4,130 million of decreasing impact from 
acquisitions of subsidiaries, related to the 
acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group in 2021, 
offsetting the acquisitions of the technology 
businesses from Nexi's capital markets activities 
and the acquisition of the General Meetings, 
Designated Representative, and Shareholder’s 
Registers activities of Spafid
■ €+31.9 million of increasing impact from increased 
capital expenditures.
■ €+15.9 million of increasing impact related to a 
decrease in dividends received from equity 
investment.
Net Cash (used in)/provided by Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities decreased by €-237.3 
million, to €-519.7 million for the year ended 31 December 
2023, compared to €-282.4 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022. This was mainly attributable to:
■ €-219.1 million of decreasing impact from 
transactions in own shares, almost fully attributable 
to the share buy back programmes executed in 
2023.
■ €-31.2 million of decreasing impact of increased 
dividends paid to the shareholders of the Company, 
following higher net profit in 2022 versus 2021.
Net cash provided by financing activities decreased by 
€4,116.5 million, to €-282.4 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022, compared to €+3,834.1 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. This was mainly attributable to:
■ €-5,471.7 million of decreasing impact from draw 
down of bridge loan facility for €3,690.0m and bond 
issuance for €1,781.7 during the comparative period.
■ €+3,762.9 million increasing impact from repayment 
of bridge loan for €-3,690.0m and repayment of loan 
in Borsa Italiana Group with LSEG for €-72.9m during 
the comparative period.
■ €-13.5 million decreasing impact from increased 
interest payments, following the increased loan 
portfolio after the Bond Issue in May 2021.
■ €-2,375.2 million decreasing impact from issuance 
of new shares during the comparative period.
■ €-31.8 million of decreasing impact from 
transactions in own shares, due to the share buy 
back performed in the comparative period.
■ €-48.8 million of decreasing impact of increased 
dividends paid to the shareholders of the Company, 
following higher net profit in 2021 versus 2020.
7.1.11 Facilities Agreements and Bonds
Loan facilities
On 12 April 2017, the Group entered into a new revolving loan 
facility agreement (“the Facility”) amounting to €250 million, 
with BNP Paribas and ABN AMRO BANK N.V. as Lead 
Arrangers. This new Facility has replaced the revolving credit 
facility of €390 million.
On 18 July 2017, the Group entered into a syndicated bank loan 
facility (“the Bank Loan”) with BNP Paribas and ABN AMRO 
BANK N.V. as Lead Arrangers, providing for €175 million. The 
Bank Loan has been drawn in the amount of €165 million on 9 
August 2017 in order to (i) fund the acquisition of 89.8% of the 
shares and voting rights in FastMatch Inc and (ii) refinance the 
acquisition of 60% of the shares and voting rights in iBabs 
B.V. previously financed through the Facility. The Bank Loan 
and Facility are together referred to as Instruments. As per 31 
December 2017 a non-current borrowing of €165.0 million was 
recognised related to the Bank Loan.
On 8 April 2019, the Group signed a supplemental agreement 
with nine banks to amend the €250 million Facility originally 
dated 12 April 2017. This new agreement enabled the Group to 
increase the Facility to €400.0 million and set a new maturity 
of 5 years plus a two-year extension possibility. 
The revolving credit facility agreement allowed the Group to 
apply all amounts borrowed by it towards (i) general corporate 
and/or working capital purposes of the Group, (ii) satisfaction 
of the consideration payable for an acquisition and/or (iii) the 
payment of fees, costs and expense incurred in relation to an 
acquisition. The revolving credit facility bore an interest rate 
of EURIBOR plus a margin initially set at 0.25%, which 
increased to 0.30% on 31 May 2019, based on the “A-“ rating. It 
should be noted that as at 31 December 2020, no advances 
had been drawn under the revolving credit facility. During the 
year, the Group had temporarily drawn €45.0 million which it 
used for repayment of the bond loan, which was included in 
the acquisition of Oslo Børs VPS. The Group repaid this €45.0 
million at the end of 2019.
Euronext was required to maintain compliance with a 
maximum leverage ratio if the credit rating would drop below 
BBB+. The maximum leverage ratio measures Euronext total 
gross debt to EBITDA 13 (as such terms are defined in the 
Facilities Agreement). Euronext was required to maintain a 
leverage ratio of no more than 3.5x.
On 26 April 2021, the Group requested the irrevocable 
cancellation of the total commitments under the €400.0 
million Facility which gave rise to the termination of the 
revolving credit facility agreement.
On 6 November 2020, the Group entered into a new revolving 
credit facility agreement with a group of 12 banks for the 
amount of €600.0 million conditional to the closing of the 
acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group, that allows the Group 
to apply all amounts borrowed by it towards (i) general 
corporate and/or working capital purposes of the Group, (ii) 
satisfaction of the consideration payable for an acquisition 
and/or (iii) the payment of fees, costs and expense incurred in 
relation to an acquisition. This new revolving credit facility 
has a maturity of 5 years plus a two-year extension possibility 
and bears an interest rate of EURIBOR plus a margin 
dependent on rating. Following the closing of the Borsa 
Italiana acquisition this revolving credit facility replaced the 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 219
13 EBITDA as defined in the Facilities Agreement

Page 222:
former facility signed on 8 April 2019. In October 2021 the first 
one year extension was requested and received from all banks 
party to the revolving credit facility agreement. In October 
2022 the Group requested the second one year extension, 
which was accepted by all banks party to the revolving credit 
facility agreement. The revolving facility has not been and is 
not drawn as per 31 December 2023.
In case of a downgrading event of Euronext, below BBB- or 
equivalent by rating agencies, Euronext shall ensure that the 
leverage ratio as defined in the revolving credit facility 
agreement would not be greater than 4x.
Term, Repayment and Cancellation
The Facility had an initial maturity of 5 years plus a two-year 
extension possibility. Euronext has the possibility to 
voluntarily cancel the Facility in whole or part or prepay 
amounts drawn.
Interest Rates and Fees
The Facility has borne an interest rate of EURIBOR plus a 
margin initially set at 0.55%, based on the initial rating of BBB 
by S&P. It should be noted that as at 31 December 2021, there 
was no outstanding advance drawn under the Facility. 
EURIBOR is floored at 0%.
An extension fee of (i) 0.05% of the full amount is payable if 
Euronext requests that the initial maturity date be extended 
to the first relevant anniversary date or, (ii) 0.10% of the full 
amount of the relevant Instrument is payable if Euronext 
requests that the initial maturity date be extended to the 
second relevant anniversary date.
A utilisation fee accrues on a daily basis at the following 
applicable rate per annum to be applied on the amount drawn:
▪ if less than 33.33% of the total commitment under 
the Facility has been drawn at the relevant date, 
0.10%;
▪ if 33.33% or more (but less than 66.67%) of the total 
commitment under the Facility has been drawn at 
the relevant date, 0.20%; or
▪ if 66.67% or more of the total commitment under the 
Facility has been drawn at the relevant date, 0.40%.
Euronext must also pay customary commitment fees at a rate 
per annum equal to 35% of the then applicable margin for the 
relevant Instrument on each lender’s available commitment 
under the relevant Instrument during its availability period.
Certain Covenants and Undertakings
The Facility contains a number of additional undertakings and 
covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to 
certain exceptions, Euronext ability to:
▪ grant security interests over their assets;
▪ sell, transfer or dispose of certain assets;
▪ make certain loans or grant certain credit;
▪ enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger or 
corporate reconstruction, unless the Company 
remains the surviving entity;
▪ make any substantial change to the general nature 
of Euronext business.
Euronext is permitted, among other things, to dispose of 
assets in the ordinary course of trading on arm’s length terms 
for full market value without restriction, and otherwise where 
the aggregate fair value of the assets disposed of does not 
exceed 5% of Euronext consolidated total assets in any 
financial year.
In case of a downgrading event of Euronext, below BBB- or 
equivalent by rating agencies, Euronext shall ensure that the 
leverage ratio (Net debt/EBITDA) as defined in the Revolving 
Facility Agreement would not be greater than 4x.
Whereby EBITDA means the consolidated operating profit of 
the Group, before taking into account:
1. Interest Expense
2. Tax
3. any share of the profit f any associated company or 
undertaking, except for dividends received in cash 
by any member of the Group; and
4. extraordinary and exceptional items; and
after adding back all amounts provided for depreciation and 
amortisation to the extent deducted for the purposes of 
determining consolidated profit of the Group before taxation, 
as determined from the financial statements of the Group.
Whereby Total Net Debt means the total gross debt less Cash 
and Cash Equivalent with respect to the Group on a 
consolidated basis.
Events of Default
The Facility contains customary events of default, in each 
case with customary and appropriate grace periods and 
thresholds, including, but not limited to:
▪ non-payment of principal or interest;
▪ violation of financial covenants or other obligations;
▪ representations or statements being materially 
incorrect or misleading;
▪ cross-default and cross-acceleration relating to 
indebtedness of at least €50.0 million;
▪ certain liquidation, insolvency, winding-up or 
bankruptcy events;
▪ creditors’ process and attachment having an 
aggregate value of more than €25.0 million;
▪ invalidity and unlawfulness;
▪ cessation of business;
▪ loss of any licence required to carry on the 
Company’s or any material subsidiary’s business; and
▪ repudiation by the Company of a finance document.
Bridge Loan Facility 
On 7 October 2020, Euronext entered into a €4.4 billion bridge 
loan facility agreement with a group of banks to pre-finance 
the acquisition of London Stock Exchange Group Holdings 
Italia S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana Group). The initial maturity date of 
this facility is 11 September 2021, which may be extended at 
the option of the issuer for two additional periods of six 
months each. The bridge loan facility bears an interest rate of 
EURIBOR plus an initial margin of 0.45%, that increases as the 
closing date of the acquisition moves further in time.
On 23 April 2021, Euronext sent a utilisation request, to draw 
€3,690 million on the Bridge Loan Facility, as per 28 April 2021 
7 Operating and Financial Review
220


Page 223:
to partially fund the purchase price of the Borsa Italiana Group 
due on 29 April 2021. As per 23 April 2021, Euronext sent a 
voluntary cancellation request based on the Bridge Facility 
Agreement to cancel the remaining €710 Million.
In case of a downgrading event of Euronext, below BBB- or 
equivalent by rating agencies, Euronext shall ensure that the 
leverage ratio as defined in the Bridge Loan Facility 
Agreement would not be greater than 4x.
On 10 May 2021, Euronext sent a request for partial irrevocable 
voluntary repayment, for the amount of €1.820 million as per 
14 May 2021. On 11 May 2021, Euronext sent a request for 
partial irrevocable voluntary repayment, for the amount of 
€1.790 million as per 17 May 2021. These partial repayments of 
the Bridge Loan Facility were funded from the proceeds of 
the rights issue and bond issues. As per 29 November 2021 
the Bridge Loan Facility was fully repaid.
Bonds
On 18 April 2018, the Group issued a €500 million Bond (“Senior 
Unsecured Note  #1”) to refinance its 2017 and 2018 
acquisitions and diversify its financing mix. The Bond has a 
seven year maturity, with an annual coupon of 1%. On 18 April 
2018 the Bond, rated “A” by Standard & Poor’s rating agency, 
was listed on Euronext Dublin. The Bond issue included €2.9 
million of Bond discount and €0.5 million of issue costs, which 
are subsequently accounted for under the Effective Interest 
Rate method. Following receipt of the proceeds of the issued 
Bond, the Group repaid the €165.0 million Bank Loan.
On 4 June 2019, the Group issued a €500 million Bond (‘Senior 
Unsecured Note #2’) to (i) pre-finance the outstanding shares 
of Oslo Børs VPS Holding ASA not already owned by the Group 
and (ii) for general corporate purposes in line with the Group’s 
strategy. The Bond has a ten year maturity, with an annual 
coupon of 1.125%. On 12 June 2019 the Bond, rated “A-” by S&P 
Global Ratings Limited, was listed on Euronext Dublin. The 
Bond issue included €6.1 million of Bond discount and issue 
costs, which are subsequently accounted for under the 
Effective Interest Rate method.
On 22 June 2020, the Group successfully priced a tap offering 
of €250 million on its outstanding Senior Unsecured Note #2, 
rated A- by Standard & Poor’s rating agency, which is listed on 
Euronext Dublin. Settlement of this tap offering was made on 
29 June 2020. This tap offering will mature in June 2029. This 
increases the total principal amount bearing interest at an 
annual rate of 1.125% to €750 million. The proceeds of the 
issue were used to (i) finance the acquisition of the 
outstanding shares of VP Securities AS and (ii) for general 
corporate purposes in line with the Group’s strategy. The 
Bond issue included €5.7 million of Bond premium and issue 
costs, which are subsequently accounted for under the 
Effective Interest Rate method.
On 17 May 2021, the Group issued €1.800 million 3 equal 
tranches bond ("Senior Unsecured Note #3, #4 and #5") to 
partially refinance the Bridge Loan Facility entered into to 
initially finance the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition. The Bond 
#3 has a 5 year maturity and a fixed annual rate coupon of 
0.125%. The Bond #4 has a 10 year maturity and a fixed annual 
rate coupon of 0.75%.The Bond #3 has a 20 year maturity and 
a fixed annual rate coupon of 1.50%. The Bonds are rated BBB 
by Standard & Poor’s rating agency, and are listed on Euronext 
Dublin. The bond issue included €18.6 million of bond 
premium and issue costs, which are subsequently accounted 
for under the Effective Interest Rate method.
CCP credit lines
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s CCP had €440 million 
(2022 and 2021: €420 million) credit lines granted by 
commercial banks serving as liquid recourse to mitigate 
liquidity risks according to EMIR regulation. None of the credit 
lines had been used as of 31 December 2023.
7.1.12 Contractual Obligations
The table below summarises Euronext debt, future minimum payment lease obligations under non-cancellable leases and capital 
expenditure commitments as at 31 December 2023:
In thousands of euros
Payments due by year
Total 2024 2025-2028 Thereafter
Notes of the consolidated 
financial statements
Debt (principal and accrued interest obligations)  3,067,286  17,286  1,100,000  1,950,000 Note 37.1 - Liquidity risk
Debt (future interest obligations)  243,590  10,402  94,250  138,938 Note 37.1 - Liquidity risk
Lease liabilities – minimum payments  66,600  22,865  30,666  13,069 Note 37.1 - Liquidity risk
Capital expenditure commitments  6,264  3,814  2,450  — Note 39.1 – Capital 
Commitments
TOTAL  3,310,949  27,715  1,194,283  2,088,951 
Capital Expenditures
Euronext’s capital expenditures were €103.0 million, €99.5 
million and €67.6 million for the years ended 31 December 
2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
Capital expenditures increased in 2023 when compared to 
2022 and 2021, which is driven by the capitalisation of 
software development costs primarily linked to: (i) the 
migration of Borsa Italiana Group to Euronext's trading 
platform Optiq ®, (ii) the expansion of clearing activities to all 
Euronext markets by Euronext Clearing, (iii) the pan-
Europeanisation of Euronext CSDs, and (iv) several digital 
ambition projects within the Group.
An additional driver for the increase in Capital expenditures in 
2022 when compared to 2021 was the inclusion of the full year 
impact of capitalised expenses at Borsa Italiana Group.
Euronext’s capital expenditure requirements depend on many 
factors, including the rate of its trading volume growth, 
strategic plans and acquisitions, required technology 
initiatives, regulatory requirements, the timing and 
introduction of new products and enhancements to existing 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 221

Page 224:
products, the geographic mix of Euronext’s business, and the 
continuing market acceptance of its electronic platform.
For the years ending 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, 
Euronext has made operational capital expenditures as well 
as incurred capitalised software development costs. These 
expenditures were aimed at enhancing Euronext technology 
and supporting the continued expansion of Euronext’s 
businesses. In 2022, Euronext spent €27.7 million on 
hardware and investments in properties (2022: €31.9 million 
and 2021: €33.4 million) and €75.3 million on development 
efforts and acquisition of third party licenses (2022: €67.7 
million and 2021: €34.2 million).
7.1.13 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
Euronext is not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements 
that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future 
material effect on Euronext’s financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity, capital expenditure or capital resources, 
other than the €600 million revolving credit facility under the 
Facilities Agreement and the commitments described in 
Note 39 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
7.1.14  Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosures about Market Risk
As a result of its operating and financing activities, the Group 
is exposed to market risks such as interest rate risk, currency 
risk and credit risk. The Group has implemented policies and 
procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor and 
report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the 
appropriate management and supervisory bodies. The Group’s 
central treasury team is charged with identifying risk 
exposures and monitoring and managing such risks on a daily 
basis. To the extent necessary and permitted by local 
regulation, the Group’s subsidiaries centralise their cash 
investments, report their risks and hedge their exposures in 
coordination with the Group’s central treasury team. The 
Group performs sensitivity analyses to determine the effects 
that may result from market risk exposures. The Group uses 
derivative instruments solely to hedge financial risks related 
to its financial position or risks that are otherwise incurred in 
the normal course of its commercial activities. The Group 
does not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 
Interest Rate Risk
Substantially all interest-bearing financial assets and 
liabilities of the Group are either based on floating rates or 
based on fixed rates with an interest term of less than one 
year, except for the fixed rated Bonds #1 to #5 with an 
aggregated notional amount of €3,050 million, which have 
maturities between 5 and 20 years. The Group entered into 
interest rate swap contracts in order to hedge the interest 
rate risk inherent to the fixed rate Bond #1. As a result, the 
Group was exposed to fair value risk affecting fixed-rate 
financial assets and liabilities through its remaining fixed rate 
Bonds #2 to #5. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had an 
aggregated notional of €500 million fixed-to-floating interest 
rate swaps outstanding in relation to the fair value hedge of 
the €500 million Bond #1.
On 3 May 2022, the Group terminated its fixed-to-floating 
interest rate swap agreements in relation to the fair value 
hedge of the €500 million Bond #1. On termination, the Group 
cash-settled the swap agreements and the hedge relationship 
was discontinued. Consequently, the Group had no remaining 
interest rate swaps outstanding as per 31 December 2022. As 
from the moment of discontinuation of the fair value hedge, 
the accumulated fair value adjustments of Bond #1 are 
amortised to profit or loss based on a recalculated Effective 
Interest Rate over the remaining term of Bond #1.
The Group is exposed to cash-flow risk arising from net 
floating-rate positions. 
The Group was a net borrower in Euros exposed to fixed 
interest rates and a net lender in Euros exposed to floating 
rates at 31 December 2023 and 2022. Therefore, the 
sensitivity of net interest income to a parallel shift in the 
interest curves is that a 0.5% increase/decrease of the rate 
would have resulted in an increase/decrease of net interest 
income of €2.2 million based on the positions at 31 December 
2023 (2022: €3.1 million).
The Group was a net lender in Pound Sterling at 31 December 
2023 and 2022. The sensitivity of net interest income to a 
parallel shift in the interest curves is that a 0.5% increase/
decrease of the rate would have resulted in an increase/
decrease of net interest income of €0.2 million based on the 
positions at 31 December 2023 (2022: €0.2 million).
The Group was a net lender in US Dollar at 31 December 2023 
and 2022. The sensitivity of net interest income to a parallel 
shift in the interest curves is that a 0.5% increase/decrease 
of the rate would have resulted in an increase/decrease of net 
interest income of €0.1 million based on the positions at 31 
December 2023 (2022: €0.1 million).
The Group was a net lender in Norwegian Kroner at 31 
December 2023 and 2022. The sensitivity of net interest 
income to a parallel shift in the interest curves is that a 0.5% 
increase/decrease of the rate would have resulted in an 
increase/decrease of net interest income of €0.5 million 
based on the positions at 31 December 2023 (2022: €0.5 
million).
The fluctuation of the DKK against the EUR is set within the 
bandwidth +/-2.25% as an exchange rate mechanism 
established by the Denmark's National Bank. Therefore, 
currency risk sensitivity inherent to the Group exposure to 
that currency is deemed to be irrelevant.
Interest rate risk - CCP clearing business
The Group’s CCP faces interest rate exposure through the 
impact of changes in the reference rates used to calculate 
member liabilities versus the yields achieved through their 
predominantly secured investment activities. 
In the Group’s CCP, interest bearing assets are generally 
invested in secured instruments or structures and for a longer 
term than interest bearing liabilities, whose interest rate is 
reset daily. This makes investment revenue vulnerable to 
volatility in overnight rates and shifts in spreads between 
overnight and term rates. On daily basis the interest rate risk 
associated to investments is monitored via capital 
requirements.
The Group's CCP has an investment policy, mitigating market 
risks. The Group's CCP investments generally have an average 
duration of less than one year and are held until maturity. 
Losses will not materialise unless the investment portfolio is 
liquidated before maturity or in an event of portfolio 
rebalancing before maturity. In case of a forced liquidation of 
the CCP's financial investment portfolio before maturity to 
provide necessary liquidity, the CCP may face higher interest 
rate exposure on its financial investment portfolio. The 
interest rate exposure of the investment portfolio is 
predominantly at fixed rates (only a negligible part is at 
7 Operating and Financial Review
222


Page 225:
floating rates) at the amounts and maturities as disclosed in 
7.1.14 - Liquidity Risk CCP clearing business. 
As per 31 December 2023, an increase/decrease of the rate by 
100 basis points would have an increasing/decreasing impact 
on the investment portfolio market value of €0.5 million or 
0.20% (2022: €3.8 million or 0.20%).
Liquidity Risk
The Group would be exposed to a liquidity risk in the case 
where its short-term liabilities become, at any date, higher 
than its cash, cash equivalents, short-term financial 
investments and available bank facilities and in the case 
where the Group is not able to refinance this liquidity deficit, 
for example, through new banking lines.
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term financial investments 
are managed as a global treasury portfolio invested in non-
speculative financial instruments, readily convertible to cash, 
such as bank balances, money market funds, overnight 
deposits, term deposits and other money market 
instruments, thus ensuring a very high liquidity of the 
financial assets. The Group’s policy is to ensure that cash, 
cash equivalents and available bank facilities allow the Group 
to repay its financial liabilities at all maturities, even 
disregarding incoming cash flows generated by operational 
activities, excluding the related party loans granted by the 
Group’s subsidiaries to its Parent.
The net position of current financial assets, financial 
liabilities and available credit facilities, excluding working 
capital items, as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 is described 
in the table below:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Cash, cash equivalents and short term investments  1,551,841  1,163,822 
Available revolving credit facility (RCF)  600,000  600,000 
Financial debt (long-term and short-term borrowings)  (3,048,915)  (3,044,531) 
NET POSITION  (897,074)  (1,280,709) 
The Group has a €600 million revolving credit facility (2022: 
€600 million) that can be used for general corporate or M&A 
purposes. As of 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any 
amounts drawn under the facility.
Liquidity risk - CCP clearing business
The Group’s CCP must maintain a level of liquidity (consistent 
with regulatory requirements) to ensure the smooth operation 
of its respective markets and to maintain operations in the 
event of a single or multiple market stress event or member 
failure. This includes the potential requirement to liquidate 
the position of a clearing member under a default scenario 
including covering the associated losses and the settlement 
obligations of the defaulting member. 
The Group’s CCP maintains sufficient cash and cash 
equivalents and has access to intraday central bank 
refinancing (collateralized with ECB eligible bonds) along with 
commercial bank credit lines to meet in a timely manner its 
payment obligations. 
Revised regulations requires the CCP to ensure that 
appropriate levels of back-up liquidity are in place to underpin 
the dynamics of a largely secured cash investment 
requirement, ensuring that the maximum potential outflow 
under extreme market conditions is covered (see credit risk 
section). The Group’s CCP monitors its liquidity needs daily 
under normal and stressed market conditions. Where 
possible, the Group employs guaranteed delivery versus 
payment settlement techniques and manages CCP margin 
and default fund flows through central bank or long-
established, bespoke commercial bank settlement 
mechanisms. Monies due from clearing members remain the 
clearing members’ liability if the payment agent is unable to 
effect the appropriate transfer. In addition, the Group's CCP 
maintains operational facilities with commercial banks to 
manage intraday and overnight liquidity (see section 7.1.11 - 
Facilities Agreements and Bonds). 
In line with the investment policy and the regulatory 
requirements, the Group’s CCP has deposited the default 
funds and margin mainly at the Central Bank of Italy as per 31 
December 2023. 
As per 31 December 2022 the default funds and margin were 
partially invested in Government bonds with an average 
maturity of less than 12 months. Even though these financial 
assets are generally held to maturity, a forced liquidation of 
the investment portfolio could lead to losses and lack of 
required liquidity.
In thousands of euros
Maturity < 1 
year
Maturity 
between 1 and 
2 years
Maturity 
between 2 and 
3 years Total
2023
Investment portfolio  116,286  —  —  116,286 
2022
Investment portfolio  1,753,811  —  —  1,753,811 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the 
Group’s financial liabilities as of 31 December 2023 and 2022, 
based on contractual undiscounted payments, including 
principal - and interest amounts, expected throughout the life 
of the obligations:
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 223

Page 226:
In thousands of euros
Maturity < 1 
year
Maturity 
between 1 and 
5 years
Maturity > 5 
years Total
2023
Trade and other payables  415,843  —  —  415,843 
Borrowings  27,688  1,194,250  2,088,938  3,310,876 
Lease liabilities  22,865  30,666  13,069  66,600 
CCP clearing member liabilities  183,832,245  —  —  183,832,245 
2022
Trade and other payables  396,287  —  —  396,287 
Borrowings  27,688  1,191,562  2,119,313  3,338,563 
Lease liabilities  28,786  20,208  2,163  51,157 
CCP clearing member liabilities  166,858,684  —  —  166,858,684 
Currency Risk
The Group’s net assets are exposed to the foreign currency 
risk arising from the translation of assets and liabilities of 
subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the Euro. 
The following table summarises the assets and liabilities 
recorded in GBP functional currency and the related impact of 
a 10% in/decrease in the currency exchange rate on balance 
sheet and profit or loss as of 31 December 2023 and 2022:
In thousands 2023 2022
Assets £ 89,586 £ 71,760 
Liabilities £ (11,759) £ (12,465) 
Net currency position £ 77,827 £ 59,295 
Net currency position after hedge £ 77,827 £ 59,295 
Absolute impact on equity of 10% in /decrease in the currency exchange rate € 8,977 € 6,697 
Absolute impact on profit or loss  of 10% in /decrease in the currency exchange rate Not  Material Not Material
The following table summarises the assets and liabilities recorded in USD functional currency and the related impact of a 10% in/
decrease in the currency exchange rate on balance sheet and profit or loss as of 31 December 2023 and 2022:
In thousands 2023 2022
Assets $ 198,636 $ 203,405 
Liabilities $ (8,502) $ (11,231) 
Net currency position $ 190,134 $ 192,174 
Absolute impact on equity of 10% in /decrease in the currency exchange rate € 17,224 € 17,952 
Absolute impact on profit or loss  of 10% in /decrease in the currency exchange rate € 520 € 921 
The following table summarises the assets and liabilities recorded in NOK functional currency and the related impact of a 10% in/
decrease in the currency exchange rate on balance sheet and profit or loss as of 31 December 2023 and 2022:
In thousands 2023 2022
Assets kr 11,094,389 kr 10,753,715 
Liabilities kr (2,527,631) kr (2,493,787) 
Net currency position kr 8,566,758 kr 8,259,928 
Absolute impact on equity of 10% in /decrease in the currency exchange rate € 76,326 € 78,670 
Absolute impact on profit or loss  of 10% in /decrease in the currency exchange rate € 1,469 € 1,780 
Most operating revenue and expenses in the various 
subsidiaries of the Group are denominated in the functional 
currency of each relevant subsidiary. The Group’s consolidated 
income statement is exposed to foreign currency risk arising 
from receivables and payables denominated in currencies 
different from the functional currency of the related entity.
Credit Risk
The Group is exposed to credit risk in the event of a 
counterparty’s default. The Group is exposed to credit risk 
from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables), from 
its financing activities and from the investment of its cash and 
cash equivalents and short-term financial investments. The 
Group limits its exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting 
the counterparties with which it executes agreements. Most 
7 Operating and Financial Review
224


Page 227:
customers of the Group are leading financial institutions that 
are highly rated. Investments of cash and cash equivalents in 
bank current accounts and money market instruments, such 
as short-term fixed and floating rate interest deposits, are 
governed by rules aimed at reducing credit risk: maturity of 
deposits strictly depends on credit ratings, counterparties’ 
credit ratings are permanently monitored and individual 
counterparty limits are reviewed on a regular basis. In addition 
to the intrinsic creditworthiness of counterparties, the Group’s 
policies also prescribe the diversification of counterparties 
(banks, financial institutions, funds) so as to avoid a 
concentration of risk. Derivatives are negotiated with leading 
high-grade banks.
The Group’s trade and contract receivables, and other debt 
financial assets at amortised cost and FVOCI are exposed to 
credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the 
reporting date is the carrying value of each class of these 
financial assets. The Group evaluates the concentration of 
credit risk with respect to trade and contract receivables as 
low, as most of its customers are leading financial institutions 
that are highly rated. The other debt financial assets 
comprises i) debt investments at amortised cost, which 
include short-term deposits with a maturity over three months 
and ii) debt investments at FVOCI, which include investments 
in listed bonds and government bonds. All of the entity’s other 
debt financial assets at amortised cost and FVOCI are 
considered to have low credit risk, as the issuers of the 
instruments have a low risk of default evidenced by their 
strong capacity to meet their contractual cash flow obligations 
in the near term. 
Credit risk - CCP clearing business
In its role as CCP clearer to financial market participants, the 
Group’s CCP guarantees final settlement of transactions acting 
as buyer towards each seller and as seller towards each buyer. 
It manages substantial credit risks as part of its operations 
including unmatched risk positions that might arise from the 
default of a party to a cleared transaction. 
Clearing membership selection is based upon supervisory 
capital, technical and organisational criteria. Each member 
must pay margins, computed and collected at least daily, to 
cover the exposures and theoretical costs which the CCP 
might incur in order to close out open positions in the event of 
the member’s default. Margins are calculated using established 
and internationally acknowledged risk models and are debited 
from participants’ accounts through central bank accounts and 
via commercial bank payment systems. Minimum levels of 
cash collateral are required. Non-cash collateral is revalued 
daily but the members retain title of the asset and the Group 
only has a claim on these assets in the event of a default by the 
member. 
Clearing members also contribute to default funds managed by 
the CCP to guarantee the integrity of the markets in the event 
of multiple defaults in extreme market circumstances. 
Amounts are determined on the basis of the results of periodic 
stress testing examined by the risk committees of the CCP. 
Furthermore, the Group’s CCP reinforces its capital position to 
meet the most stringent relevant regulatory requirements 
applicable to it, including holding a minimum amount of 
dedicated own resources to further underpin the protective 
credit risk framework in the event of a significant market 
stress event or participant failure. 
An analysis of the aggregate clearing member contributions of 
margin and default funds across the CCP is shown below:
In thousands of euros 31 December 
2023
31 December 
2022
Total collateral pledged
Margin received in cash  15,381,233  17,777,769 
Margin received by title transfer  987,595  625,779 
Default fund total  5,154,917  5,909,844 
Total on balance sheet 
collateral (a)  21,523,745  24,313,392 
Total member collateral 
pledged  21,523,745  24,313,392 
(a) The counterbalance of the total on balance sheet collateral is 
included in the line 'other payables to clearing members' in the table at 
Note 35.1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements as included in 
section 8. 
Investment counterparty risk for CCP margin and default funds 
is managed by investing the cash element in instruments or 
structures deemed ‘secure’, including through direct 
investments in highly rated, ‘regulatory qualifying’ sovereign 
bonds and supra-national debt, investments in tri-party and 
bilateral reverse repos (receiving high-quality government 
securities as collateral) in certain jurisdictions and deposits 
with the central bank. The small proportion of cash that is 
invested unsecured is placed for short durations with highly 
rated counterparties where strict limits are applied with 
respect to credit quality, concentration and tenor.
In thousands of euros
31 December 
2023
31 December 
2022
Investment portfolio  116,286  1,753,811 
CCP other financial assets (a)  116,286  1,753,811 
Clearing member cash 
equivalents - short term 
deposits
 10,084  10,011 
Clearing member cash  - 
central bank deposits  15,983,047  13,601,918 
Clearing member cash  - other 
banks  2,001  1,800 
Total clearing member cash 
(b)  15,995,132  13,613,729 
(a)  The CCP other financial assets are included in the line 'Debt 
instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income' in 
the table at Note 35.1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements as 
included in section 8.
(b)  The total clearing member cash is included in the line 'Cash and 
cash equivalents of clearing members'' in the table at Note 35.1 of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements as included in section 8. 
Distress can result from the risk that certain governments may 
be unable or find it difficult to service their debts. This could 
have adverse effects, particularly on the Group’s CCP, 
potentially impacting cleared products, margin collateral, 
investments, the clearing membership and the financial 
industry as a whole. 
Specific risk frameworks manage country risk for both fixed 
income clearing and margin collateral and all clearing 
members’ portfolios are monitored regularly against a suite of 
sovereign stress scenarios. Investment limits and 
counterparty and clearing membership monitoring are 
sensitive to changes in ratings and other financial market 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 225

Page 228:
indicators, to ensure the Group’s CCP is able to measure, 
monitor and mitigate exposures to sovereign risk and respond 
quickly to anticipated changes. Risk Committees maintain an 
ongoing watch over these risks and the associated policy 
frameworks to protect the Group against potentially severe 
volatility in the sovereign debt markets. The Group’s sovereign 
exposures at the end of the financial reporting period were:
In thousands of euros 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Sovereign investments
Italy  14,899  392,962 
Spain  25,889  609,319 
EU Central (a)  —  144,737 
Portugal  —  389,740 
France  29,915  166,099 
Germany  26,810  14,950 
Ireland  —  — 
Netherlands  —  16,112 
Belgium  28,857  29,903 
Total for all countries (b)  126,370  1,763,822 
(a) 'EU Central' consists of supra-national debt.
(b) The total sovereign investments include the investment portfolio of CCP clearing business assets as disclosed in the line 'Debt instruments at fair 
value through other comprehensive income' in the table at Note 35.1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements as included in section 8.
7.1.15 Significant Accounting Policies
Euronext Consolidated Financial Statements included in this 
Universal Registration Document have been prepared and 
presented in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS), issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and adopted by the 
European Union. See also Note  3 of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, on ‘Significant accounting policies and 
judgements’.
7.1.16 Critical Accounting Estimates and 
Judgments
In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, 
management is required to make judgments, estimates and 
assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
The estimates and associated assumptions are based on 
historical experience and other factors that are considered to 
be relevant. All assumptions, expectations and forecasts used 
as a basis for certain estimates within Euronext Financial 
Statements represent good faith assessments of its future 
performance for which Euronext management believes there 
is a reasonable basis. These estimates and assumptions 
represent Euronext’s view at the times they are made, and 
only then. They involve risks, uncertainties and other factors 
that could cause Euronext actual future results, performance 
and achievements to differ materially from those estimated 
or forecasted. The estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate 
is revised if the revision affects only that period or in the 
period of the revision and future periods if the revision 
affects both current and future periods. The estimates and 
assumptions that may have a risk of causing a material 
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year are described below. Euronext 
has discussed the development and selection of these critical 
accounting policies and estimates with its independent 
auditors.
Significant judgments made in the preparation of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements include the following:
Impairment of Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration 
transferred in a business combination over the Group’s share 
in the fair value of the net identifiable assets and liabilities of 
the acquired business at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is 
not amortised but is tested at least annually for impairment, 
or whenever an event or change in circumstances indicate a 
potential impairment.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill arising in a 
business combination is allocated to the cash-generating 
units (CGUs) or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit 
from the synergies of the combination. Each CGU or CGU 
Group to which goodwill is allocated represents the lowest 
level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for 
internal management purposes.
The carrying value of a CGU Group is compared to its 
recoverable amount, which is the higher of its value in use and 
its fair value less costs of disposal. Impairment losses on 
goodwill are not subsequently reversed. Value in use is 
derived from the discounted future free cash flows 14 of the 
CGU Group. Fair value less costs of disposal is based on 
discounted cash flows and market multiples applied to 
forecasted earnings. Cash flow projections are based on 
budget and business plan approved by management and 
covering a 2-year period in total. Cash flows beyond the 
business plan period are extrapolated using a perpetual 
growth rate. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment 
test are described in Note  18 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Income Taxes
Due to the inherent complexities arising from the nature of 
the Group’s business, from conducting business and being 
taxed in a substantial number of jurisdictions, significant 
judgments and estimates are required to be made for income 
taxes. The Group computes income tax expense for each of 
7 Operating and Financial Review
226
14 As defined in section 5.2 - Other Financial information

Page 229:
the jurisdictions in which it operates. However, actual 
amounts of income tax due only become final upon filing and 
acceptance of the tax return by relevant authorities, which 
may not occur for several years subsequent to issuance of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
The estimation of income taxes also includes evaluating the 
recoverability of deferred income tax assets based on an 
assessment of the ability to use the underlying future tax 
deductions against future taxable income before they expire. 
This assessment is based upon existing tax laws and 
estimates of future taxable income. To the extent estimates 
differ from the final tax return, earnings may be affected in a 
subsequent period.
The Group operates in various countries with local tax 
regulations. New tax legislation being issued in certain 
territories as well as transactions that the Group enters into 
regularly result in potential tax exposures. The calculation of 
Euronext’s tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the 
application of complex tax laws. Euronext’s estimate for the 
potential outcome of any uncertain tax position is highly 
judgmental. However, Euronext believes that it has 
adequately provided for uncertain tax positions. Settlement 
of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with 
Euronext’s expectations could have a material impact on its 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The 
Group recognises a liability for uncertain tax positions when it 
is not probable that a taxation authority will accept an 
uncertain tax treatment.
Fair Value of Equity Investments
The Group holds investments in unlisted equity securities 
which are carried at fair value in the balance sheet. The 
valuation methodology and critical assumptions are 
described in Note  20 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Classification of investments in associates
The Group classified the interest in LCH SA as an investment 
in associate suggesting significant influence even though it 
owned less than 20% of the voting rights (see Note 7 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements). The Group concluded it 
has significant influence over this investment, which is 
derived from the governance structure that was put in place 
and the Group’s position as the largest customer and sole 
minority shareholder of LCH SA.
Contingent consideration and buy options resulting from 
business combinations
The Group may structure its business combinations in a way 
that leads to recognition of contingent consideration to 
selling shareholders and/or buy options for equity held by 
non-controlling interests. Contingent consideration and buy 
options are recognised at fair value on acquisition date. When 
the contingent consideration or buy option meets the 
definition of a financial liability or financial instrument, it is 
subsequently re-measured to fair value at each reporting 
date. The determination of fair value is based on the expected 
level of EBITDA -as defined in the Share Purchase 
Agreements of the acquired companies involved- over the 
last 12 months that precede the contractual date (in case of 
contingent consideration) or exercise date of the underlying 
call- and put options (in case of buy option). The Group 
monitors the expected EBITDA -as defined in the Share 
Purchase Agreements of the acquired companies involved- 
based on updated forecast information from the acquired 
companies involved.
Purchase price allocation
The cost of other intangible assets that are acquired in the 
course of business combinations, corresponds to their 
acquisition date fair values. Depending on the nature of the 
intangible asset, fair value is determined by application of:
▪ market approach (by reference to comparable 
transactions);
▪ income approach (Relief-from-Royalty- or Multi-
period Excess Earnings Method;
▪ cost approach.
Assets with a finite useful life are amortised using the 
straight-line method over their expected useful life. Assets 
with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment at least 
once a year.
Revenue from contracts with customers
The Group applied the following judgments that significantly 
affect the determination of the amount and timing of revenue 
from contracts with customers:
(i) Identifying performance obligations and determining 
the  timing of revenue recognition of Listing admission 
fees
The Group provides services related to the initial (and 
subsequent) listing of securities on its markets and hereto 
directly related corporate action services, and ongoing 
services related to the continuous listing. 
The Group determined that the admission services around 
initial (and subsequent) admission and its directly related 
corporate action services do not transfer a good or service to 
the customer, but are considered activities that the Group 
needs to undertake to enable the customer to be listed. The 
Group concluded that these activities should be combined 
with the ongoing listing services and should be used as inputs 
to produce the combined output, which is the service of being 
listed. As the service of being listed is satisfied over a period 
of time, as the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes the benefits from the service, the related revenues 
are therefore recognised over a period of time. 
The Group determined that the period of time that best 
reflects the satisfaction of listing admission services is the 
period over which the customer actually benefits from the 
admission. An average lifetime of companies being listed on 
Euronext markets would serve as best proxy for the period 
that a listing customer benefits from an admission. Specific 
local market characteristics can result and would justify 
differences in amortisation terms. Based on historic 
evidence, the Group has defined the following average 
lifetimes for the relevant groupings of listed securities:
▪ Equity admissions: 5-12 years
▪ Bond- and fund admissions: 3 years
▪ Equity subsequent admissions (follow-on’s): 3 years
Revenue from the listing admission services is therefore 
recognised over those periods of time.
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 227

Page 230:
(ii) Cost to obtain or fulfil a contract related to listing 
admission services 
The Group has considered the type of cost that is directly 
associated to a listing contract and that can be separately 
identifiable. Such cost would typically concern staff cost 
incurred by the Listings team involved in admission- and 
subsequent listing of an issuer. There is no correlation 
between number of listings and staff cost associated to the 
Listings team. 
The majority of the cost to obtain and fulfil the contract is 
incurred in the period before the actual admission. The 
remaining cost associated to an admission and subsequent 
listing that is recorded post-admission, and its impact on the 
Group’s income statement, would be marginal, therefore the 
Group has decided not to capitalise cost incurred to obtain- or 
fulfil listing contracts.
(iii) Principal versus agent considerations
On 14 October 2013, the Group entered into a clearing 
agreement with LCH SA in respect of the clearing of trades on 
our continental Europe derivatives markets (the “Derivatives 
Clearing Agreement”). Under the terms of this Derivatives 
Clearing Agreement Euronext agreed with LCH SA to share 
revenues and receives clearing fee revenues based on the 
number of trades on these markets cleared through LCH SA. 
In exchange for that, we have agreed to pay LCH SA a fixed 
fee plus a variable fee based on revenues. 
The definition of the accounting treatment of this agreement 
requires significant management judgment for the valuation 
and weighting of the indicators leading the principal versus 
agent accounting analysis. Based on all facts and 
circumstances around this arrangement, management has 
concluded that Euronext is ‘principal’ in providing Derivatives 
clearing services to its trading members. Therefore Euronext 
recognises (i) the clearing fees received are classified as post 
trade revenues, and (ii) the fixed and variable fees paid to LCH 
SA as other operational expenses.
Provision for expected credit losses of trade and  contract 
receivables 
The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade 
and contract receivables. To measure expected credit losses, 
trade and contract receivables have been grouped based on 
shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The 
historical loss rates are based on the payment profiles of the 
sales over a period of 24 months before reporting date and 
the corresponding historical credit losses experience within 
this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect 
current and forward-looking factors specific to the debtors 
and economic environment. 
The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical 
observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to 
adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-
looking information. At every reporting date, the historical 
observed default rates are updated and changes in the 
forward-looking estimates are analysed.
The assessment of the correlation between historical 
observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and 
ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is 
sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast 
economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss 
experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not 
be representative of customer’s actual default in the future. 
The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade and 
contract receivables is disclosed in note 37.5 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this 
Registration Document.
Determining the lease term of contract with extension and 
termination options
In determining the lease term, management assesses the 
period for which the contract is enforceable. It considers all 
facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive 
to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination 
option. Extension options (or periods after termination 
options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is 
reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). If the 
Group concludes that the contract is enforceable beyond the 
notice period of a cancellable lease (or the initial period of a 
renewable lease), it then need to assess whether the Group is 
reasonably certain not to exercise the option to terminate the 
lease. However in general, the Group’s lease portfolio 
contains very limited leases that include renewal -or 
termination options.
Estimating the incremental borrowing rate (IBR)
The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit 
in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental borrowing rate 
(IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of 
interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a 
similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary 
to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset 
in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects 
what the Group ‘would have to pay’, which requires estimation 
when no observable rates are available or when they need to 
be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. 
The Group estimates the IBR using the observable inputs 
(such as market interest rates) when available and makes 
certain entity-specific estimates if needed.
Internally developed software cost
The Group develops various software applications for internal 
use. Development costs for self-developed intangible assets 
are capitalized if the applicable criteria of IAS 38 are fulfilled. 
Development costs that do not satisfy the requirements for 
capitalization are expensed as incurred. Capitalised own 
software development costs are amortized over the useful 
economic life of the asset and charged on a straight line basis 
to the income statement. The useful lives are management’s 
best estimate of the period over which value from the asset is 
realized. In determining the useful lives, management 
considers a number of factors including: expected usage by 
the entity of the asset, product upgrade cycles for software 
and technology assets and the level of maintenance required 
to maintain the asset’s operating capability.
7 Operating and Financial Review
228


Page 231:
7.2 Material Contracts and Related Party Transactions
7.2.1 Material contracts
The major contracts for Euronext, entered into the ordinary 
course of business, but essential for its activity as holding a 
regulated markets operators and CSDs and investment firms, 
are:
■ the Derivatives Clearing Agreements with LCH SA 
for the clearing of trades executed on Euronext 
derivatives markets;
■ The post-trade services agreements with CBOE 
Clear Europe for the clearing of trades executed on 
Euronext cash markets under the open access 
model;
■ the clearing agreement signed with SIX X-Clear for 
the clearing of trades executed on Oslo Børs cash 
market;
■ the clearing agreements signed with CBOE Clear 
Europe for the clearing of trades executed on Oslo 
Børs cash market;
■ the clearing agreements signed with LCH Ltd for the 
clearing of trades executed on Oslo Børs cash 
market;
■ the clearing agreements signed with NASDAQ 
Clearing for the clearing of trades executed on Fish 
Pool;
■ the clearing agreements signed between MTS and 
LCH SA;
■ the agreement related to the interoperability link 
between Euronext Clearing (CC&G) and LCH SA: 
Service agreement for Allied Clearing House of the 
LCH Clearnet SA System;
■ the Data Centre Services agreement signed with 
ICE;
■ the Master Services agreement signed with Aruba 
S.p.A., a company operating in data centre services;
■ the Cloud Enterprise agreement signed with Amazon 
Web Services;
■ the Disaster Recovery Enterprise agreement signed 
with Equinix;
■ the SOC Enterprise agreement signed with Cap 
Gemini;
■ the CSD mainframe Enterprise agreements signed 
with IBM; 
■ the IT Outsourced agreement signed with Nexi for 
the custody services provided to Euronext 
Securities Milan;
■ the Trading Surveillance and Pre-Settlment 
Agreement between MTS S.p.A. and Nexi Payments 
S.p.A.;
■ the agreement governing Mainframe outsourcing 
services and CO-location services for Distributed 
systems for Euronext Securities Oslo with Tietoevry 
Norway AS;
■ the IT services agreement with Vermeg Solution SA 
for a Corporate Action solution for the CSDs;
■ the Separation Framework Agreement with SSC 
Global Business Services (LSEG) for the provision of 
Millennium trading platform and related ancillary 
services to Borsa Italiana;
■ the licence agreement with Bourse de Montreal for 
the licence of the Sola platform that support Borsa 
Italiana derivatives market.
The Clearing Agreements are referred to in section 1.3.7 - Post 
Trade and section 7.1.5 - Key Factors Affecting Businesses and 
Results of Operations.
7.2.2 Related party transactions
Euronext has related party relationships with its associates 
and joint ventures, as disclosed in Note  36 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. The other related parties 
disclosure relates entirely to the key management of 
Euronext. For the transactions with its key management 
personnel, refer to section  4.4 - Remuneration Report  of this 
Universal Registration Document.
From the IPO on 20  June 2014, the transactions with ICE do 
not qualify as “related party transactions” under IAS  24. 
Nevertheless the agreements between Euronext and ICE 
were in force after the IPO. Some of them are long term 
agreements. Some of these services have been progressively 
terminated and replaced over the period 2014-2016.
Over the year 2022, services received from or rendered to ICE 
include the use of Data centre service, Colocation, 
Connectivity, UTP and other intellectual property rights as 
well as ancillary services. As at 31  December 2023, the 
following agreements remain active
▪ data Centre Services Agreement; 
▪ colocation Agreement; 
▪ connectivity Agreement;
▪ UTP and Trading Technology Licence Deed;
▪ intellectual Property Agreement;
▪ Euronext Equity Index Trademark Licence 
Agreement.
Data Centre Services Agreement
ICE provides data centre services to Euronext from the 
Basildon site. Specifically, ICE houses the data centre 
equipment in the Data Centre and provides sub-services, 
such as power, access, physical security, environment, fire 
protection, connectivity, monitoring, support, remote hands, 
installation, receiving and warehouse space.
The agreement will subsist for an initial term of five years, 
starting 1 April 2014, with automatic renewal for a further five-
year period, unless notice of termination is provided by either 
party at least twelve months before expiry of the initial term 
but no earlier than 24 months before the end of the initial 
term. ICE will guarantee to continue providing the services for 
a further two-year period from the date on which notice of 
non-renewal is received. Accordingly, the minimum period for 
this service is five years. In the course of 2015, the agreement 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 229

Page 232:
has been renegotiated, leading to, under certain conditions, a 
lower price structure, to come into effect on 1 January 2016.
In December 2018, the contract has been renewed for a 5 
years period, until April 2024, and adjusted on some specific 
clauses (e.g. exit clause, Data Protection)
Colocation Agreement
ICE provides co-location services directly to Euronext 
members on terms that are no worse than the terms on which 
ICE currently provides equivalent co-location services to its 
members. As the service is provided to members, there is no 
services agreement between ICE and Euronext but rather a 
commitment and payment of commission to Euronext by ICE 
for the right to provide the services.
This agreement will remain in force for a period of five years, 
starting 1  April 2014, unless terminated earlier with mutual 
agreement. ICE will commit not to increase the pricing, nor 
reduce the service or performance levels of colocation for the 
initial two-year period to ensure that Euronext customers 
receive colocation services at an equal (or better) standard to 
that currently provided by Euronext without any adverse price 
impact. Euronext is free to build its own colocation facility 
after the end of this two-year period if it wishes to do so, and 
in that case ICE will have the right to terminate the agreement 
on six months’ notice.
ICE pays to Euronext commission in respect of the fees 
received under the colocation contracts as follows: 35% of 
the colocation hosting fee; 35% of any Liquidity Centre 
Network (LCN) fees; and 100% of any subscription fees (for 
specific Euronext exchanges).
In December 2018, the contract has been renewed for a 5 
years period, until April 2024, and adjusted on some specific 
clauses (e.g. exit clause, Data Protection)
Connectivity Agreement
Euronext’s customers are connected to the SFTI ® network 
either via an SFTI ® managed connection, a direct connection, 
or a third-party connection. ICE provides application services, 
including logical connections to the relevant Euronext 
products between the subscriber and host infrastructure. ICE 
agrees to provide the SFTI ® services to Euronext customers 
on terms (including pricing, service, and performance) that, in 
the aggregate, are no worse than the standard terms on which 
ICE provides equivalent connectivity services to its 
customers.
This agreement will remain in force for five years, starting on 
1 April 2014, unless terminated earlier with mutual agreement. 
This agreement contains substantially the same terms as the 
colocation agreement, including a general commitment not to 
raise fees or reduce services for two years. Euronext receives 
a commission based on 50% of the revenue earned from the 
access/subscription fees to Euronext markets via SFTI®.
In December 2018, the contract has been renewed for a 5 
years period, until April 2024, and adjusted on some specific 
clauses (e.g. exit clause, Data Protection)
UTP and Trading Technology Licence Deed
The intellectual property in the UTP and other trading 
technology, including core software and technology (“Core 
Items”) and related support items (Support Items) that are 
currently being used for the continental Euronext market is 
licensed by ICE (through NYSE Arca, LLC) to Euronext 
(through one of its subsidiaries) for the operation of the 
Euronext trading platforms.
Under the licence agreement, Euronext has been granted a 
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free 
and fully paid-up licence in respect of the use, modification 
and maintenance of the Core Items for any purpose and in 
respect of the use, modification and maintenance of the 
Support Items for the sole purpose of enabling the use of the 
Core Items. The licence includes any improvements or 
enhancements to the Core Items and the Support Items that 
are made before the IPO on 20  June 2014. Euronext owns 
improvements or enhancements that it makes or have made 
to the Core Items and the Support Items after the IPO, and 
Euronext and ICE are not obliged to share their respective 
improvements or enhancements after the IPO.
Euronext may sub-licence its rights, including through 
multiple tiers of sub-licences. However, for a period of two 
years from the IPO, neither Euronext nor ICE is entitled to 
permit a defined list of exchange operators or owners of 
registered swap execution facilities or their affiliates to use 
UTP (though this will not affect any licences that were already 
in place as at 13 November 2013). The restricted list includes 
any of Nasdaq OMX, CME Group, Inc., BM&F Bovespa, London 
Stock Exchange Group Plc, Singapore Exchange Limited, 
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Deutsche Börse Group, BATS 
Global Markets, Inc., Direct Edge, or Chi-X Global Holdings 
LLC; any person that acquires all or substantially all of the 
business of any of these entities; any person that at the time 
of the assignment or licence operates a registered swap 
execution facility; and any affiliate of any such persons. This 
restriction terminated in June 2016.
There are no circumstances in which the licence may be 
terminated by ICE.
Except where there is a breach of warranty by the indemnified 
parties, Euronext will indemnify NYSE Arca and its affiliates 
within ICE for all liability incurred under a third-party claim in 
connection with use of the UTP by Euronext or any of its sub-
licensees after the IPO.
In the event of any infringement of the licensed rights, ICE will 
have the right to determine what enforcement action to take. 
ICE will offer Euronext the right to participate in any action it 
takes. If ICE does not take any enforcement action, Euronext 
will have the sole right to determine what enforcement action 
to take. If Euronext or any sub-licensee of Euronext is sued 
for infringement, ICE will provide all such information and 
assistance as Euronext may reasonably require.
Intellectual Property Agreement
Under this agreement, Euronext is granted a perpetual, 
irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully 
paid-up licence to use and sub-license the name “Euronext 
UTP” in connection with its use of the UTP technology. The 
licence is not supported by any warranties from ICE. There are 
no circumstances in which the licence may be terminated by 
ICE.
To the extent that ICE wishes to use the name “UTP” in 
connection with its version of the UTP technology, ICE has 
agreed that it will use the name “NYSE UTP”.
Also under this agreement, Euronext and ICE have permitted 
each other’s groups to have until 1 June 2015 to cease current 
uses of each other’s trademarks. From that date onwards, 
Euronext and ICE have ceased using each other’s trademarks.
7 Operating and Financial Review
230


Page 233:
Euronext Equity Index Trademark Licence Agreement
Under the licence agreement, LIFFE is granted a worldwide 
and non-exclusive licence in relation to the trademarks and 
associated logos for the indices generated by the Euronext 
Regulated Markets. The licence permits the use of these 
trademarks and associated logos in connection with the 
marketing, listing and trading of any tradable contract. 
However, until 1  January 2016, the licensed use is limited to 
LIFFE’s current tradable contracts for listings on Bclear and 
only in respect of equity indices for AEX ®, BEL 20 ®, CAC 40 ®, 
and PSI ®. This limitation will terminate early in case  a third-
party infrastructure provider acquires control of any Euronext 
company, or is granted a licence by Euronext company to use 
any of the trademarks for any of the indices generated by the 
Euronext Regulated Markets. Subject to appropriate 
limitations, LIFFE may sub-license the rights to ICE.
For its use of the licensed trademarks and associated logos, 
LIFFE pays the greater of (i) €0.05 per traded contract and (ii) 
15% of the exchange and clearing fees on the traded 
contracts.
LIFFE will indemnify Euronext and its affiliates for all liability 
incurred under a third-party claim in connection with ICE’s 
use of the licensed trademarks, other than where the third-
party claim is for trademark infringement.
The licence agreement recognises that the parties may need 
to renegotiate the terms where Euronext is required, by a 
change in the law, to grant licences at market rates and on a 
non-discriminatory basis albeit such renegotiation shall take 
due account for the fact that ICE has already provided value 
for the use of the equity indices as part of the acquisition of 
NYSE Euronext by ICE.
Also, in connection with the separation of Euronext from ICE, 
Euronext and ICE entered into a series of transitional services 
agreements (SLAs). There were some ancillary services 
provided by ICE to Euronext (“ICE Ancillary Services”) and 
ancillary services provided by Euronext to ICE (Euronext 
Ancillary).
Crossfinder licence agreement
FastMatch’s operating system for its matching engine is 
based on the Crossfinder(R) software licensed by FastMatch 
from Credit Suisse pursuant to a perpetual licence. The 
licence granted by Credit Suisse is limited in scope to use by 
FastMatch in its operations as an electronic exchange for the 
trading of foreign exchange. Pursuant to that licence, 
FastMatch has exclusive and unrestricted ownership of all 
modifications made to the Crossfinder code by FastMatch, as 
well as to any software developed by FastMatch 
independently.
7.3 Legal Proceedings
The Group is involved in a number of legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of our business. Other than as 
discussed below in sections  7.3.1  there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceeding that might have or have had in the 
recent past significant effects on the Group's financial position or profitability. 
Management does not expect these pending or threatening legal proceedings to have a significant effect on the Group’s financial 
position or profitability. The outcome of legal proceedings, however, can be extremely difficult to predict and the final outcome 
may be materially different from management’s expectations.
7.3.1 Euronext Amsterdam pension fund
In the court case between Euronext Amsterdam and 
approximately 120 retired and/or former Euronext Amsterdam 
employees, united in an association ("VPGE"), the Higher Court 
ordered Euronext to restore the pension reduction to the 
VPGE members and to pay for indexation of the VPGE 
member’s pensions on 28 July 2020. Euronext lodged an 
appeal in Cassation before the Supreme Court on 23 October 
2020.
On 29 October 2021, the Attorney General ("Advocaat-
Generaal") advised the Supreme Court to annul the decision of 
the Higher Court and to reject the cross-appeal filed by VPGE. 
On 23 September 2022, the Supreme Court has overturned 
the verdict of the Higher Court. The Supreme Court agreed 
with Euronext’s position on all points raised.
In accordance with Dutch procedural rules, the case will now 
be reverted back to the Higher Court that has to take the final 
decision, taking into account the verdict of the Supreme 
Court. The date of this hearing will be 3 May 2024.
No provision has been booked in connection with this case.
7.4 Insurance
Euronext maintains a comprehensive insurance programme 
with the assistance of an insurance broker allowing Euronext 
to make an assessment of its risks, take out the proper 
insurance policies and deal with insurance management as 
smoothly as possible.
The main characteristics of the insurance programme are the 
following:
■ the main insurance policies are consolidated at the 
Euronext group level in order to ensure consistency 
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 231

Page 234:
of coverage across the Euronext group and to 
benefit from lower premiums;
■ the scope of risks covered is determined by 
reference to Euronext’s activities (listing, trading, 
market data, post-trade and technologies  & other); 
and
■ all insurance carriers are analysed from a credit 
rating perspective.
The main risks covered by Euronext’s insurance programme 
are the following:
■ directors’ & officers’ liability: this policy covers 
losses related to an alleged wrongful Act committed 
by members of Euronext Managing Board, Euronext 
Supervisory Board and other senior management. 
Under this policy, any of Euronext past, present or 
future directors or officers will be insured against 
liability for negligence, default or breach of duty or 
other liability, other than cases of wilful misconduct 
or gross negligence (opzet of grove nalatigheid);
■ professional indemnity & crime: this policy provides 
first party coverage and indemnification against 
third-party claims arising out of negligence, errors 
or omissions in connection with professional 
services or failure to meet contractual obligations in 
the conduct of exchange activities and exchange 
related activities. This policy also covers first party 
losses resulting directly from dishonest or 
fraudulent acts committed by Euronext employees 
or third parties working with Euronext employees;
■ cyber: this policy provides coverage for an 
Euronext’s business interruption following malicious 
action on an IT system. Coverage is provided for 
claims arising from the interruption of systems or 
other failures of IT Security caused by damage to 
computer programs or data that results from a 
computer attack or unauthorised access or use of 
system. This policy also covers claims for the failure 
to protect personality identifiable information or 
unauthorised disclosure of confidential corporate 
information in any form;
■ property damage & business interruption: this policy 
provides first party coverage for losses to 
Euronext’s property or business interruption. The 
coverage includes tenant’s liability and liability to 
third parties;
■ terrorism; and
■ commercial general liability: this policy provides 
coverage for negligent acts and/or omissions 
resulting in bodily injury, property damage, 
consequential losses and pure financial losses to 
third parties, their reputation, or their property as a 
result of using Euronext products and services.
In addition to the insurance program, risk management and 
business continuity plan policy and procedures are 
implemented in a complementary manner. Euronext believes 
that its existing insurance coverage, including the amounts of 
coverage and the conditions, provides reasonable protection, 
taking into account the costs for the insurance coverage and 
the potential risks to business operations.
As from closing date of the Borsa Italiana Group transaction, 
Borsa Italiana Group has been fully integrated into the global 
Euronext Insurance programme.
7.5 Liquidity and Capital Resources
7.5.1 Liquidity
Euronext’s financial policy seeks to finance the growth of the 
business, remunerate shareholders and ensure financial 
flexibility, while maintaining strong creditworthiness and 
liquidity.
Euronext primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from 
operating activities, current assets and existing bank 
facilities. Euronext‘s principal liquidity requirements are for 
working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate 
use.
Euronext business is becoming more diversified and thus less 
dependent upon the levels of activity in its exchanges, and in 
particular upon the volume of financial instruments traded, 
the number of shares outstanding of listed issuers, the 
number of new listings, the number of traders in the market 
and similar factors. As a result of this diversification away 
from the activities to which Euronext has no direct control, 
the volatility of revenue has reduced. While Euronext 
activities are not subject to significant seasonal trends, cash 
flows vary from month to month due to Euronext billing and 
collection efforts (most notably the annual billings for listed 
companies during the first quarter).
Euronext business has historically generated significant cash 
flow from operating activities to meet its cash requirements 
as well as to distribute dividends to its shareholders. 
Euronext expects future cash flow from operating activities 
to be sufficient to fund its capital expenditures, distribute 
dividends as well as repay its debts as they become due. In 
addition, Euronext has access to a €600  million revolving 
credit facility (see section   7.1.11 - Facilities Agreements and 
Bonds).
More information on Euronext’s cash flows is provided in 
section 7.1.10 - Cash Flow.
Because of its strict financial policy of maintaining strong 
creditworthiness and liquidity, and its significant operating 
cash flow generation capacities, Euronext N.V. considers its 
financial position as at 31 December 2023 as solid, both from a 
solvency and a liquidity perspective.
The financial resources ultimo 2023 can be summarised as 
follows:
In thousands of euros Financial resources
Cash & cash equivalents  1,448,788 
Revolving credit facility  600,000 
TOTAL FINANCIAL RESOURCES  2,048,788 
7 Operating and Financial Review
232


Page 235:
7.5.2 Consolidated Regulatory Capital 
Requirements
Euronext N.V. is subject to regulatory capital requirements. 
These requirements were first set out in the exchange licence 
that was issued by the Dutch Minister of Finance in June 2014. 
Following discussion with the Dutch Minister of Finance in 
2015 and 2016 a new exchange licence was granted on 23rd of 
May  2016, including new capital requirements for both 
Euronext consolidated and Euronext Amsterdam N.V.
As from 23 May 2016 the following capital requirements apply 
to Euronext.
Euronext N.V. is subject to minimum regulatory capital 
requirements defined by the Minister of Finance and the AFM, 
under which Euronext is required:
■ to ensure that its shareholders equity, liquidity and 
solvency satisfy what is required with a view to the 
interests which the Dutch Act on Financial 
Supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht –Wft) 
aims to protect;
■ Euronext shall have a minimum shareholders equity 
on a consolidated basis of at least €250 million;
■ Euronext shall take care of a stable financing. To 
that end, the total of long term assets of Euronext 
will to the satisfaction of the AFM be financed with 
shareholders equity and long term liabilities;
■ Euronext shall have a positive regulatory capital on a 
consolidated basis. The regulatory capital is 
calculated according to the following formula: the 
paid up share capital plus the freely available 
reserves, less the items listed in section  36 of 
Regulation (EU) no.  575/2013. The standards drawn 
up by the European Banking Authority as referred to 
in section  36, second paragraph, of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation are taken into account in 
relation hereto;
■ in deviation of the calculation set out in bullet point 
4 of the regulatory capital, the value of the intangible 
fixed assets in connection with the acquiring of a 
controlling influence through an acquisition will be 
deducted in ten equal amounts from the regulatory 
capital, starting in the year that the acquisition has 
taken place (the year of acquisition pro rata for the 
number of months). If the value of the intangible 
assets is higher than factor ten times the most 
recent profits of the acquired business, the grow-in 
term can after approval from the AFM be based on a 
higher, reasonable factor (= grow-in term), taking 
into account a prudent and consistent dividend 
policy proposed by Euronext. If the grow-in term and 
the related dividend policy provide for a negative 
regulatory capital for a limited number of years of 
the grow-in term, than this fact will not prevent the 
execution of the consistent and prudent dividend 
policy of Euronext in those years;
■ if Euronext foresees or reasonably can foresee that 
its shareholders equity or regulatory capital does not 
satisfy or will not satisfy the prescribed prudential 
requirements, it will notify the AFM thereof 
immediately. If at any moment Euronext does not 
comply with the prescribed requirements with 
respect to the minimum shareholders equity, the 
regulatory capital or the grow-in of the regulatory 
capital is behind the grow-in term as determined on 
beforehand, Euronext will provide the AFM with a 
prognosis of how it expects to again comply with the 
prescribed prudential requirements. Dividend 
distributions will be possible in such a situation, 
unless the AFM is of the opinion that the future 
development of the shareholders equity or the 
regulatory capital of Euronext do not allow for this. If 
necessary, the AFM can prescribe within which term 
and in which manner Euronext will need to comply 
with the prudential requirements.
In addition, Euronext is required to obtain the prior approval 
of the AFM in the following circumstances:
■ the granting of personal and in rem security for 
debts of other enterprises or the assumption of 
debts and security by Euronext, to the extent this is 
or can be of influence on the functioning of the 
regulated markets held by Euronext or possibly can 
result in Euronext or one or more of its regulated 
subsidiaries no longer satisfying the prescribed 
prudential requirements;
■ to the extent there is a reorganisation, operational 
or legal separations of the licence holders or merger 
which can be of material influence of the functioning 
of the regulated markets in the Netherlands 
operated by the license holders;
■ proposed resolutions of Euronext which can be of 
significant influence on the financial soundness of 
Euronext.
Euronext is also required to ensure that, in the event of a 
possible insolvency of Euronext N.V., the local exchanges can 
continue to function operationally.
The AFM may impose further requirements with respect to 
the shareholders equity position, liquidity and solvency of 
Euronext, to the extent necessary for the compliance with the 
requirements of the regulated markets.
In addition, each of the Group’s subsidiaries that is an 
operator of a regulated market and subsidiaries that are 
investment firms are subject to regulatory capital 
requirements relating to their general financial soundness, 
which include certain minimum capital requirements.
As of 31 December 2023, Euronext shareholders equity and 
regulatory equity was the following:
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 233

Page 236:
In thousands of euros 31 Dec 2023 31 Dec 2022
Shareholders equity  3,945,691  3,913,967 
Less
Intangible assets and deferred tax  1,563,768  1,187,392 
Investments in financial sector  261,060  319,914 
Non-significant threshold  (238,192)  (272,658) 
REGULATORY EQUITY  2,359,055  2,679,319 
7.6 Tangible Fixed Assets
The main tangible fixed assets of the Group consist of the following categories:
■ land & buildings;
■ hardware & IT equipment;
■ other Property & Equipment.
7.6.1 Principal properties
Euronext’s headquarters are located in Amsterdam, the Netherlands at Beursplein 5, and in Paris, France, at La Défense (92054), 14 
Place des Reflets. Euronext’s registered office is located at Beursplein 5, 1012 JW Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Real estate Euronext – per 31 December 2023
Location / Building Address ZIP City Country Lease 
commence
Lease
expiry
Surfaces
(sqm)
Owned 
/ Leased
Amsterdam, BEURSPLEIN 5 5 Beursplein 1012 JW Amsterdam Netherlands N/A N/A  14,450 Owned
London (expires March' 24) 110 Cannon Street EC4N6EU London UK 2017 2024  1,085 Leased
London 25 North Colonnade E14 5HS London UK 2023 2030  1,083 Leased
Brussels / LE MARQUIS 1 rue de Marquis 1000 Brussels Belgium 2014 2030  860 Leased
Lisbon / VICTORIA- Seuros 
vida 196-7 Avenida da Liberdade 1250-147 Lisbon Portugal 2018 2026  554 Leased
Porto / Euronext Securities / 
Euronext Technologies 3433 Avenida da Boavista 410-138 Porto Portugal 2016 2026  3,448 Leased
Paris / PRAETORIUM 14 place des Reflets 92054 Paris Cedex France 2015 2033  10,339 Leased
SCI Frepillon 7 Rue Louis Bleriot 93350 Frepillon France 2022 2025  282 Leased
CCI Nantes 6 rue Bisson 44000 Nantes France 2020 2025  15 Leased
SCI Lyon 52 Rue de la Republique 69002 Lyon France 2022 2025  58 Leased
Regus Marseille 165 Avenue du Prado 13008 Marseille Cedex France 2019 2024  13 Leased
Spain / REGUS / Cuzco IV 141 Paseo de Castellana – 5 
floor 28046 Madrid Spain 2017 2024  12 Leased
New York 180 Maiden Lane NY10038 New York USA 2016 2026  854 Leased
Bengalore/ Obeya 17 Cross Road, AJ Forte 560102IN Bengalore India 2022 2024  308 Leased
Dublin Exchange building Foster Place 2 Dublin Ireland N/A N/A  1,525 Owned
Stock Exchange Anglesea Street Dublin Ireland N/A N/A  1,330 Owned
Oslo Børs Tollbugata 2 Oslo Norway N/A N/A  3,004 Owned
Fishpool Bergen Fantoftvegen 38 Bergen Norway 2019 2024  140 Leased
Euronext Securities 
Copenhagen Nicolai Eightveds Gade 8 Copenhagen Denmark 2022 2028  3,097 Leased
Palazzo Mezzanotte1 6 Piazza Affari Milan Italy 2018 2024 12,305 Leased
Gatelab Viale dei Pentrei Isernia Italy 2018 2024 440 Leased
Euronext Clearing/ MTS 146 Via Tomacelli Rome Italy 2019 2025 1,636 Leased
iBabs (expires April '24) De Factorij 33 Zwaag Netherlands 2016 2024 292 Leased
iBabs Maelsonstraat 28 Hoorn Netherlands 2023 2031 339 Leased
Company Webcast Rivium Boulevard 176 Rotterdam Netherlands 2014 2024 1,136 Leased
Nordpool Oslo Lilleakerveien 2 AS Oslo Norway N/A 2029 2,024 Leased
Nordpool Stockholm Västra Järvägsgatan 111 Stockholm Sweden 2019 2024 45 Leased
Nordpool Helsinki Keilasatama 2150 Helsinki Finland 2022 2027 693 Leased
Singapore 7 Straits View Singapore Singapore 2019 2024 27 Leased
Delhi / We Work Udyhog Vihar Pahse 4R Gurugram India 2022 2024 18 Leased
Netherlands/ Company 
Webcast Strawinskylaan 47 1077XW Amsterdam Netherlands 2018 2024 97 Leased
London/ Company Webcast 16-18 Finsbury Circus EC2M7FEB London United Kingdom 2021 2031 156 Leased
7 Operating and Financial Review
234


Page 237:
Brusels/ Company Webcast 1, rue du marquis 1000 Brussels Belgium 2017 2025 96 Leased
Paris/ Company Webcast 8, place de l'Opéra 75009 Paris CEDEX France 2020 2029 112 Leased
Italy/ Company Webcast 20, Via Agnello 20121 Milan Italy 2022 2026 165 Leased
Germany/ Company Webcast Bockenheimer Landstrasse 
23 60323 Frankfurt am Main Germany 2022 2029 219 Leased
1 A new lease agreement with Palazzo Mezzanotte will enter into force on 1 January 2025, expiring in 2031.
Operating and Financial Review
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 235

Page 238:
8 Financial Statements
236


Page 239:
8
8.1 Consolidated Statement of 8.4 Consolidated Statement of 
Profit or Loss Cash Flows
8.2 Consolidated Statement of 8.5 Consolidated of Statement of
Comprehensive Income Changes in Equity
8.3 Consolidated Balance Sheet Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 237

Page 240:
8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
8.1 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
Year ended Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022
In thousands of euros (except per share data) Note
Underlying 
items
Non-
Underlying 
items (a) Total
Underlying 
items
Non-
Underlying 
items (a) Total
Revenue 8  1,426,876  —  1,426,876  1,418,774  —  1,418,774 
Net treasury income through CCP business 8  46,660  —  46,660  44,038  (48,951)  (4,913) 
Other income 8  1,171  —  1,171  4,949  —  4,949 
Total revenue and income  1,474,707  —  1,474,707  1,467,761  (48,951)  1,418,810 
Salaries and employee benefits 9  (319,485)  (12,931)  (332,416)  (301,059)  (5,958)  (307,017) 
Depreciation and amortisation 10  (74,215)  (95,916)  (170,131)  (68,829)  (91,362)  (160,191) 
Other operational expenses 11  (290,556)  (65,367)  (355,923)  (305,085)  (21,259)  (326,344) 
Operating profit  790,451  (174,214)  616,237  792,788  (167,530)  625,258 
Finance costs 13  (35,683)  (31)  (35,714)  (37,078)  —  (37,078) 
Finance income (b) 13  30,526  —  30,526  5,806  —  5,806 
Other net financing results (b) 13  5,208  —  5,208  (691)  —  (691) 
Results from equity investments 14  23,500  —  23,500  9,842  —  9,842 
(Loss)/gain on disposal of subsidiaries 14  —  (206)  (206)  —  2,274  2,274 
Gain on sale of associates 14  —  53,028  53,028  —  —  — 
Share of net profit/(loss) of associates and joint 
ventures accounted for using the equity 
method, and impairments thereof
7  6,533  —  6,533  10,360  (1,526)  8,834 
Profit before income tax  820,535  (121,423)  699,112  781,027  (166,782)  614,245 
Income tax expense 15  (208,925)  46,228  (162,697)  (208,321)  44,716  (163,605) 
Profit for the period  611,610  (75,195)  536,415  572,706  (122,066)  450,640 
Profit attributable to:
– Owners of the parent  584,674  (71,107)  513,567  555,308  (117,481)  437,827 
– Non-controlling interests  26,936  (4,088)  22,848  17,398  (4,585)  12,813 
Basic earnings per share 27  5.51  (0.67)  4.84  5.21  (1.10)  4.10 
Diluted earnings per share 27  5.50  (0.67)  4.83  5.19  (1.10)  4.10 
(a) Details of non-underlying items are disclosed in Note 12.
(b) As from 2023, the Group presents finance income separately on the face of the income statement, following increased income from interest 
calculated using the effective interest method. The Group re-presented the comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €5.8 million  from 
'Other net financing results' that was originally reported at €5.1 million  in 2022.
The above Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
8 Financial Statements
238


Page 241:
8.2 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended
In thousands of euros Note
31 December
2023
31 December
2022
Profit for the period  536,415  450,640 
Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
– Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  (57,822)  (29,371) 
– Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 19  6,253  2,773 
– Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income  7,099  (40,346) 
– Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments  —  48,951 
– Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income 19  (2,046)  (2,426) 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
– Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income  11,865  42,054 
– Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income 19  (3,061)  (8,469) 
– Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 30  (1,366)  11,896 
– Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 19  190  (1,329) 
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax  (38,888)  23,733 
Total comprehensive income for the period  497,527  474,373 
Comprehensive income attributable to:
– Owners of the parent  475,703  461,989 
– Non-controlling interests  21,824  12,384 
The above Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 239

Page 242:
8.3 Consolidated Balance Sheet
In thousands of euros Note
As at 31 December
2023
As at 31 December 
2022
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 16  114,373  109,389 
Right-of-use assets 17  55,739  42,290 
Goodwill and other intangible assets 18  6,108,152  6,205,826 
Deferred tax assets 19  31,258  18,917 
Investments in associates and joint ventures 7  1,329  72,009 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 20,35  262,655  278,219 
Financial assets at amortised cost 35  3,452  2,312 
Other non-current assets  1,088  1,374 
Total non-current assets  6,578,046  6,730,336 
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 21  303,515  318,087 
Other current assets 22  30,128  27,585 
Income tax receivables  58,563  54,931 
CCP clearing business assets 35  183,715,218  166,842,539 
Other current financial assets 24  103,053  162,740 
Cash and cash equivalents 25  1,448,788  1,001,082 
Total current assets  185,659,265  168,406,964 
Total assets  192,237,311  175,137,300 
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Issued capital 26  171,370  171,370 
Share premium  2,432,426  2,432,426 
Reserve own shares  (242,117)  (32,836) 
Retained earnings  1,543,458  1,265,765 
Other reserves  40,554  77,242 
Shareholders' equity  3,945,691  3,913,967 
Non-controlling interests  139,655  126,339 
Total equity  4,085,346  4,040,306 
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings 29  3,031,629  3,027,161 
Lease liabilities 17  37,314  21,648 
Deferred tax liabilities 19  531,895  552,574 
Post-employment benefits 30  22,677  19,631 
Contract liabilities 33  60,029  63,785 
Provisions 31  7,295  7,049 
Total non-current liabilities  3,690,839  3,691,848 
Current liabilities
Borrowings 29  17,286  17,370 
Lease liabilities 17  22,159  28,466 
Derivative financial instruments 23  34  19 
CCP clearing business liabilities 35  183,832,245  166,858,684 
Current income tax liabilities  89,120  28,463 
Trade and other payables 32  415,843  396,287 
Contract liabilities 33  79,270  75,198 
Provisions 31  5,169  659 
Total current liabilities  184,461,126  167,405,146 
Total equity and liabilities  192,237,311  175,137,300 
The above Consolidated Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
8 Financial Statements
240


Page 243:
8.4 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
  Year ended
In thousands of euros Note
31 December
2023
31 December
2022
Profit before income tax    699,112  614,245 
Adjustments for:  
• Depreciation and amortisation 10  170,131  160,191 
• Share based payments 9  14,378  13,994 
• Results from equity investments (a) 14  (23,496)  (9,840) 
• Gain on sale of associates 14  (53,028)  — 
• Share of profit from associates and joint ventures, and impairments thereof 7  (6,533)  (8,834) 
• Changes in working capital and provisions (a)    155,495  67,366 
Cash flow from operating activities    956,059  837,122 
Income tax paid    (129,986)  (220,636) 
Net cash generated by operating activities    826,073  616,486 
Cash flow from investing activities  
Acquisition of associates  —  (654) 
Acquisition of business combinations, net of cash acquired 5  (2,513)  (65,988) 
Acquisition of equity investments  (1,326)  — 
Proceeds from disposal of equity investments  240  — 
Purchase of other current financial assets    (72,280)  (30,599) 
Redemption of other current financial assets    155,494  42,900 
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries (b)  (208)  8,743 
Proceeds from sale of associates  122,444  — 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 16  (27,703)  (31,867) 
Purchase of intangible assets 18  (75,333)  (67,650) 
Interest received (c)  25,261  5,889 
Dividends received from equity investments 14  23,496  9,840 
Dividends received from associates 7  7,820  6,748 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets    —  53 
Net cash (used in) investing activities    155,392  (122,585)  
Cash flow from financing activities  
Interest paid  (28,711)  (29,565) 
Settlement of derivatives financial instruments  —  (8,886) 
Dividends paid to the company's shareholders 26  (237,191)  (205,985) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests  (5,347)  (10,931) 
Payment of lease liabilities 17  (28,423)  (23,417) 
Transactions in own shares 26  (219,061)  (18) 
Employee Share transactions    (967)  (3,566) 
Net cash generated by financing activities    (519,700)  (282,368) 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents    461,765  211,533 
Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of the period    1,001,082  809,409 
Non-cash exchange (losses)/gains on cash and cash equivalents    (14,059)  (19,860) 
Cash and cash equivalents - End of the period    1,448,788  1,001,082 
(a) In prior periods, the Group adjusted for results from equity investments in the line 'Changes in working capital and provisions'. As per 2023, the 
Group has changed its presentation and adjusts for 'Results from equity investments' in a separate line item. The Group re-presented the 
comparative period accordingly by reclassifying €9.8 million from 'Changes in working capital and provisions' that was originally reported  at €57.5 
million in 2022. 
(b) The current period included a settlement payment of €0.2 million related to the finalisation of the sale of MTS Markets International Inc. at end of 
last year.
(c) The Group has re-presented 'interest received' as part of cash flows from investing activities, whereas in previous periods this item was presented 
as part of cash flows from financing activities.
The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 241

Page 244:
8.5 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Other reserves
In thousands of euros Note Issued capital Share premium
Reserve own 
shares
Retained 
Earnings
Foreign currency 
translation 
reserve
Fair value 
reserve of 
financial assets 
at FVOCI
Total other 
reserves
Total 
Shareholders' 
equity
Non-controlling 
interests Total equity
Balance as at 1 January 2022  171,370  2,432,426  (42,778)  1,022,921  (10,631)  74,278  63,647  3,647,586  123,114  3,770,700 
Profit for the period  —  —  —  437,827  —  —  —  437,827  12,813  450,640 
Other comprehensive income for the period  —  —  —  10,567  (26,169)  39,764  13,595  24,162  (429)  23,733 
Total comprehensive income for the period  —  —  —  448,394  (26,169)  39,764  13,595  461,989  12,384  474,373 
Transfer of revaluation result to retained 
earnings  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Issuance of common stock  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Share based payments  —  —  —  13,976  —  —  —  13,976  —  13,976 
Dividends paid  —  —  —  (205,985)  —  —  —  (205,985)  (8,990)  (214,975) 
Transactions in  own shares 26  —  —  (18)  —  —  —  —  (18)  —  (18) 
Acquisition of non-controlling interest  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Non-controlling interests on acquisition/
(disposal) of subsidiary  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  (169)  (169) 
Other movements  —  —  9,960  (13,541)  —  —  —  (3,581)  —  (3,581) 
' Balance as as 31 December 2022  171,370  2,432,426  (32,836)  1,265,765  (36,800)  114,042  77,242  3,913,967  126,339  4,040,306 
Profit for the period  —  —  —  513,567  —  —  —  513,567  22,848  536,415 
Other comprehensive income for the period  —  —  —  (1,176)  (50,545)  13,857  (36,688)  (37,864)  (1,024)  (38,888) 
Total comprehensive income for the period  —  —  —  512,391  (50,545)  13,857  (36,688)  475,703  21,824  497,527 
Share based payments  —  —  —  14,134  —  —  —  14,134  —  14,134 
Dividends paid  —  —  —  (237,191)  —  —  —  (237,191)  (6,881)  (244,072) 
Transactions in own shares 26  —  —  (219,061)  —  —  —  —  (219,061)  —  (219,061) 
Acquisition of non-controlling interest  —  —  —  (885)  —  —  —  (885)  (1,627)  (2,512) 
Non-controlling interests on acquisition/
(disposal) of subsidiary  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Other movements  —  —  9,780  (10,756)  —  —  —  (976)  —  (976) 
Balance as at 31 December 2023  171,370  2,432,426  (242,117)  1,543,458  (87,345)  127,899  40,554  3,945,691  139,655  4,085,346 
The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
8 Financial Statements
242


Page 245:
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1.General information
Euronext N.V. (“the Group” or “the Company”) is a public limited 
liability company incorporated and domiciled at Beursplein 5, 
1012 JW, Amsterdam  in the Netherlands under Chamber of 
Commerce number 60234520 and is listed on the following 
Euronext local markets: Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext 
Brussels, Euronext Lisbon and Euronext Paris.
The Group operates securities and derivatives exchanges in 
Continental Europe, Ireland and Norway. It offers a full range 
of exchange- and corporate services, including security 
listings, cash and derivatives trading, and market data 
dissemination. It combines the Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin, 
Lisbon, Milan, Oslo and Paris exchanges in a highly integrated, 
cross-border organisation.The Group also operates Interbolsa 
S.A. (Euronext Securities Porto), Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(Euronext Securities Oslo), VP Securities AS (Euronext 
Securities Copenhagen) and Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Euronext 
Securities Milan) (respectively the Portuguese, Norwegian, 
Danish and Italian national Central Securities Depositories 
(CSDs)) and Cassa di Compensatione e Garanzia S.p.A. 
(Euronext Clearing), a fully owned Italian multi-asset clearing 
house.
The Group further owns Euronext FX Inc., a US-based 
Electronic Communication Network in the spot foreign 
exchange market, and has majority stakes in Nord Pool, a 
leading power market in Europe offering intraday and day-
ahead trading in the physical energy markets, and MTS S.p.A., 
a leading trading platform for European government bonds.
The Group’s in-house IT function supports its exchange 
operations. In addition, the Group provides software licenses 
as well as IT development, operation and maintenance 
services to third-party exchanges.
These Consolidated Financial Statements were authorised for 
issuance by Euronext N.V.’s Supervisory Board on 28 March 
2024 and will be submitted for adoption by the Annual General 
Meeting (AGM) of Shareholders on 15 May 2024. The AGM  has 
the power to amend the Consolidated Financial Statements 
after issue.
Note 2. Significant events and transactions
The financial position and performance of the Group was 
particularly affected by the following events and transactions 
that have occurred during the year:
Termination of Derivatives Clearing Contract with LCH SA
During the first weeks of January 2023, Euronext local boards 
decided to terminate the Derivatives Clearing Agreement with 
LCH SA. On 16 January 2023, a termination notice was sent to 
LCH SA. The Group recognised a payable for the termination 
fees and migration fees (including indexation) indicated in the 
agreement of approximately €36.6 million. The amount was 
recognised as a non-underlying expense (see Note 12). The 
amount will be due in January 2024.
Sale of investment in associate LCH SA
Following the notification of the early termination of the 
Derivatives Clearing Agreement, LCH Group Ltd. had the 
option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA, which it 
executed on 21 June 2023. 
On 26 June 2023, the Group entered into a definitive 
agreement for the sale of its 11.1% stake in LCH SA to LCH 
Group Ltd., for an amount of €111.0 million, which was valued 
by independent valuation experts. 
The completion of the transaction (transfer of all risks and 
rewards related to the shares) occurred on 6 July 2023. 
Subsequently, the Group derecognised its investment in 
associate LCH SA at its carrying amount of €69.4 million and 
recognised a €41.6 million 'non-underlying' gain on sale of 
associate in the consolidated income statement (see Notes 12 
and 14).
Sale of investment in associate Tokeny S.a.r.l.
On 1 December 2023, the Group sold its interest in associate 
Tokeny S.a.r.l. for an amount of €11.4 million. As the 
investment was held at a carrying amount of zero, the full 
proceeds of the sale were recognised as a gain on sale of 
associate in the income statement (see Note 14).
Purchase price allocation of Nexi’s technology 
businesses acquisition
In 2023, the Group finalised the purchase price allocation of 
the technology businesses of Nexi S.p.A., that the Group had 
acquired on 1 December 2022 at a purchase consideration of 
approximately €57 million (on a debt free, cash free basis). 
The Group identified €10.1 million of software intangible 
assets and €3.2 million of customer relationships as part of 
the purchase price allocation, which were subsequently 
offset in goodwill (see Notes 5 and 18).
Share repurchase programmes
On 9 June 2023, the Group announced that it would 
repurchase 330,000 of its own shares as part of its Long-
Term Incentive plans (see Note 26). This repurchase 
programme was implemented and directed by an independent 
agent from 12 June 2023 to 7 July 2023 and was carried out in 
accordance with the conditions of the authorisation granted 
by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Euronext on 17 May 
2023.
On 27 July 2023, the Group announced a share repurchase 
programme (the ‘Programme’) for an amount of €200 million. 
The Programme was implemented as follows: 
▪ Purpose: the purpose of the Programme is to reduce 
the share capital of the Group. All shares 
repurchased as part of the Programme will be 
cancelled; 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 243

Page 246:
▪ Maximum amount allocated: €200 million;
▪ Duration: the targeted period for the Programme is 
from 31 July 2023 for a maximum duration of a year, 
to be implemented on Euronext Paris;
▪ Framework: Euronext aims to repurchase 
approximately 3.0% of its ordinary shares, as 
authorised by the General Meeting on 17 May 2023 to 
a limit of 10.0%.
Euronext entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with 
a financial intermediary to conduct the repurchase. 
The Programme was executed in compliance with applicable 
rules and regulations, including the Market Abuse Regulation 
596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1052, and based on the authority granted by the annual 
general meeting of shareholders on 17 May 2023.
On 3 January 2024, the Group completed the Programme, see 
Note 40 for more details.
Revaluation of direct- and indirect stakes in Euroclear 
S.A./N.V.
For the determination of fair value of its direct and indirect 
investments in Euroclear S.A./N.V., the Group applied a 
weighted approach of the Gordon Growth model and recent 
observed market transactions taking into account an 
illiquidity discount for the limited number of transactions. 
This valuation method resulted in a total valuation of 
Euroclear S.A./N.V. of €5.3 billion and to an increase in fair 
value of Euronext S.A./N.V.’s direct- and indirect investments 
of €11.7 million as per 31 December 2023. This revaluation was 
recorded in Other Comprehensive Income.
Long-Term Incentive Plan 2023
On 22 May 2023, a Long-Term Incentive plan (“LTI 2023”) was 
established under the revised Remuneration Policy that was 
approved by the AGM in May 2021. The LTI cliff vests after 3 
years whereby performance criteria will impact the actual 
number of shares at vesting date. The share price for this 
grant at grant date was €66.60 and 257,436 Restricted Stock 
Units (“RSU’s”) were granted. The total share-based payment 
expense at the vesting date in 2026 is estimated to be €13.6 
million. As from the grant date, compensation expense 
recorded for this LTI 2023 plan amounted to €2.6 million in 
the income statement for the year ended 31 December 2023.
Changes in the Group’s key management personnel 
during 2023
On 17 May 2023, at the Annual General Meeting, the Group 
appointed Benoît van den Hove as Member of the Managing 
Board of Euronext N.V. with effect from 1 July 2023, following 
the announced retirement of Vincent Van Dessel. At that 
same meeting, Manuel Bento was appointed as Member of the 
Managing Board of Euronext N.V. with immediate effect. 
On 8 November 2023, Simon Gallagher was appointed CEO of 
Euronext London, Head of Global Sales and Member of the 
Managing Board of Euronext N.V., subject to shareholders' 
and regulatory approvals. This as a result of Chris Topple 
stepping down from his roles at Euronext.
No changes in the Supervisory Board occurred to date. 
See Note 36, for more details on the Group’s key management 
personnel.
Note 3. Accounting policies and significant judgments
The accounting policies applied in the preparation of these 
Consolidated Financial Statements are set out below. These 
policies have been consistently applied to all the years 
presented, unless stated otherwise. The financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2023 are for the Group 
consisting of Euronext N.V. and its subsidiaries.
A). Basis of preparation
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the European Union. 
They also comply with the financial reporting requirements 
included in Title 9 Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, as far as 
applicable.
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared 
on a historical cost basis, unless stated otherwise. They have 
also been prepared on the basis that the Group will continue 
to operate as a going concern.
B). Principles of consolidation and equity 
accounting
These Consolidated Financial Statements include the 
financial results of all subsidiaries in which entities in the 
Group have a controlling financial interest and it also 
incorporates the share of results from associates and joint 
ventures. The list of individual legal entities which together 
form the Group, is provided in Note 4. All transactions and 
balances between subsidiaries have been eliminated on 
consolidation. All transactions and balances with associates 
and joint ventures are reflected as related party transactions 
and balances (see Note 36).
(i) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities controlled by the Group. The 
Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has 
rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity 
and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to 
direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully 
consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to 
the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that 
control ceases.
Intergroup transactions, balances and unrealised gains and 
losses on transactions between companies within the Group 
are eliminated upon consolidation unless they provide 
evidence of impairment. Accounting policies of subsidiaries 
have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency 
with the policies adopted by the Group.
Non-controlling interest in the results and equity of 
subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated 
statement or profit or loss, statement of comprehensive 
income, statement of changes in equity and balance sheet 
respectively.
(ii) Associates and joint arrangements 
Associates are entities over which the Group has the ability to 
exercise significant influence, but does not control. Generally, 
8 Financial Statements
244


Page 247:
significant influence is presumed to exist when the Group 
holds 20% to 50% of the voting rights in an entity. Joint 
arrangements are joint operations or joint-ventures over 
which the Group, together with another party or several other 
parties, has joint control. Investments in associates and joint 
ventures are accounted for using the equity method of 
accounting.
Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are 
initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to 
recognise the group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or 
losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the group’s share 
of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee 
in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or 
receivable from associates and joint ventures are recognised 
as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment. 
When the group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted 
investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity, 
including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the 
group does not recognise further losses, unless it has 
incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other 
entity. Unrealised gains on transactions between the group 
and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the 
extent of the group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised 
losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides 
evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. 
Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been 
changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the 
policies adopted by the group. The carrying amount of equity-
accounted investments is tested for impairment.
C). Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the 
acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as 
the aggregate of the consideration transferred, which is 
measured at acquisition date fair value, and the amount of 
any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. For each 
business combination, the Group elects whether to measure 
the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at 
the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net 
assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred 
and included in administrative expenses.
The Group determines that it has acquired a business when 
the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and 
a substantive process that together significantly contribute 
to the ability to create outputs. When the Group acquires a 
business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities 
assumed for appropriate classification and designation in 
accordance with the contractual terms, economic 
circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition 
date. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities are 
measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. 
Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or as a 
financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are 
subsequently re-measured to fair value with changes in fair 
value recognised in profit or loss. 
The consideration transferred is measured at the fair value of 
any assets transferred, liabilities incurred and equity 
interests issued. The excess of the consideration transferred 
over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net 
assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. To the extent 
applicable, any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and 
the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest 
in the acquiree are added to consideration transferred for 
purposes of calculating goodwill. Goodwill is initially 
measured at cost. After initial recognition, goodwill is 
measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. 
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a 
business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated 
to each of the Group’s cash-generating units that are 
expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of 
whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are 
assigned to those units. Where goodwill has been allocated to 
a cash-generating unit (CGU) and part of the operation within 
that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the 
disposed operation is included in the carrying amount of the 
operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. 
Goodwill disposed in these circumstances is measured based 
on the relative values of the disposed operation and the 
portion of the cash-generating unit retained.
D). Segment reporting
Segments are reported in a manner consistent with how the 
business is operated and reviewed by the chief operating 
decision maker (CODM), who is responsible for allocating 
resources and assessing performance of the operating 
segments. The chief operating decision maker of the Group is 
the Extended Managing Board, comprising the Managing 
Board and permanent attendees of Senior Management. The 
organisation of the Group reflects the high level of 
mutualisation of resources across geographies and product 
lines. Operating results are monitored on a group-wide basis 
and, accordingly, the Group represents one operating 
segment and one reportable segment. Operating results 
reported to the Extended Managing Board are prepared on a 
measurement basis consistent with the reported 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
In presenting and discussing the Group’s financial position, 
operating results and net results, management uses certain 
Alternative performance measures not defined by IFRS. 
These Alternative performance measures (APMs) should not 
be viewed in isolation as alternatives to the equivalent IFRS 
measures and should be used as supplementary information 
in conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS 
measures. APMs do not have standardised meaning under 
IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar 
measures presented by other companies. The Group 
measures performance based on EBITDA1, as management 
believes that this measurement is most relevant in evaluating 
the operating results of the Group. This measure is included in 
the internal management reports that are reviewed by the 
CODM.
Reference is made to one of the below definitions, whenever 
the term ‘EBITDA’ is used throughout these Consolidated 
Financial Statements: 
▪ EBITDA1: 'Underlying' operating profit before 
'underlying' depreciation and amortisation (D&A), 
taking into account the lines described in the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss;
▪ EBITDA2: Profit before (i) interest expense, (ii) tax, 
(iii) any share of the profit of any associated 
company or undertaking, except for dividends 
received in cash by any member of the Group, (iv) 
non-underlying items included in operating profit 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 245

Page 248:
excluding D&A; and (v) depreciation and 
amortisation;
▪ EBITDA3: EBITDA as defined in the Share Purchase 
Agreements of the acquired companies involved.
E). Foreign currency transactions and translation
(i) Functional and presentation currency
These Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in 
Euro (EUR), which is the Group’s presentation currency. The 
functional currency of each Group entity is the currency of the 
primary economic environment in which the entity operates.
(ii) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are converted into the 
functional currency using the rate ruling at the date of the 
transactions. Foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from 
the settlement of such transactions and from the translation 
at year-end rates of monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the 
Income Statement.
Exceptions to this are where the monetary items form part of 
the net investment in a foreign operation or are designated as 
hedges of a net investment, in which case the exchange 
differences are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income.
(iii) Group companies
The results and financial position of Group entities that have a 
functional currency different from the presentation currency 
are converted into the presentation currency as follows:
▪ assets and liabilities (including goodwill) are 
converted at the closing balance sheet rate.
▪ income and expenses are translated at average 
exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable 
approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates 
prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case 
income and expenses are translated at the dates of 
the transactions); and
▪ all resulting exchange differences are recognised as 
currency translation adjustments within Other 
Comprehensive Income.
F). Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is carried at historical cost, 
less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated 
impairment loss. The cost of purchased property, plant and 
equipment is the value of the consideration given to acquire 
the assets and the value of other directly attributable costs. 
All repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as 
incurred.
Property, plant and equipment is depreciated on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, except 
land and construction in process assets, which are not 
depreciated. The estimated useful lives, which are reviewed 
annually and adjusted if appropriate, used by the Group in all 
reporting periods presented are as follows:
▪ Buildings (including leasehold improvements) 5 to 40 
years
▪ IT equipment  2 to 3 years
▪ Other equipment   5 to 12 years
▪ Fixtures and fittings 4 to 10 years
G). Leases
(i) Right-of-use assets
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the 
commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying 
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured 
at cost less any accumulated depreciation and if necessary 
any accumulated impairment. The cost of a right-of-use asset 
comprise the present value of the outstanding lease 
payments, any lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date less any lease incentives received, any 
initial direct costs and an estimate of costs to be incurred in 
dismantling or removing the underlying asset. If the lease 
transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee at 
the end of the lease term or if the cost of the right-of-use 
asset reflects that the lessee will exercise a purchase option, 
the right-of-use asset is depreciated to the end of the useful 
life of the underlying asset. Otherwise the right-of-use asset 
is depreciated to the end of the lease term.
(ii) Lease liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group 
recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of 
lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease 
payments include fixed payments (including in-substance 
fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable 
payments that depend on an index or rate and amounts 
expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The 
lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase 
option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and 
payments for penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease 
term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. 
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a 
rate are recognised as expense in the period on which the 
event or condition that triggers the payment occurs. In this 
context, the Group also applies the practical expedient that 
the payments for non-lease components are generally 
recognised as lease payments. In calculating the present 
value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental 
borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the 
interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. 
After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities 
is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced 
for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount 
of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a 
change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed 
lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase 
the underlying asset.
(iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition 
exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or 
less from the commencement date and do not contain a 
purchase option. It also applies the lease of low-value assets 
recognition exemption to leases of office IT equipment and 
other staff equipment that are of low value. Lease payments 
on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are 
recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term.
H). Goodwill and other intangible assets
(i) Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration 
transferred in a business combination over the Group’s share 
in the fair value of the net identifiable assets and liabilities of 
the acquired business at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is 
not amortised but is tested at least annually for impairment, 
8 Financial Statements
246


Page 249:
or whenever an event or change in circumstances indicate a 
potential impairment.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill arising in a 
business combination is allocated to the cash-generating 
units (CGUs) or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit 
from the synergies of the combination. Each CGU or CGU 
Group to which goodwill is allocated represents the lowest 
level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for 
internal management purposes.
The carrying value of a CGU Group is compared to its 
recoverable amount, which is the higher of its value in use and 
its fair value less costs of disposal. Impairment losses on 
goodwill are not subsequently reversed. Value in use is 
derived from the discounted future free cash flows of the CGU 
Group. Fair value less costs of disposal is based on 
discounted cash flows and market multiples applied to 
forecasted earnings. Cash flow projections are based on 
budget and business plan approved by management and 
covering a 2-year period in total. Cash flows beyond the 
business plan period are extrapolated using a perpetual 
growth rate. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment 
test are described in Note 18.
(ii) Internally generated intangible assets
An intangible asset is an identifiable non-monetary asset 
without physical substance. Such an asset is identifiable 
when it is separable, or when it arises from contractual or 
other legal rights.
Software development costs are capitalised only from the 
date when all of the following conditions are met:
▪ The technical feasibility of the development project 
is demonstrated
▪ It is probable that the project will be completed and 
will generate future economic benefits; and
▪ The project development costs can be reliably 
measured.
Capitalised software development costs are amortised on a 
straight-line basis over their useful lives, generally from 2 to 7 
years. Other development expenditures that do not meet 
these criteria, as well as software maintenance and minor 
enhancements, are expensed as incurred. 
(iii) Other intangible assets
Other intangible assets, which are acquired by the Group, are 
stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and 
accumulated impairment losses (if applicable). The estimated 
useful lives are as follows:
▪ Purchased software and licenses: 2-8 years
▪ Customer relationships:  11-40 years
▪ Brand names: Generally for brand names an 
indefinite useful life is assumed. For brand names 
with finite useful lives the expected useful life is up 
to 3 years.
I). Impairment of non-financial assets other than 
goodwill
Assets that are subject to amortisation and depreciation are 
reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to 
amortisation nor depreciation and are tested at least annually 
for impairment. An impairment loss is recognised for the 
amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of 
an asset’s fair value less costs to sell or value in use. For 
purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped into 
Cash Generating Units (CGUs). A CGU is the smallest 
identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that 
are largely independent from other groups of assets. Non-
financial assets, other than goodwill, that were previously 
impaired are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment 
at each reporting date.
J). Derivative financial instruments and hedging 
activities
(i) Initial recognition and measurement
The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as 
forward currency contracts and interest rate swaps, to hedge 
its foreign currency risk and interest rate risks. Such 
derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair 
value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered 
into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. 
Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value 
is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is 
negative.
For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as 
fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in 
the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an 
unrecognised firm commitment.
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally 
designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it 
wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management 
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge.
The documentation includes identification of the hedging 
instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being 
hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements 
(including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness 
and how the hedge ratio is determined). A hedging 
relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of 
the following effectiveness requirements:
• There is ‘an economic relationship’ between the 
hedged item and the hedging instrument.
• The effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value 
changes’ that result from that economic 
relationship.
• The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the 
same as that resulting from the quantity of the 
hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the 
quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group 
actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
The hedges relevant to the Group, that meet all the qualifying 
criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for, as described 
below:
Fair value hedges
The change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is 
recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The change in 
the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk 
hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value of the hedged 
item and is also recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 247

Page 250:
For fair value hedges relating to items carried at amortised 
cost, any adjustment to carrying value is amortised through 
profit or loss over the remaining term of the hedge using the 
Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method. The EIR amortisation 
may begin as soon as an adjustment exists and no later than 
when the hedged item ceases to be adjusted for changes in 
its fair value attributable to the risk being hedged.
If the hedged item is derecognised, the unamortised fair value 
is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
K). Financial instrument
(i) Classification and initial recognition
The Group classifies its financial instruments in the following 
measurement categories:
▪ Amortised cost
▪ Fair value through Other Comprehensive Income 
(FVOCI)
▪ Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
The classification depends on the Group’s business model for 
managing the financial instruments and the contractual terms 
of the cash flows. For instruments measured at fair value, 
gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or 
Other Comprehensive Income. For investments in equity 
instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on 
whether the group has made an irrevocable election at the 
time of initial recognition to account for the equity 
investment at fair value through Other Comprehensive 
Income (FVOCI).
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially 
recognised on their settlement date. Except for trade 
receivables, at initial recognition the Group measures a 
financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial 
asset not at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), 
transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of 
financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss. 
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in 
their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are 
solely payment of principal and interest. Trade receivables 
are initially measured at their transaction price if they do not 
contain a significant financing component in accordance with 
IFRS 15. 
(ii) Subsequent measurement
Financial assets at amortised cost
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows 
where those cash flows represent solely payments of 
principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. 
Interest income from these financial assets is measured 
using the effective interest rate method and is shown in 
finance income. Any gain or loss arising on de-recognition is 
recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other net 
financing results, together with foreign exchange gains and 
losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item 
in the statement of profit or loss, if material.
The Group’s financial assets at amortised cost include the 
Group’s trade and other receivables, loans and deposits 
included under (non-current) Financial assets at amortised 
cost, short-term deposits with a maturity of more than three 
months included under other current financial assets and 
cash and cash equivalents.
Financial assets at amortised cost - CCP clearing business
For financial assets from CCP clearing business all 
measurement effects are shown in net treasury income 
through CCP business.
This category includes clearing member trading balances 
relating to certain collateralised transactions, other 
receivables from clearing members of the CCP business and 
clearing member cash and cash equivalents, representing 
amounts received from the clearing members to cover initial 
and variation margins and default fund contributions that are 
not invested in bonds.
Financial assets at fair value through Other Comprehensive 
Income (FVOCI)
Debt instruments that are held for collection of contractual 
cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the 
assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and 
interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying 
amount are taken through Other Comprehensive Income, 
except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, 
interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which 
are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is 
derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously 
recognised in Other Comprehensive Income is reclassified 
from equity to profit or loss. Interest income from these 
financial assets is included in finance income using the 
effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and 
losses are presented in other net financing results and 
impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in 
the statement of profit or loss, if material. The Group’s debt 
instruments at FVOCI include the Group's investments in 
short-term listed bonds and government bonds (long-term 
and short-term) linked to Euronext Clearing's own funds.
Where the Group’s management has elected to present fair 
value gains and losses on equity investments in Other 
Comprehensive Income, there is no subsequent 
reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss 
following the de-recognition of the investment. Dividends 
from such investments will be recognised in profit or loss as 
results from equity investments when the Group’s right to 
receive payments is established, except when the Group 
benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost 
of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded 
in Other Comprehensive Income. The Group elected to 
classify irrevocably its unlisted equity securities that are held 
as long-term strategic investments that are not expected to 
be sold in the foreseeable future in this category.
Financial assets at fair value through Other Comprehensive 
Income (FVOCI) - CCP clearing business
This category includes the investments made in 
(predominantly) government bonds, that are funded by the 
margins and default funds deposited by members of the CCP 
clearing business. These investments are recognised in 'CCP 
clearing business assets'. Interest income and reclassified 
fair value gains/(losses) from these financial assets are shown 
in net treasury income through CCP business.
Financial assets at fair value through Profit or Loss (FVPL)
Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or 
FVOCI are measured at FVPL. Changes in the fair value of 
financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other net financing 
results in the statement of profit or loss as applicable.
Financial assets at fair value through Profit or Loss (FVPL) - 
CCP clearing business
This category includes clearing member trading balances 
comprising derivatives, equity and debt instruments that are 
8 Financial Statements
248


Page 251:
marked to market on a daily basis. In particular these include 
open transactions not settled at the reporting date on the 
derivatives market in which Euronext Clearing operates as a 
central counterparty. The fair valuation of such positions is 
determined on the market price of each individual financial 
instrument at closing of the reporting period.
As the amounts of clearing member trading assets and 
liabilities at FVPL are equally entered in both assets and 
liabilities, the fair valuation of both items does not lead to any 
net profit or loss in the income statement of the Group.
Financial liabilities at fair value through Profit or Loss (FVPL)
Liabilities that are held for trading are measured at FVPL. 
Changes in the fair value of financial liabilities at FVPL are 
recognised in other net financing results in the statement of 
profit or loss as applicable.
Financial liabilities at fair value through Profit or Loss (FVPL) 
- CCP clearing business
This category includes clearing member trading balances 
comprising derivatives, equity and debt instruments that are 
marked to market on a daily basis. In particular these include 
open transactions not settled at the reporting date on the 
derivatives market in which Euronext Clearing operates as a 
central counterparty. The fair valuation of such positions is 
determined on the market price of each individual financial 
instrument at closing of the reporting period.
As the amounts of clearing member trading assets and 
liabilities at FVPL are equally entered in both assets and 
liabilities, the fair valuation of both items does not lead to any 
net profit or loss in the income statement of the Group.
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
Financial liabilities that are not held for trading are generally 
accounted for at amortised cost. These instruments are 
measured using the effective interest rate method and 
interest expense is shown in finance costs. The Group’s 
financial liabilities at amortised cost include the Group’s trade 
and other payables, borrowings and lease liabilities.
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - CCP clearing business
For financial liabilities from CCP clearing business all 
measurement effects are shown in net treasury income 
through CCP business. This category includes as well CCP 
repurchase agreements and other payables to clearing 
members related to initial and variation margins and default 
fund contributions.
(iii) Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses 
(ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through 
profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the 
contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract 
and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, 
discounted at an approximation of the original effective 
interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows 
from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements 
that are integral to the contractual terms.
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for 
which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses 
that result from default events that are possible within the 
next 12-months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures 
for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit 
losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, 
irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).
For trade and contract receivables, the Group applies a 
simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group 
does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a 
loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. 
The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on 
its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-
looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic 
environment.
Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on 
equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported 
separately from other changes in fair value.
Further disclosures relating to impairment of financial assets 
are also provided in Note 37.5. Generally, the Group considers 
a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 
days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also 
consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or 
external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to 
receive the outstanding contractual amounts. A financial 
asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation 
of recovering the contractual cash flows.
(iv) Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and only the net 
amount is presented in the consolidated balance sheet when 
there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised 
amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to 
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
L). Trade receivables
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for 
services performed in the ordinary course of business. They 
are generally due for settlement within 30 days and therefore 
are all classified as current. Trade receivables are recognised 
initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional 
unless they contain significant financing components, when 
they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade 
receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash 
flows and therefore measures them subsequently at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method, less loss 
allowance.
At Nord Pool all trades are settled on the day of trading or on 
the following business day, with invoices and credit notes 
being dispatched in the afternoon. Financial settlement is due 
one working day after trading for net buyers and two working 
days after trading for net sellers. Variations in settlement 
cycle following variations in working days combined with 
variations in physical power prices traded on Nord Pool 
markets can give rise to significant fluctuations in trade 
receivables from period to period.
M). Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at banks, highly 
liquid investments with original maturities of three months or 
less and investments in money market funds that are readily 
convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to 
insignificant risk of changes in value.
N). Borrowings
Borrowings are initially recorded at the fair value of proceeds 
received, net of transaction costs. Subsequently, these 
liabilities are carried at amortised cost, and interest is 
charged to profit or loss over the period of the borrowings 
using the effective interest method. Accordingly, any 
difference between the proceeds received, net of transaction 
costs, and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 249

Page 252:
over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest 
rate method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities 
are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent 
that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn 
down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down 
occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable 
that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is 
capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and 
amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.
O). Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal 
or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is 
probable that an outflow of resources will be required to 
settle the obligation; and the amount can be reliably 
estimated. Restructuring provisions primarily comprise 
employee termination payments. Provisions are not 
recognised for future operating losses, unless there is an 
onerous contract. Provisions are measured at the present 
value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle 
the obligation using a pre-tax risk-free discount rate. The 
increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised 
as interest expense.
An onerous contract is a contract in which the unavoidable 
costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed 
the economic benefits expected to be received under it. The 
unavoidable costs under a contract reflect the least net cost 
of exiting from the contract, which is the lower of the cost of 
fulfilling it or any compensation or penalties arising from 
failure to fulfil it.
P). Trade and other payables
Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services 
that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business. 
Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value 
and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method.
At Nord Pool all trades are settled on the day of trading or on 
the following business day, with invoices and credit notes 
being dispatched in the afternoon. Financial settlement is due 
one working day after trading for net buyers and two working 
days after trading for net sellers. Variations in settlement 
cycle following variations in working days combined with 
variations in physical power prices traded on Nord Pool 
markets can give rise to significant fluctuations in trade 
payables from period to period.
Q). Post-employment benefits
The Group operates defined benefit pension schemes and 
defined contribution pension schemes. When the Group pays 
fixed contributions to a pension fund or pension insurance 
plan and the Group has no legal or constructive obligation to 
make further contributions, if the fund’s assets are 
insufficient to pay all pension benefits, the plan is considered 
to be a defined contribution plan. In that case, contributions 
are recognised as employee expense when they become due.
For the defined benefit schemes, the net asset or liability 
recognised on the balance sheet comprises the difference 
between the present value of the defined benefit pension 
obligation and the fair value of plan assets. A net asset is 
recognised only to the extent the Group has the right to 
effectively benefit from the plan surplus. The service cost, 
representing benefits accruing to employees in the period, 
and the net interest income or expense arising from the net 
defined benefit asset or liability are recorded within operating 
expenses in the Statement of Profit or Loss. Actuarial gains 
and losses arising from experience adjustments, changes in 
actuarial assumptions or differences between actual and 
expected returns on assets are recognised in equity as a 
component of Other Comprehensive Income. The impact of a 
plan amendment, curtailment or settlement is recognised 
immediately when it arises in profit or loss.
R). Share-based compensation
Certain employees of the Group participate in Euronext’s 
share-based compensation plans. Awards granted by 
Euronext under the plans are restricted stock units (RSUs). 
Under these plans, Euronext receives services from its 
employees as consideration for equity instruments of the 
group. As the awards are settled in shares of Euronext N.V., 
they are classified as equity settled awards.
The share-based compensation reflected in the Statement of 
Profit or Loss relates to the RSUs granted by Euronext to the 
Group’s employees. The equity instruments granted do not 
vest until the employee completes a specified period of 
service, typically three years. The grant-date fair value of the 
equity settled RSUs is recognised as compensation expense 
over the required vesting period, with a corresponding credit 
to equity.
Euronext has performance share plans, under which shares 
are conditionally granted to certain employees. The fair value 
of awards at grant date is calculated using market-based 
pricing, i.e. the fair value of Euronext shares. This value is 
expensed over their vesting period, with a corresponding 
credit to equity. The expense is reviewed and adjusted to 
reflect changes to the level of awards expected to vest, 
except where this arises from a failure to meet a market 
condition or a non-vesting condition in which case no 
adjustment applies.
S). Treasury shares
The Group reacquires its own equity instruments. Those 
instruments (‘treasury shares’) are deducted from equity. No 
gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, 
sale, issue or cancellation of an entity’s own equity 
instruments. Such treasury shares may be acquired and held 
by the entity or by other members of the consolidated group. 
Consideration paid or received is recognised directly in 
equity.
T). Revenue (from contracts with customers) and 
income
The Group is in the business of providing a diverse range of 
products and services combining transparent and efficient 
equity, fixed income securities and derivatives markets. The 
Group’s main businesses comprise listing, cash trading, 
derivatives trading, fixed income trading, spot FX trading, 
power trading, market data and indices, post-trade and 
market solutions & other. Revenue from contracts with 
customers is recognised when control of the good and 
services are transferred to the customer at an amount that 
reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be 
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Group 
has generally concluded that, except for the revenue sharing 
agreement with Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), it is principal 
in its revenue arrangements because it typically controls the 
goods or services before transferring them to the customer.
8 Financial Statements
250


Page 253:
The disclosures of significant accounting judgements, 
estimates and assumptions relating to revenue from 
contracts with customers are provided in section ‘Critical 
accounting estimates and assumptions’.
(i) Listing and Corporate services
Listing fees primarily consist of original listing fees paid by 
issuers to list securities on the various cash markets 
(admission fees), subsequent admission fees for other 
corporate actions (such as admission of additional securities) 
and annual listing fees paid by companies whose financial 
instruments are listed on the cash markets. The admission 
services around initial (and subsequent) admission and its 
directly related corporate action services are considered 
activities that the Group needs to undertake to enable the 
customer to be listed. These activities are combined with the 
ongoing listing services and are used as inputs to produce the 
combined output, which is the service of being listed. 
Consequently, revenue generated from this combined 
performance obligation is recognised based on time elapsed 
over the listing period, as this best reflects the continuous 
transfer of the listing services.
Corporate services revenues are earned from webcast 
solutions, board portal solutions, insider list management 
solutions and investor relationship management solutions. 
For corporate services that are provided to customers under 
an access license, revenue is recognised evenly over the 
contractual period of the license, as this best reflects the 
continuous benefit from the license by the customer 
throughout this period. For corporate services that are 
provided to customers on an event basis or under a ‘right-to-
use’ license, revenue will be recognised at the point in time of 
the event or acceptance of the license.
(ii) Trading
The Group earns cash trading fees for customer orders of 
equity securities and other cash instruments on the Group’s 
cash markets, earns derivative trading fees for the execution 
of trades of derivative contracts on the Group’s derivative 
markets and earns fixed income trading fees for the 
execution of trades of debt securities on the Group’s fixed 
income markets. Spot FX trading fees are earned for 
execution of trades of foreign exchange contracts on the 
FastMatch markets. Power trading fees are earned for 
execution of trades on Nord Pool’s day ahead and intraday 
physical energy markets. Customers obtain control over the 
service provided at execution of the trade. Revenue is 
recognised at that point in time. 
Membership and subscription fees for the Borsa Italiana 
Group markets are generally paid in advance on the first day 
of the membership or subscription period. The Group 
recognises revenue on a straight-line basis over the period to 
which the fee relates, as this best reflects the extent of the 
Group’s progress towards completion of the performance 
obligation under the contract.
(iii) Advanced data services
The Group charges clients on a per-user basis for the access 
to its real-time and proprietary market data information 
services. The Group also collects periodic license fees from 
clients for the right to distribute the Group data to third 
parties. Customers obtain control over the market data 
service provided during the period over which it has access to 
the data. Consequently revenue is recognised based on time 
elapsed over the market data access period, as the Group 
meets its obligation to deliver data consistently throughout 
this period.
The Group generates indices revenues from Index licensing 
fees, which gives customers the right to apply Euronext Index 
Trademark names in their products and ETFs. The nature of 
an index-license is considered a distinct ‘right-to-access’ 
license as the customer can reasonably expect the Group to 
undertake ongoing activities to support and maintain the 
value of its trademark names. Revenue generated from these 
licenses are therefore recognised evenly over the contractual 
period of the license, as this best reflects the continuous 
benefit from the license by the customer throughout this 
period.
(iv) Post trade
Post-trade revenue primarily include clearing, settlement and 
custody fees. Clearing fees are recognised when the clearing 
of the trading transaction is completed. Customers obtain 
control over the service provided at completion of clearing 
the securities, which is the only performance obligation. 
Revenue is recognised at that point in time. The Group earns 
clearing fees through the activities from its own clearing 
house CC&G SPA (Euronext Clearing) and through an 
agreement with LCH S.A. in which the latter is providing 
clearing service as a service provider, executing the service 
under control of the Group. The nature of the promise is the 
execution of a cleared trade on the Group’s trading platforms. 
The Group controls the services that are derived from that 
promise, before it is transferred to the customer. This makes 
the Group the principal in the transaction of providing clearing 
services to its customers and consequently the Group 
recognises its clearing revenue on a gross basis.
Settlement fees are recognised when the settlement of the 
trading transaction is completed. Customers obtain control 
over the service provided at completion of the settlement of 
the securities, which is the only performance obligation. 
Revenue is recognised at that point in time. Custody fees are 
recognised as the service of holding the customer’s securities 
in custody is performed. Revenue is recognised based on time 
elapsed over that period of time, as this best reflects the 
continuous transfer of services.
(v) Euronext Technologies & Other revenue
Euronext Technologies and other revenue include software 
license and maintenance services, IT (hosting) services 
provided to third-party market operators, connection 
services and data centre colocation services provided to 
market participants, and other revenue.
Software licenses that are distinct can be considered a ‘right-
to-use’ license, given the significant stand-alone functionality 
of the underlying intellectual property. Consequently revenue 
will be recognised at the point in time of acceptance of the 
software and the source code by the customer. For software 
licenses that are combined with a significant modification 
service, revenues are recognised over time, using the input 
method of labour hours spend during the significant 
modification period, as the Group has no alternative use for 
these combined performance obligations and would have an 
enforceable right to payment for performance completed to 
date. Revenue from software maintenance services are 
recognised evenly over the maintenance agreement period, 
as this best reflects the continuous transfer of maintenance 
services throughout the contract period.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 251

Page 254:
The Group delivers hosting services to customers that are 
using the software installed in the Euronext data centre to 
use the Group’s trading platforms. Installation services 
provided before the start of a hosting service do not include 
significant client customisation of the software installed in 
the Euronext data centre. The installation service itself does 
not transfer a good or service to the customer, but are 
required to successfully transfer the only performance 
obligation for which the customer has contracted, which is 
the hosting service. Revenue generated from this 
performance obligation is recognised evenly over the full 
service period of the hosting contract, as this best reflects 
the continuous transfer of hosting services to the customer.
Part of the connection services and data centre colocation 
services are provided under a revenue sharing agreement 
with Intercontinental Exchange (ICE). Euronext is providing 
ICE the right to provide services directly to Euronext 
customers, to which Euronext provides a continuous 
customer access to the relevant Euronext Group markets and 
as such, Euronext is arranging for the specified services to be 
provided by another party as an agent. Euronext customers 
connect to its markets via the ICE SFTI ® network or rent 
colocation space in the ICE data centres that house 
Euronext’s trading platforms. ICE receives fees from Euronext 
customers over the period of access to the SFTI ® network and 
over the colocation rental period. The Group recognises its 
revenue share over that same period of time, using the 
practical expedient provided in IFRS 15.B16 that allows an 
entity to recognise revenue in the amount to which it has the 
right to invoice. The entitled amount that Euronext invoices 
to ICE corresponds directly with the value that Euronext’s 
performance obligation has to ICE, which equals to the agreed 
commission.
As from the data centre migration in June 2022, revenues for 
connection services and data centre colocation services are 
also generated from Euronext's core data centre facility in 
Bergamo. Fees received for these services are recognised 
evenly over the customer's access period and colocation 
rental period, as this best reflects the continuous transfer of 
these services.
The Group also generates revenue from other connection 
services that trading members are using primarily for the 
purpose of placing their cash and derivatives trading orders. 
Members enter into contracts that generate access 
availability for placing trading orders (the active logon 
session). Customers obtain control over the service provided 
during the period of access to their active logon session. 
Revenue is recognised evenly over that period of time, as this 
best reflects the continuous transfer of technology services.
(vi) Net treasury income through CCP business
Income recognised in the CCP clearing businesses includes 
net treasury income earned on margin and default funds, held 
as part of the risk management process. Net treasury income 
is the result of interest earned on cash assets lodged with the 
clearing house, less interest paid to the members on their 
margin and default fund contributions. Net treasury income is 
shown separately from the Group’s revenues on the face of 
the income statement to distinguish this income stream from 
revenues arising from other activities and provide a greater 
understanding of the operating activities of the Group. Where 
negative interest rates apply, the Group recognises interest 
paid on cash assets as a treasury expense and interest 
received on clearing members’ margin as treasury income.
(vi) Other income
Other income is income not attributable to the typical 
business model of the Group. Other income primarily consists 
of transitional income from services provided by Borsa 
Italiana Group to London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) to 
facilitate the transition of ownership following the acquisition 
of Borsa Italiana Group. 
(vii) Contract balances
Receivables
A receivable represents the Group’s right to an amount of 
consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of 
time is required before payment of the consideration is due 
from the customer). The Group refers to billed receivables as 
trade receivables , whereas unbilled receivables are referred 
to as contract receivables by the Group.
Contract liabilities
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or 
services to a customer for which the Group has received 
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the 
customer. If a customer pays consideration before the Group 
transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract 
liability is recognised when the payment is made or the 
payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are 
recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the 
contract.
(viii) Significant financing component  
Generally, the Group does not expect to have any contracts 
where the period between the transfer of the promised goods 
or services to the customer and payment by the customer 
exceeds one year. The primary exception considers contracts 
containing listing services. As the payment for listing 
admission services appears upfront at the start of the 
contract, the period between revenue recognition from listing 
admission services and payment by the customer can exceed 
one year. However the Group determined that the payment 
terms were structured not with the primary purpose of 
obtaining financing from the customer, but to minimise the 
risk of non-payment as there is not a stated duration of the 
period of the listing. As a consequence, the Group does not 
adjust any of the transaction prices for the time value of 
money.
(viv) Cost to obtain or fulfil a contract
The Group does not incur material costs to obtain contracts 
such as sales commissions. Costs to fulfil a contract are costs 
that relate directly to a contract or a specifically anticipated 
contract, generate or enhance resources of the Group that 
will be used to satisfy future performance obligations, and are 
recoverable. Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised and 
amortised on a straight line basis over the term of the specific 
contract it relates to, consistent with the pattern of 
recognition of the associated revenue.
U). Non-underlying items
Non-underlying items are items of income and expense that 
are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and 
unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be 
incurred in the normal course of business and are classified 
as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement 
within their relevant category in order to provide further 
understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the 
Group.
Non-underlying items include:
8 Financial Statements
252


Page 255:
• Operating income and expense items which are material by 
their size and/or are infrequent and unusual by their nature, 
such as integration or double run costs of significant projects 
(one side of the cost to resource both the old and the new 
services within the project), restructuring costs and costs 
related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the 
Group.
• Non-operating income and expense items which are 
material by their size and/or are infrequent and unusual by 
their nature, such as one-off finance costs, gains or losses on 
sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments.
• Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are 
recognised as a result of acquisitions. These intangible 
assets mostly comprise customer relationships, brand names 
and software that were identified during purchase price 
allocation (PPA). This amortisation is presented as a non-
underlying item in order to provide more meaningful 
information regarding the Group’s sustainable performance.
• Tax related to non-underlying items.
V). Taxation
The income tax expense for the fiscal year is comprised of 
current and deferred income tax. Income tax expense is 
recognised in the Income Statements, except to the extent 
that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity. In this case, the income tax 
impact is also recognised in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity.
(i) Current income tax
The current income tax expense is calculated on the basis of 
the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance 
sheet date in the countries where the Group operates and 
generates taxable income. The Group recognises liabilities for 
uncertain tax treatment when it is not probable that the tax 
authorities will accept the tax treatment. The liabilities are 
measured through one of the following methods depending 
on which method is expected to best predict the resolution of 
the tax uncertainty:
a) The most likely amount – the single most likely 
amount in a range of possible outcomes. The most likely 
amount may better predict the resolution of the uncertainty if 
the possible outcomes are binary or are concentrated on one 
value.
b) The expected value – the sum of the probability-
weighted amounts in a range of possible outcomes. The 
expected value may better predict the resolution of the 
uncertainty if there is a range of possible outcomes that are 
neither binary nor concentrated on one value.
Estimated liabilities for uncertain tax treatments, along with 
estimates of interest and penalties, are presented within 
income taxes payable on the Balance Sheet and are included 
in current income tax expense in the Statement of Profit or 
Loss.
(ii) Deferred income tax
Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences 
arising between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amounts in these Consolidated Financial 
Statements. However, deferred income tax liabilities are not 
recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of 
goodwill. Deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises 
from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction, 
other than a business combination, that at the time of the 
transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or 
loss and at the time of the transaction, does not give rise to 
equal amounts of taxable and deductible temporary 
differences. If a transaction that is not a business 
combination gives rise to equal amounts of taxable and 
deductible differences, deferred taxation on the taxable  
temporary difference and the deductible temporary 
differences will be accounted for, which at initial recognition 
are equal and offset to zero (i.e. leases).
Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates that have 
been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet 
date and are expected to apply when the related deferred 
income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax 
liability is settled. Deferred income tax assets are recognised 
only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit 
will be available against which the temporary differences or 
tax losses can be utilised. Deferred income tax is provided on 
temporary differences arising from investments in 
subsidiaries and associates, except where the timing of the 
reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the 
Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not 
reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred income tax assets 
and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable 
right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities 
and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same 
taxation authority on the same taxable entity.
W). Non-current assets held for sale
The Group classifies non-current assets and disposal groups 
as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered 
principally through a sale transaction rather than through 
continuing use. Non-current assets and disposal groups 
classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their 
carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Costs to sell 
are the incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal 
of an asset (disposal group), excluding finance costs and 
income tax expense.
The criteria for held for sale classification is regarded as met 
only when the sale is highly probable and the asset or disposal 
group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. 
Actions required to complete the sale should indicate that it is 
unlikely that significant changes to the sale will be made or 
that the decision to sell will be withdrawn. Management must 
be committed to the plan to sell the asset and the sale 
expected to be completed within one year from the date of 
the classification.
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are not 
depreciated or amortised once classified as held for sale. 
Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented 
separately as current items in the statement of financial 
position.
X). Critical accounting estimates and 
assumptions
In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, 
management is required to make estimates and assumptions 
about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are 
not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and 
associated assumptions are based on historical experience 
and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual 
results may differ from these estimates. The estimates and 
underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. 
Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the 
period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 253

Page 256:
only that period or in the period of the revision and future 
periods if the revision affects both current and future 
periods.
The following critical assumptions concerning the future, and 
other critical sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of 
the reporting period, have a significant risk of causing a 
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year:
(i) Impairment of goodwill
The Group performs goodwill impairment reviews in 
accordance with the accounting policy described above in 
Note 18. The recoverable amount of a CGU Group is 
determined based on a discounted cash flow approach, which 
requires the use of estimates. The critical assumptions used 
and the related sensitivity analysis are described in Note 18.
(ii) Income taxes 
Due to the inherent complexities arising from the nature of 
the Group’s business, and from conducting business and 
being taxed in a substantial number of jurisdictions, critical 
assumptions and estimates are required to be made for 
income taxes. The Group computes income tax expense for 
each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. However, actual 
amounts of income tax due only become final upon filing and 
acceptance of the tax return by relevant authorities, which 
may not occur for several years subsequent to issuance of 
these Consolidated Financial Statements.
The estimation of income taxes also includes evaluating the 
recoverability of deferred income tax assets based on an 
assessment of the ability to use the underlying future tax 
deductions against future taxable income before they expire. 
This assessment is based upon existing tax laws and 
estimates of future taxable income. To the extent estimates 
differ from the final tax return, earnings may be affected in a 
subsequent period.
The Group operates in various countries with local tax 
regulations. New tax legislation being issued in certain 
territories as well as transactions that the Group enters into 
regularly result in potential tax exposures. The calculation of 
our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of 
complex tax laws. Our estimate for the potential outcome of 
any uncertain tax treatment is highly judgmental. However, 
the Group believes that it has adequately provided for 
uncertain tax treatments. Settlement of these uncertainties 
in a manner inconsistent with our expectations could have a 
material impact on our results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows. The Group recognises a liability for 
uncertain tax treatments when it is not probable that a 
taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. 
(iii) Fair value of equity investments
The Group holds investments in unlisted equity securities 
which are carried at fair value in the balance sheet. The 
valuation methodology and critical assumptions are 
described in Note 20 and 35.
(iv) Classification of investments in associates
The Group had classified the interest in LCH SA as an 
investment in associate suggesting significant influence even 
though it owned less than 20% of the voting rights (see Note 
7). The Group concluded that it had significant influence over 
this investment, which was derived from the governance 
structure that was put in place, the Group’s position as the 
largest customer and sole minority shareholder of LCH SA.
(v) Contingent consideration and buy options resulting 
from business combinations
The Group may structure its business combinations in a way 
that leads to recognition of contingent consideration to 
selling shareholders and/or buy options for equity held by 
non-controlling interests. Contingent consideration and buy 
options are recognised at fair value on acquisition date. When 
the contingent consideration or buy option meets the 
definition of a financial liability or financial instrument, it is 
subsequently re-measured to fair value at each reporting 
date. The determination of fair value is based on the expected 
level of EBITDA3 over the last 12 months that precede the 
contractual date (in case of contingent consideration) or 
exercise date of the underlying call- and put options (in case 
of buy option). The Group monitors the expected EBITDA3 
based on updated forecast information from the acquired 
companies involved.
(vi) Purchase price allocation
The cost of other intangible assets that are acquired in the 
course of business combinations, corresponds to their 
acquisition date fair values. Depending on the nature of the 
intangible asset, fair value is determined by application of:
▪ Market approach (by reference to comparable 
transactions)
▪ Income approach (Relief-from-Royalty- or Multi-
period Excess Earnings Method)
▪ Cost approach
Assets with a finite useful life are amortised using the 
straight-line method over their expected useful life. Assets 
with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment at least 
once a year.
(vii) Revenue from contracts with customers
The Group applied the following judgments that significantly 
affect the determination of the amount and timing of revenue 
from contracts with customers:
Identifying performance obligations and determining the timing 
of revenue recognition of Listing admission fees
The Group provides services related to the initial (and 
subsequent) listing of securities on its markets and hereto 
directly related corporate action services, and ongoing 
services related to the continuous listing.
The Group determined that the admission services around 
initial (and subsequent) admission and its directly related 
corporate action services do not transfer a good or service to 
the customer, but are considered activities that the Group 
needs to undertake to enable the customer to be listed. The 
Group concluded that these activities should be combined 
with the ongoing listing services and should be used as inputs 
to produce the combined output, which is the service of being 
listed. As the service of being listed is satisfied over a period 
of time, as the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes the benefits from the service, the related revenues 
are therefore recognised over a period of time.
The Group determined that the period of time that best 
reflects the satisfaction of listing admission services is the 
period over which the customer actually benefits from the 
admission. An average lifetime of companies being listed on 
Euronext markets would serve as best proxy for the period 
that a listing customer benefits from an admission. Specific 
local market characteristics can result and would justify 
8 Financial Statements
254


Page 257:
differences in amortisation terms. Based on historic 
evidence, the Group has defined the following average 
lifetimes for the relevant groupings of listed securities:
Equity admissions:    5-12 years
Bond- and fund admissions:   3 years
Equity subsequent admissions (follow-on’s): 3 years
Revenue from the listing admission services is therefore 
recognised over those periods of time.
Cost to obtain or fulfil a contract related to listing admission 
services 
The Group has considered the type of cost that is directly 
associated to a listing contract and that can be separately 
identifiable. Such cost would typically concern staff cost 
incurred by the Listings team involved in admission- and 
subsequent listing of an issuer. There is no correlation 
between number of listings and staff cost associated to the 
Listings team.
The majority of the cost to obtain and fulfil the contract is 
incurred in the period before the actual admission. The 
remaining cost associated to an admission and subsequent 
listing that is recorded post-admission, and its impact on the 
Group’s income statement, would be marginal, therefore the 
Group has decided not to capitalise cost incurred to obtain- or 
fulfil listing contracts.
Principal versus agent considerations
The Group entered into a clearing agreement with LCH SA in 
respect of the clearing of trades on Euronext continental 
Europe derivatives markets (the “Derivatives Clearing 
Agreement”). Under the terms of this Derivatives Clearing 
Agreement Euronext agreed with LCH SA to share revenues 
and receives clearing fee revenues based on the number of 
trades on these markets cleared through LCH SA. In exchange 
for that, Euronext has agreed to pay LCH SA a fixed fee plus a 
variable fee based on revenues.
The definition of the accounting treatment of this agreement 
required significant management judgment for the valuation 
and weighting of the indicators leading the principal versus 
agent accounting analysis. Based on all facts and 
circumstances around this arrangement, management has 
concluded that Euronext is ‘principal’ in providing Derivatives 
clearing services to its trading members. Therefore Euronext 
recognises (i) the clearing fees received as post trade 
revenues, and (ii) the fixed and variable fees paid to LCH SA as 
other operational expenses.
(viii) Provision for expected credit losses of trade and 
contract receivables
The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade 
and contract receivables. To measure expected credit losses, 
trade and contract receivables have been grouped based on 
shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The 
historical loss rates are based on the payment profiles of the 
sales over a period of 24 months before reporting date and 
the corresponding historical credit loss experience within this 
period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect 
current and forward-looking factors specific to the debtors 
and economic environment.
The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical 
observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to 
adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-
looking information. At every reporting date, the historical 
observed default rates are updated and changes in the 
forward-looking estimates are analysed.
The assessment of the correlation between historical 
observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and 
ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is 
sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast 
economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss 
experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not 
be representative of customer’s actual default in the future. 
The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade and 
contract receivables is disclosed in Note 37.5.1
(ix) Determining the lease term of contracts with 
extension and termination options
In determining the lease term, management assesses the 
period for which the contract is enforceable. It considers all 
facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive 
to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination 
option. Extension options (or periods after termination 
options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is 
reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). If the 
Group concludes that the contract is enforceable beyond the 
notice period of a cancellable lease (or the initial period of a 
renewable lease), it then need to assess whether the Group is 
reasonably certain not to exercise the option to terminate the 
lease. However in general, the Group’s lease portfolio 
contains very limited leases that include renewal -or 
termination options.
(x) Estimating the incremental borrowing rate (IBR)
The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit 
in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental borrowing rate 
(IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of 
interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a 
similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary 
to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset 
in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects 
what the Group ‘would have to pay’, which requires estimation 
when no observable rates are available or when they need to 
be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. 
The Group estimates the IBR using the observable inputs 
(such as market interest rates) when available and makes 
certain entity-specific estimates if needed.
(xi) Internally developed software costs
The Group develops various software applications for internal 
use. Development costs for self-developed intangible assets 
are capitalized if the applicable criteria of IAS 38 are fulfilled. 
Development costs that do not satisfy the requirements for 
capitalization are expensed as incurred. Capitalised own 
software development costs are amortized over the useful 
economic life of the asset and charged on a straight line basis 
to the income statement. The useful lives are management’s 
best estimate of the period over which value from the asset is 
realized. In determining the useful lives, management 
considers a number of factors including: expected usage by 
the entity of the asset, product upgrade cycles for software 
and technology assets and the level of maintenance required 
to maintain the asset’s operating capability.
Y). Changes in accounting policies and 
disclosures
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) 
continues to issue new standards and interpretations, and 
amendments to existing standards. The Group applies these 
new standards when effective and endorsed by the European 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 255

Page 258:
Union. The Group has not opted for early adoption for any of 
these standards.
(i) New and amended standards and interpretations
The Group has applied the following standards and 
amendments for the first time for their annual reporting 
period commencing 1 January 2023.
IFRS 17 - Insurance Contracts
In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (IFRS 
17), a comprehensive new accounting standard for insurance 
contracts covering recognition and measurement, 
presentation and disclosure. This standard does not affect 
the Group.
Amendments to IAS 8 - Definition of Accounting Estimates
In February 2021, the IASB issued amendments to IAS 8, in 
which it introduces a definition of ‘accounting estimates’. The 
amendments clarify the distinction between changes in 
accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies and 
the correction of errors. Also, they clarify how entities use 
measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting 
estimates. The amendments had no impact on the Group.
Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 - 
Disclosure of Accounting Policies
In February 2021, the IASB issued amendments to IAS 1 and 
IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements, in 
which it provides guidance and examples to help entities 
apply materiality judgements to accounting policy 
disclosures. The amendments aim to help entities provide 
accounting policy disclosures that are more useful by 
replacing the requirement for entities to disclose their 
‘significant’ accounting policies with a requirement to 
disclose their ‘material’ accounting policies and adding 
guidance on how entities apply the concept of materiality in 
making decisions about accounting policy disclosures.
The amendments had no material impact on the Group’s 
disclosures of accounting policies. The amendments had no 
impact on the measurement, recognition or presentation of 
any items in the Group’s financial statements.
Amendment to IAS 12 - Deferred Tax related to Assets and 
Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
The amendments clarify that the initial recognition exemption 
does not apply to transactions in which equal amounts of 
deductible and taxable temporary differences arise on initial 
recognition. The amendments had no impact on the Group.
International Tax Reform—Pillar Two Model Rules – 
Amendments to IAS 12
The amendments to IAS 12 have been introduced in response 
to the OECD’s BEPS Pillar Two rules and include:
• A mandatory temporary exception to the recognition and 
disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the jurisdictional 
implementation of the Pillar Two model rules; and
• Disclosure requirements for affected entities to help users 
of the financial statements better understand an entity’s 
exposure to Pillar Two income taxes arising from that 
legislation, particularly before its effective date.
The mandatory temporary exception – the use of which is 
required to be disclosed – applies immediately. The remaining 
disclosure requirements apply for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023, but not for any interim 
periods ending on or before 31 December 2023. 
The Group has disclosed the impact of the amendments in 
Note 15.
(ii) Future implications of new and amended standards 
and interpretations not yet adopted
The new and amended standards and interpretations that are 
issued, but not yet effective, up to the date of issuance of the 
Group’s financial statements are disclosed below. The Group 
intends to adopt these new and amended standards and 
interpretations, if applicable, when they become effective.
Amendments to IAS 1 - Classification of Liabilities as 
Current or Non-current
In January 2020, the IASB issued amendments to paragraphs 
69 to 76 of IAS 1 to specify the requirements for classifying 
liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments clarify:
• What is meant by a right to defer settlement
• That a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting 
period
• That classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an 
entity will exercise its deferral right
• That only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability 
is itself an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not 
impact its classification
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and must be applied 
retrospectively. The Group is currently assessing the impact 
the amendments will have on current practice.
Amendments to IAS 1 - Non-current Liabilities with 
Covenants
In October 2022, the IASB issued Non-current Liabilities with 
Covenants, which amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial 
Statements. The amendments: 
• Modify the requirements introduced by 'Classification of 
Liabilities as Current or Non-current' on how an entity 
classifies debt and other financial liabilities as current or non-
current in particular circumstances: Only covenants with 
which an entity is required to comply on or before the 
reporting date affect the classification of a liability as current 
or non-current. In addition, an entity has to disclose 
information in the notes that enables users of financial 
statements to understand the risk that non-current liabilities 
with covenants could become repayable within twelve 
months. 
• Defer the effective date of the 2020 amendments to 1 
January 2024.
The amendments are effective for reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2024. The amendments are 
applied retrospectively and earlier application is permitted. 
The Group is currently assessing the impact that the 
amendments will have on current practice.
Amendments to IFRS 16: Lease Liability in a Sale and 
Leaseback
In October 2022, the IASB issued Non-current Liabilities with 
Covenants, which amended IAS In September 2022, the IASB 
issued amendments to IFRS 16 to specify the requirements 
that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability 
arising in a sale and leaseback transaction, to ensure the 
8 Financial Statements
256


Page 259:
seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or 
loss that relates to the right of use it retains.
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and must applied 
retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered 
into after the date of initial application of IFRS 16. Earlier 
application is permitted and that fact must be disclosed. The 
amendments are not expected to have a material impact on 
the Group.
Supplier Finance Arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and 
IFRS 7
In May 2023, the IASB issued amendments to IAS 7 Statement 
of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures 
to clarify the characteristics of supplier finance 
arrangements and require additional disclosure of such 
arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the 
amendments are intended to assist users of financial 
statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance 
arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and 
exposure to liquidity risk. The amendments will be effective 
for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2024. Early adoption is permitted, but will need to be 
disclosed. The amendments are not expected to have a 
material impact on the Group.
There are no other IFRS’s or IFRIC interpretations not yet 
effective, that would be expected to have a material impact 
on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on 
foreseeable future transactions.
Note 4. Group information
The following table provides an overview of the Group’s subsidiaries, associates, joint-ventures and non-current investments:
Ownership
Subsidiaries Domicile
As at 31 
December
2023
As at 31 
December
2022
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. The Netherlands  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Brussels S.A./N.V. Belgium  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext IP & IT Holding B.V. The Netherlands  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Hong Kong Limited (g) Hong Kong  0.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Lisbon S.A. (a) Portugal  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext London Ltd. United Kingdom  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Paris S.A. France  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Technologies S.A.S. France  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Technologies Unipessoal Lda. Portugal  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Technologies S.r.l. Italy  100.00%  100.00% 
Interbolsa S.A. (b),(c) Portugal  100.00%  100.00% 
The Irish Stock Exchange Plc. (d) Ireland  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Corporate Services B.V. The Netherlands  100.00%  100.00% 
Company Webcast B.V. The Netherlands  100.00%  100.00% 
iBabs B.V. The Netherlands  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Corporate Services UK Ltd. United Kingdom  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Corporate Services Sweden AB Sweden  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext US Inc. United States  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Market Services LLC United States  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Markets Americas LLC United States  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext FX Inc. United States  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Markets Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext UK Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom  100.00%  100.00% 
Commcise Software Ltd. United Kingdom  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext India Private Limited India  100.00%  100.00% 
Oslo Børs ASA Norway  100.00%  100.00% 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS") (c) Norway  100.00%  100.00% 
Fish Pool ASA Norway  97.00%  97.00% 
NOTC AS (e) Norway  0.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Nordics Holding AS Norway  100.00%  100.00% 
Nord Pool Holding AS Norway  66.00%  66.00% 
Nord Pool AS Norway  66.00%  66.00% 
Nord Pool Finland Oy Finland  66.00%  66.00% 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 257

Page 260:
Nord Pool AB Sweden  66.00%  66.00% 
Nord Pool European Market Coupling Operator AS Norway  66.00%  66.00% 
Euronext Corporate Services Finland Oy Finland  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Corporate Services France S.A.S. France  100.00%  100.00% 
VP Securities AS (c) Denmark  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Italy Merger  S.r.l. (m) Italy  0.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Italy Merger 2 S.r.l. (m) Italy  100.00%  0.00% 
Euronext Holding Italia S.p.A. Italy  100.00%  100.00% 
GATElab S.r.l. Italy  100.00%  100.00% 
GATElab Ltd. United Kingdom  100.00%  100.00% 
Bit Market Services S.p.A. (g) Italy  99.99%  99.99% 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. Italy  99.99%  99.99% 
Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A. (f) Italy  99.99%  99.99% 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. (c) Italy  98.92%  98.92% 
MTS S.p.A. (h) Italy  63.14%  62.52% 
Marche de Titres France SAS (h) France  63.14%  62.52% 
Euro MTS Ltd. (h) United Kingdom  63.14%  62.52% 
Elite S.p.A. Italy  74.99%  74.99% 
Elite Club Deal Ltd. (g) United Kingdom  0.00%  74.99% 
Elite SIM S.p.A. Italy  74.99%  74.99% 
Euronext Corporate Services GmbH Germany  100.00%  100.00% 
Euronext Corporate Services S.r.l. Italy  100.00%  100.00% 
Stichting Euronext Foundation (i) The Netherlands  0.00%  0.00% 
Associates Domicile
LCH SA (j) France  0.00%  11.10% 
Tokeny S.a.r.l. (k) Luxembourg  0.00%  18.93% 
ATS Advanced Technology Solutions S.p.A. Italy  30.00%  30.00% 
MTS Associated Markets SA Belgium  23.00%  23.00% 
Joint Ventures Domicile
LiquidShare S.A. (g) France  16.23%  16.23% 
FinansNett Norge Norway  50.00%  50.00% 
Non-current investments Domicile
Sicovam Holding S.A. France  9.60%  9.60% 
Euroclear S.A./N.V. Belgium  3.53%  3.53% 
EuroCTP B.V. (l) The Netherlands  18.95%  0.00% 
Nordic Credit Rating AS Norway  5.00%  5.00% 
Association of National Numbering Agencies Belgium  2.20%  2.20% 
Investor Compensation Company Designated Activity Company Ireland  33.30%  33.30% 
(a) Legal name of Euronext Lisbon S.A. is Euronext Lisbon - Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A.
(b) Legal name of Interbolsa S.A. is Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidaçao e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A.
(c) Interbolsa S.A., Verdipapirsentralen ASA, VP Securities AS and Monte Titoli S.p.A. respectively operate under the business names "Euronext 
Securities Porto", "Euronext Securities Oslo", "Euronext Securities Copenhagen" and "Euronext Securities Milan".
(d) The Irish Stock Exchange plc. operates under the business name Euronext Dublin.
(e) In 2023, NOTC AS has merged into Oslo Børs ASA.
(f) Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A.operates under the business name "Euronext Clearing".
(g) Euronext Hong Kong limited and Elite Club Deal Ltd. were liquidated in 2023 and Bit Market Services S.p.A. and LiquidShare S.A. were under 
liquidation as at 31 December 2023. LiquidShare S.A. was ultimately liquidated in January 2024.
(h) On 21 November 2023, the Group acquired an additional interest of 0.62% in MTS S.p.A. (and its subsidiaries).
(i) Stichting Euronext Foundation is not owned by the Group but included in the scope of consolidation.
(j) On 6 July 2023, the Group sold its 11.1% interest in associate LCH SA to LCH Group Ltd for consideration of €111.0 million.
(k) On 1 December 2023, the Group sold its 18.93% interest in associate Tokeny S.a.r.l. for an amount of  €11.4 million.
(l) In 2023, the Group acquired an 18.95% equity interest in EuroCTP B.V. (incorporated on 23 August 2023).
(m) In 2023, Euronext Italy Merger  S.r.l. was liquidated and Euronext Italy Merger  S.r.l. 2 was incorporated.
8 Financial Statements
258


Page 261:
Note 5. Business combinations and acquisition of non-controlling interests
No new business combinations occurred during the year 
ended 31 December 2023. The only impact from business 
combinations during the year related to the finalisation of the 
purchase price allocation of the acquired technology 
businesses of Nexi S.p.A., which impact is further described 
below.
5.1 Acquisition of Nexi S.p.A. technology 
businesses 
On 1 December 2022, the Group acquired the technology 
businesses of Nexi S.p.A., an Italian bank specialised in 
payment systems, currently powering MTS and Euronext 
Securities Milan. The purchase price for this business 
acquisition approximated €57 million (on a debt free, cash 
free basis).
In 2023, the Group finalised the purchase price allocation of 
the acquired technology businesses of Nexi S.p.A. 
The initial book values of the net assets acquired were 
considered not material from a Euronext Group perspective. 
The Group identified €10.1 million of software intangible 
assets and €3.2 million of customer relationships as part of 
the purchase price allocation, which were subsequently 
offset in goodwill (see Note 18).
5.2. Acquisition of additional interest in MTS S.p.A.
On 21 November 2023, the Group acquired an additional 
interest of 0.62% of the shares in MTS S.p.A., increasing the 
Group's ownership in MTS S.p.A. to 63.14% (2022: 62.52%).
Cash consideration of €2.5 million was paid to the non-
controlling shareholders, which was recognised directly 
against shareholders’ equity.
The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interest 
of €1.6 million, reflecting the carrying amount of non-
controlling interest acquired.
The difference of €0.9 million was recognised in retained 
earnings.
Note 6. Non-controlling interests (NCI)
Financial information of subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interest is provided below.
Proportion of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:
Name of entity Place of business / country of Incorporation
% of ownership interest held by NCI
2023 2022
% %
Nord Pool Holding AS Norway 34.00 34.00
MTS S.p.A. Italy 36.86 37.48
The summarised financial information of these subsidiaries is provided below. This information is based on amounts before inter-
company eliminations.
Summarised balance sheet Nord Pool Holding AS MTS S.p.A
(In thousands of euros)
31 Dec
2023
31 Dec
2022
31 Dec
2023
31 Dec
2022
Current assets  172,104  159,574  80,353  51,113 
Current liabilities  136,028  131,173  23,477  33,192 
Current net assets  36,076  28,401  56,876  17,921 
Non-current assets  20,698  26,084  354,368  358,026 
Non-current liabilities  3,508  5,137  73,585  74,355 
Non-current net assets  17,190  20,947  280,783  283,671 
Net assets  53,266  49,348  337,659  301,592 
Accumulated NCI  18,110  16,778  124,480  113,022 
Summarised statement of comprehensive income Nord Pool Holding AS MTS S.p.A
(In thousands of euros) 2023 2022 2023 2022
Revenue  47,890  42,156  91,485  79,073 
Profit for the year  15,164  7,141  41,797  26,505 
OCI  21  (180)  44  65 
Total comprehensive income  15,185  6,961  41,841  26,570 
Profit / (loss) allocated to NCI  5,156  2,428  15,410  9,934 
Dividends paid to NCI  2,821  2,251  2,226  8,345 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 259

Page 262:
Summarised cash flow information Nord Pool Holding AS MTS S.p.A
(In thousands of euros) 2023 2022 2023 2022
Cash flow from operating activities  31,186  (18,723)  63,088  665 
Cash flow from investing activities  (1,017)  (1,393)  (34,286)  38,423 
Cash flow from financing activities  (8,934)  (7,343)  (10,105)  (4,484) 
Non-cash exchange gains/ (losses)  (8,281)  (15,811)  —  — 
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  12,954  (43,270)  18,697  34,604 
Note 7. Investments in associates and joint ventures
7.1. Interests in associates and joint ventures
Set out below are the associates and joint ventures of the 
Group as at 31 December 2023. The country of incorporation 
or registration is also their principal place of business, and 
the proportion of ownership interest is the same as the 
proportion of voting rights held.
Name of entity
Place of business / country of 
Incorporation
% of ownership 
interest Nature of 
relationship
Carrying amount 
(In thousands of 
euros
2023 2022 2023 2022
% %
LCH SA France  —%  11.1% Associate (a)  —  70,563 
Immaterial joint ventures  230  348 
Immaterial associates  1,099  1,098 
Total equity accounted investments  1,329  72,009 
(a) LCH SA is a Continental European clearing house, offering clearing services for a diverse range of asset classes. As described in Note 3, the Group 
determined that it had significant influence over LCH SA  even though it only held 11.1% of the voting rights. On 6 July 2023, the Group sold its 11.1% 
interest in LCH SA to LCH Group Ltd for consideration of €111.0 million (see Note 14).
7.2 Commitments and contingent liabilities in 
respect of associates and joint ventures
The Group has no outstanding contingent liabilities with 
respect to its associates or joint ventures.
7.3 Summarised financial information for 
associates and joint ventures
The tables below provide summarised financial information 
for those associates and joint ventures that are material to 
the Group. The information disclosed reflects the amounts 
presented in the financial statements of the relevant 
associates or joint ventures and not Euronext’s share of those 
amounts. They have been amended to reflect adjustments 
made by the entity when using the equity method, including 
fair value adjustments and modifications for differences in 
accounting policy. 
On 6 July 2023, the Group sold its 11.1% interest in LCH SA to 
LCH Group Ltd. Therefore, only the comparative financial 
information is disclosed.
8 Financial Statements
260


Page 263:
Summarised balance sheet LCH SA
(In thousands of euros)
31 Dec
2023
31 Dec
2022
Non-current assets  —  141,920 
Current assets  —  579,389,798 
Non-current liabilities  —  (6,900) 
Current liabilities  —  (579,051,100) 
Net assets  —  473,718 
Reconciliation to carrying amounts:
Opening net assets 1 January  —  439,900 
Adjustments  —  (4,782) 
Profit/(loss) for the year (a)  —  101,700 
Other comprehensive income  —  (3,184) 
Dividends paid  —  (59,916) 
Closing net assets  —  473,718 
Group's share in %  —%  11.1% 
Group's share in thousands of euros  —  52,583 
Goodwill  —  17,980 
Carrying amount  —  70,563 
(a) In 2023, LCH SA contributed a €6.6 million profit (2022: €10.4 million) to the line ‘Share of net profit/(loss) of associates and joint ventures 
accounted for using the equity method, and impairments thereof’ in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
Summarised statement of comprehensive income LCH SA
(In thousands of euros) 2023 2022
Revenue  —  204,100 
Profit from continuing operations  —  101,700 
Profit from discontinued operations  —  — 
Profit for the year  —  101,700 
Other comprehensive income  —  (3,184) 
Total comprehensive income  —  98,516 
Dividends received from associates  —  6,748 
7.4 Individually immaterial associates and joint 
ventures
In addition to the interest in material associates and joint 
ventures disclosed above, the Group also has interests in 
individually immaterial associates and individually immaterial 
joint ventures, that are all accounted for using the equity 
method.
Individually immaterial associates 
The Group had an 18.93% interest in Tokeny S.a.r.l., a 
tokenisation platform that provides users end-to-end 
solutions to issue, manage and transfer tokenised securities 
on public blockchain. On 1 December 2023, the Group sold its 
interest in Tokeny S.a.r.l. (see Note 2).
The Group has an 23.0% interest in MTS Associated Markets 
S.A., offering an electronic trading platform for sovereign 
securities (e.g. government bonds). 
In addition, the Group has an 30% interest in ATS Advanced 
Technology Solutions S.p.A., which line of business includes 
designing, developing, and producing prepackaged computer 
software.
(In thousands of euros) 2023 2022
Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates  1,099  1,098 
Aggregate amounts of the group's share of:
Profit/(loss) from continuing operations  13  49 
Post-tax profit or loss from discontinued operations  —  — 
Other comprehensive income  —  — 
Total comprehensive income  13  49 
Individually immaterial joint ventures
The Group has an interest of 50% in joint venture FinansNett 
Norge AS, a company offering data communications through 
a metropolitan area network (MAN) in Oslo. This network 
provides communication services for use by backup and 
disaster recovery solutions as used by brokers and other 
participants in the financial sector.
In addition, the Group (sharing joint control with the other 
founders) has an interest of 16.23% in LiquidShare SAS, a 
fintech joint venture with the objective to improve SME’s 
access to capital markets and improving the transparency 
and security of post-trading operations using blockchain 
technology. In 2022, following indications of a deteriorated 
future cash flow situation and Board decision to propose to 
the Shareholders meeting to liquidate the entity, the 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 261

Page 264:
investment in joint venture LiquidShare was impaired by €1.5 
million to zero value. The company was liquidated in January 
2024. 
(In thousands of euros) 2023 2022
Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial joint ventures  230  348 
Aggregate amounts of the group's share of:
Profit/(loss) from continuing operations  (92)  (142) 
Post-tax profit or loss from discontinued operations  —  — 
Other comprehensive income  —  — 
Total comprehensive income  (92)  (142) 
Note 8. Revenue and income
8.1 Revenue from contracts with customers
8.1.1 Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with 
customers
Substantially all of the Group’s revenues are considered to be 
revenues from contracts with customers. At 31 December 
2023 and 2022, there were no customers that individually 
exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue.
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers:
Year ended
31 December
Timing of revenue recognition Year ended
31 December
Timing of revenue recognition
In thousands of euros Product or service transferred Product or service transferred
Major revenue stream 2023
at a point in 
time over time 2022
at a point in 
time over time
Listing  220,642  15,763  204,879  218,380  14,989  203,391 
of which
Primary listing services and other  175,189  4,421  170,768  178,868  4,280  174,588 
Corporate services  45,454  11,342  34,112  39,512  10,709  28,803 
Trading revenue  490,008  472,910  17,097  514,125  491,609  22,516 
of which
Cash trading  265,439  264,039  1,400  301,714  295,330  6,384 
Derivatives trading  54,168  52,720  1,448  58,380  56,743  1,637 
Fixed income trading  107,425  93,176  14,249  92,951  78,456  14,495 
FX trading  25,556  25,556  —  28,406  28,406  — 
Power trading  37,420  37,420  —  32,674  32,674  — 
Investor services  11,375  —  11,375  9,596  —  9,596 
Advanced data services  224,774  1,306  223,469  212,053  1,523  210,530 
Post-trade  370,183  205,697  164,486  364,519  206,701  157,818 
of which
Clearing  121,283  121,283  —  121,393  121,393  — 
Custody & Settlement and other  248,900  84,414  164,486  243,126  85,308  157,818 
Euronext Technology solutions & other 
revenue
 109,894  624  109,270  100,101  1,020  99,081 
Total revenue from contracts with 
customers
 1,426,876  696,300  730,576  1,418,774  715,842  702,932 
The significant movements in revenues from contracts with 
customers during the year, related to the following:
■ Cash -and derivatives trading revenue decreased by 
€32.5 million, which is due to a drop in trading 
volumes when compared to prior period that 
included a highly volatile first quarter, driven by the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine.
■ Fixed income trading revenue increased by €14.5 
million, which is almost fully attributable to the MTS 
S.p.A. bond trading platform and driven by 
increasing interest rates and supportive market 
volatility in 2023.
■ Advanced data services revenues increased by €12.7 
million, which is driven by a strong performance of 
the core data business.
■ Technology solutions and other revenue increased 
by €9.8 million, which is driven by the internalisation 
of the colocation activity following the migration of 
Euronext’s Core Data Centre to Bergamo.
Set out below is the geographical information of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers:
8 Financial Statements
262


Page 265:
In thousands of euros France Italy
Nether 
lands
United 
Kingdom Belgium Portugal Ireland
United 
States Norway Sweden Denmark Finland Germany Total
2023
Revenue from contracts 
with customers (a) 366,155 474,402 175,667 9,603 29,821 36,151 37,592 28,614 187,576 4,790 75,966 484 55  1,426,876 
2022
Revenue from contracts 
with customers (a) 375,945 436,696 184,858 8,029 31,039 34,604 39,104 31,266 199,507 4,137 73,069 520 —  1,418,774 
(a) Cash trading, Derivatives trading, Clearing and Advanced data services revenues are attributed to the country where the exchange is domiciled. 
Revenues from other categories are attributed to the billing entity.
8.1.2 Contract balances
The Group has recognised the following assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers:
In thousands of euros
31 December
2023
31 December
2022
1 January
2022
Trade receivables (Note 21)  262,975  271,829  290,726 
Contract receivables (Note 21)  29,259  32,096  24,695 
Contract liabilities (Note 33)  139,299  138,983  150,822 
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally 
due on terms of 30 to 90 days and represent amounts in 
respect of billed revenue, for which the Group has an 
unconditional right to consideration (i.e. only the passage of 
time is required before payment of the consideration is due). 
Trade receivables decreased by €8.9 million, which is mainly 
attributable to less invoicing of volume related revenues 
driven by a drop in volatility when compared to prior period.
Contract receivables represent amounts in respect of unbilled 
revenue, for which the Group has an unconditional right to 
consideration (i.e. only the passage of time is required before 
payment of the consideration is due). Contract receivables 
decreased by €2.8 million, which is mainly attributable to less 
accrued income at Borsa Italiana Group.
In 2023, €8.6 million (2022: €7.4 million) was recognised as 
provision for expected credit losses on trade and contract 
receivables. The increase in loss allowance provision, was 
primarily due to increased risk on specific debtors.
Contract liabilities primarily relate to received consideration 
(or an amount of consideration is due) from customers for the 
initial (or subsequent) listing of equity securities, bond 
lifetime fees, indices licenses, software maintenance & 
hosting and corporate services. In 2023, contract liabilities 
remained relatively stable with a slight increase of €0.3 
million.
Revenue recognised in the reporting period that was included 
in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period 
amounted to €70.2 million (2022: €74.8 million). The amount 
of revenue recognised in the reporting period from 
performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in 
previous periods was considered not material (2022: not 
material).
8.1.3 Performance obligations
Information about the Group’s performance obligations are 
described in Note 3 ‘Accounting policies and judgements’. 
The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance 
obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) are as follows:
In thousands of euros
31 December
2023
31 December
2022
Within one year  81,082  76,855 
More than one year  66,874  72,595 
Total  147,956  149,450 
The remaining performance obligations expected to be 
recognised in more than one year primarily relate to the initial 
(or subsequent) listing of equity securities and bond lifetime 
fees which are recognised over the related listing period. 
Other performance obligations included in this category are 
software maintenance & hosting contracts, market data and 
Indices license contracts and corporate services license 
contracts. The increase in remaining performance obligations 
to be satisfied within one year is primarily linked to an 
increased contract portfolio at corporate services business. 
The decrease in remaining performance obligations to be 
satisfied in more than one year is related to a declining listing 
admission fees balance, as a result of less IPOs in 2023. 
Furthermore, the shrinking term of certain long-term 
technology solutions contacts over time also contributes to 
the decrease.
8.2 Net treasury income through CCP business
Income recognised in the CCP clearing business executed by 
Euronext Clearing includes net treasury income earned on 
margin and default funds, held as part of the risk management 
process.
For the year ended 31 December 2023, 'underlying' net 
treasury income through CCP business amounted to €46.7 
million (2022: €44.0 million) and is the result of gross interest 
income of €785.4 million (2022: €60.9 million), less gross 
interest expense of €738.7 million (2022: €16.8 million) (see 
Note 35). In a context of positive interest rates, the Group 
realized total interest earnings from Central Bank and LCH 
deposits of €778.5 million and a net treasury income from 
financial assets of €2.1 million. The Group recognised total 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 263

Page 266:
interests paid on clearing members’ margin and default fund 
as treasury expense, which amounted to €733.9 million.
In July 2022, the Group partially disposed of the debt 
investment portfolio held at Euronext Clearing. The related 
revaluation loss of €48.9 million was recycled from Other 
Comprehensive Income to 'non-underlying' net treasury 
income (see Note 12).
8.3 Other income
Other income of €1.2 million (2022: €4.9 million) primarily 
consists of transitional income from services provided by 
Borsa Italiana Group to London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) 
to facilitate the transition of ownership following the 
acquisition of Borsa Italiana Group. 
Transitional Service Agreements (“TSAs”) were established, 
providing for temporary services rendered to or received from 
LSEG. Each individual service is priced separately, generally 
on a fixed fee basis, based on actual usage or mutually agreed 
service level. The agreement was established on arm's length 
basis.
Services rendered to LSEG primarily include technology and 
various ancillary services. All such services to LSEG are 
transitional and, accordingly, the related income from LSEG 
phased out during 2023.
Expenses for services received from LSEG under this 
agreement are recognised in other operational expenses (see 
Note 11). These services will be phased out after the migration 
of Borsa Italiana Group to Euronext trading platform Optiq® is 
completed in 2024.
Note 9. Salaries and employee benefits
Year ended Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022
In thousands of euros
Underlying 
items
Non-
Underlying 
items Total
Underlying 
items
Non-
Underlying 
items Total
Salaries and other short term benefits  (222,538)  (11,548)  (234,086)  (212,764)  (5,986)  (218,750) 
Social security contributions  (67,385)  (1,192)  (68,577)  (60,070)  (110)  (60,180) 
Share-based payment costs  (14,378)  —  (14,378)  (13,994)  —  (13,994) 
Pension cost - defined benefit plans  (8,385)  (190)  (8,575)  (7,590)  (22)  (7,612) 
Pension cost - defined contribution plans  (6,799)  (1)  (6,800)  (6,641)  160  (6,481) 
Total salaries and employee benefits  (319,485)  (12,931)  (332,416)  (301,059)  (5,958)  (307,017) 
Underlying salaries and employee benefits increased, 
primarily due to the increase in FTE when compared to prior 
period.
Non-underlying salaries and employee benefits mainly related 
to termination expenses linked to the integration of the Borsa 
Italiana Group activities with those of the Group and 
termination expenses in the various other Euronext entities 
(see Note 12).
At the end of the year, the number of employees, based on 
full-time equivalents (FTE) stood at 2,297 (2022: 2,203).
In 2023, ‘Share based payments costs’ primarily contain costs 
related to the LTI Plans 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. Details of 
these plans are disclosed in Note 28.
Note 10. Depreciation and amortisation
Year ended Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022
In thousands of euros
Underlying 
items
Non-
Underlying 
items Total
Underlying 
items
Non-
Underlying 
items Total
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets  (18,925)  (3,242)  (22,167)  (16,528)  (2,291)  (18,819) 
Amortisation of intangible fixed assets  (33,874)  (89,125)  (122,999)  (29,801)  (85,555)  (115,356) 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (21,416)  (3,549)  (24,965)  (22,500)  (3,516)  (26,016) 
Total depreciation and amortisation  (74,215)  (95,916)  (170,131)  (68,829)  (91,362)  (160,191) 
Underlying depreciation and amortisation increased, primarily 
due to the (phased) go-live of several internally developed 
software assets.
Non-underlying depreciation and amortisation mainly related 
to amortisation of acquired intangible assets (PPA) and 
accelerated depreciation of the right-of-use asset of the 
datacentre in Basildon (see Note 12).
8 Financial Statements
264


Page 267:
Note 11. Other operational expenses
Year ended Year ended
31 December 2023 31 December 2022
In thousands of euros
Underlying 
items
Non-
Underlying 
items Total
Underlying 
items
Non-
Underlying 
items Total
Systems and communications  (94,856)  (7,766)  (102,622)  (116,676)  (5,248)  (121,924) 
Professional services  (58,260)  (18,209)  (76,469)  (58,740)  (12,493)  (71,233) 
Clearing expenses (a)  (34,502)  —  (34,502)  (35,604)  —  (35,604) 
Accommodation  (17,913)  (799)  (18,712)  (13,533)  12  (13,521) 
Other expenses (b)  (85,025)  (38,593)  (123,618)  (80,532)  (3,530)  (84,062) 
Total other operational expenses  (290,556)  (65,367)  (355,923)  (305,085)  (21,259)  (326,344) 
(a) Clearing expenses consist of the fees paid to LCH SA for services received under the Derivatives Clearing Agreement.
(b) Other expenses include marketing, taxes, insurance, travel, professional membership fees, corporate management and other expenses.
Underlying other operational expenses decreased, primarily 
due to a significant drop in expenses for services received 
from LSEG under the TSA agreements, which include the use 
of operational systems and infrastructure, as well as certain 
market data, hosting, connectivity and other services. 
These services will be phased out after the migration of Borsa 
Italiana Group to Euronext trading platform Optiq® is 
completed in 2024. For the year ended 31 December 2023, 
approximately €2.7 million of transitional costs were 
recognised (2022: approximately €10.4 million). 
Non-underlying other operational expenses included the 
termination fees and migration fees of €36.6 million related to 
the termination of the Derivatives Clearing Agreement with 
LCH SA. Furthermore, it comprises cost incurred to integrate 
the Borsa Italiana Group activities with those of the Group and 
costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the 
Group (see Note 12).
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 265

Page 268:
Note 12. Non-underlying items
Year ended
In thousands of euros
31 December
2023
31 December
2022
Non-underlying revenues and income
Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments a)  —  (48,951) 
 —  (48,951) 
Non-underlying salaries and employee benefits
Integration -and double run costs b)  (8,836)  (6,472) 
Restructuring costs  (4,095)  514 
 (12,931)  (5,958) 
Non-underlying depreciation and amortisation
Integration -and double run costs b)  (11,152)  (6,912) 
Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets (PPA) c)  (81,913)  (83,664) 
Amortisation and impairment of other assets  (2,851)  (786) 
 (95,916)  (91,362) 
Non-underlying other operational expenses
Integration -and double run costs b)  (61,107)  (16,736) 
Acquisition costs d)  (4,710)  (3,426) 
Litigation (provisions)/settlements  450  (549) 
Other  —  (548) 
 (65,367)  (21,259) 
Non-underlying non-operating items e)
Finance costs  (31)  — 
(Loss)/gain on sale of subsidiaries  (206)  2,274 
Gain on sale of associate  53,028  — 
Impairment of associates and joint ventures  —  (1,526) 
 52,791  748 
Non-underlying items before tax  (121,423)  (166,782) 
Tax on non-underlying items f)  46,228  44,716 
Non-controlling interest  4,088  4,585 
Non-underlying profit / (loss) for the period attributable to the shareholders of the Company  (71,107)  (117,481) 
a) Following a one–off partial disposal of the debt investment portfolio held at Euronext Clearing, the Group recycled the related revaluation loss of 
€48.9 million from Other Comprehensive Income to net treasury income, during the comparative period.
b) The total integration- and double run costs amounted to €81.1 million (2022: €30.1 million), which included the termination fees and migration fees 
of €36.6 million related to the termination of the Derivatives Clearing Agreement with LCH SA (see Note 2). The remainder of the cost were 
attributable to significant projects and activities to integrate the Borsa Italiana Group businesses with those of the Group.
c) Amortisation of intangible assets that were recorded as a result of acquisitions amounted to €81.9 million (2022: €83.7 million).
d) The acquisition costs of €4.8 million mainly related to contemplated acquisitions that would increase the perimeter of the Group. In the 
comparative period, the acquisition costs of €3.4 million related to the acquisitions of Spafid's Issuer Services Business and the technology 
businesses of Nexi S.p.A.
e) The non-underlying non-operating items comprised €53.0 million of gains on sales of the interests in associates LCH SA and Tokeny  S.a.r.l., as 
well as a settlement payment of €0.2 million related to the finalisation of the sale of MTS Markets International Inc. at end of last year. The 
comparative period included a €2.3 million gain on sale of the interest in subsidiaries Finance Web Working SAS and MTS Markets International 
Inc. and a €1.5 million impairment of investment in joint venture LiquidShare.
f) After the determination that an item is taxable, the tax impact of the Group’s non-underlying items of the individual entities of the Group to which 
the non-underlying items relate, is computed based on the tax rates applicable to the respective territories in which the entity operates.
The Group uses its judgment to classify items as non-underlying. The determination of non-underlying items is not measured under 
EU-IFRS and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for IFRS measures. 
8 Financial Statements
266


Page 269:
Note 13. Net financing income / (expense)
Year ended
In thousands of euros
31 December
2023
31 December
2022
Interest expense (effective interest method)  (34,598)  (36,587) 
Interest in respect of lease liabilities  (1,085)  (733) 
Other finance costs  —  242 
Underlying finance costs  (35,683)  (37,078) 
Non-underlying finance costs  (31)  — 
Total finance costs  (35,714)  (37,078) 
Interest income (effective interest method)  30,526  5,806 
Total finance income  30,526  5,806 
Interest income from interest rate swaps  —  1,479 
Gain / (loss) on disposal of treasury investments  4,721  (2,307) 
Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain  487  137 
Other net financing result  5,208  (691) 
Total  20  (31,963) 
Underlying finance costs for the year, includes the full year 
impact of interest expenses on the Senior Unsecured Notes, 
that are held by the Group.
The recent evolution of ascending interest rates resulted in 
an increase of interest income (effective interest method), 
which is primarily incurred on the Group's outstanding cash 
balances. The interest rates in the comparative period were 
at significantly lower levels. 
Gain/(loss) on disposal of treasury investments includes the 
impact from changes in fair value of short-term investments 
in money market funds (see Notes 25 and 35).
The comparative period included interest income from 
interest rate swaps until the moment of termination of the 
interest rate swap agreements in May 2022 (see note 23).
The interest income and interest expenses from CCP clearing 
business assets and liabilities are shown in net treasury 
income through CCP business (see Note 8.2).
Note 14. Results from equity investments and gain/(loss) on disposals
Result from equity investments
Year ended
In thousands of euros
31 
December
2023
31 
December
2022
Dividend income  23,500  9,842 
Total  23,500  9,842 
In 2023, dividend income relates to dividends received from 
the Group’s non-current equity investments at FVOCI in 
Euroclear S.A./N.V. and Sicovam Holding S.A.
In 2022, dividend income relates to dividends received from 
the Group’s non-current equity investments at FVOCI in 
Euroclear S.A./N.V.
(Loss)/gain on disposals 
Year ended
In thousands of euros
31 
December
2023
31 
December
2022
(Loss)/gain on disposal of subsidiaries  (206)  2,274 
Gain on disposal of associates  53,028  — 
Total  52,822  2,274 
On 6 July 2023, the Group sold its 11.1% investment in 
associate LCH SA to LCH Group Ltd for consideration of 
€111.0 million. The investment was held at a carrying amount 
of €69.4 million, resulting in a gain on disposal of €41.6 
million.
On 1 December 2023, the Group sold its 18.93% investment in 
associate Tokeny S.a.r.l. for an amount of €11.4 million. As the 
investment was held at a carrying amount of zero million, the 
full proceeds of the sale were recognised in gain on disposal 
of associates.
In addition, current period was impacted by a settlement 
payment of €0.2 million related to the finalisation of the sale 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 267

Page 270:
of subsidiary MTS Markets International Inc. at end of last 
year.
In the comparative period, the Group disposed its interests in 
subsidiaries Finance Web Working SAS and MTS Markets 
International Inc.
The proceeds from the sale of Finance Web Working SAS 
were €0.8 million (net of cash), which resulted in a loss on 
disposal of €0.8 million. 
The proceeds from the sale of MTS Markets International Inc. 
were €7.8 million, whereas the combined net assets disposed 
of amounted to €4.7 million. This resulted in a gain on 
disposal of €3.1 million.
Note 15. Income tax expense
Year ended
In thousands of euros
31 December
2023
31 December
2022
Current tax expense  (191,230)  (178,921) 
Deferred tax  28,533  15,316 
Total  (162,697)  (163,605) 
The actual tax charge incurred on the Group’s profit before 
income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would 
arise using the weighted average tax rates applicable to profit 
before income tax of the consolidated entities as follows:
Reconciliation of effective tax charge
Year ended
In thousands of euros 31 December
2023
31 December
2022
Profit before income tax  699,112  614,246 
Income tax calculated at domestic tax rates applicable to profits in the respective countries  (177,983)  (148,079) 
Tax effects of:
(De) recognition tax losses (a)  (296)  (543) 
Non-deductible expenses (b)  (5,741)  (204) 
Other tax exempt income (c)  25,025  (15) 
Over/(under) provided in prior years (d)  (811)  (4,450) 
Other (e)  (2,891)  (10,314) 
Total  (162,697)  (163,605) 
(a) De-recognition of tax losses relates to tax losses in Singapore as it is not considered probable at this moment that these deferred tax assets can 
be used to offset future taxable income.
(b) In 2023 non-deductible expenses mainly relate to substitute tax paid in Italy relating to a goodwill step up, Italian tax on dividends of €2.1 million 
(2022: 3.1 million) and miscellaneous non-deductible expenses in the various jurisdictions.
(c) In 2023 other tax exempt income mainly relates to dividends and sales proceeds from investments as well as the Italian notional interest deduction 
of €2.6 million (2022: 2.3 million). 
(d) In 2023 and 2022, ‘over/(under) provided in prior years’ relates to adjustments to tax following the filing of tax returns.
(e) In 2023, Other includes tax surcharges of €2.0 million (in 2022: €2.3 million) in Portugal and France. As from 2023, Italian local taxes (IRAP) of €12.4 
million (2022: 9.1 million) are reflected in the statutory tax rate, whereas in 2022 they were reported in 'Other'. Furthermore, the line 'Other' in cludes 
an R&D credit of €1.2 million (2022: €1.0 million).
The effective tax rate decreased from 26.6% for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 to 23.3% for the year ended 31 
December 2023.
OECD Pillar Two model rules
The Group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model 
rules. Pillar Two legislation was enacted in the Netherlands, 
the jurisdiction in which Euronext N.V. is incorporated, and 
will come into effect from 1 January 2024. Since the Pillar Two 
legislation was not effective at the reporting date, the group 
has no related current tax exposure. 
The Group applies the exception to recognising and disclosing 
information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to 
Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to 
IAS 12 issued in May 2023.
Under the legislation, the Group is liable to pay a top-up tax 
for the difference between their GloBE effective tax rate per 
jurisdiction and the 15% minimum rate.
The Group has assessed its exposure to the Pillar Two 
legislation for when it comes into effect. The Group expects 
to apply the safe harbour provisions in all countries in which it 
operates, with the exception of Ireland. Ireland has a 
statutory tax rate of 12.5% and a qualifying domestic top up 
tax is expected to be due. However, this is not expected to be 
material. Therefore the overall assessment indicates that 
Pillar 2 is not expected to have a material impact on the Group 
in the foreseeable future.
8 Financial Statements
268


Page 271:
Note 16. Property, plant and equipment
In thousands of euros Land & Buildings Hardware & IT
Other Equipment 
(a) Total
As at 31 December 2021
Cost  57,025  143,246  76,140  276,411 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (14,811)  (108,099)  (55,921)  (178,831) 
Net book amount  42,214  35,147  20,219  97,580 
As at 1 January 2022 net book amount  42,214  35,147  20,219  97,580 
Exchange differences  (1,079)  (17)  (66)  (1,162) 
Additions  9,783  13,818  8,266  31,867 
Disposals & other  (1,189)  3,228  (2,116)  (77) 
Transfers  —  12,301  (12,301)  — 
Acquisitions of subsidiaries  —  —  —  — 
Depreciation charge (Note 10)  (1,230)  (15,106)  (2,483)  (18,819) 
As at 31 December 2022 net book amount  48,499  49,371  11,519  109,389 
As at 31 December 2022
Cost  60,528  164,215  69,771  294,514 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (12,029)  (114,844)  (58,252)  (185,125) 
Net book amount  48,499  49,371  11,519  109,389 
As at 1 January 2023 net book amount  48,499  49,371  11,519  109,389 
Exchange differences  (1,442)  (104)  (51)  (1,597) 
Additions  1,115  21,795  4,793  27,703 
Disposals & other  —  3  (2)  1 
Transfers  —  828  216  1,044 
Depreciation charge (Note 10)  (1,409)  (17,514)  (3,244)  (22,167) 
As at 31 December 2023 net book amount  46,763  54,379  13,231  114,373 
As at 31 December 2023
Cost  59,908  177,670  77,036  314,614 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (13,145)  (123,291)  (63,805)  (200,241) 
Net book amount  46,763  54,379  13,231  114,373 
(a) Other Equipment includes building fixtures and fitting, lease improvements and work in progress.
In 2023 and 2022, the additions in Property Plant and 
Equipment were primarily related to the investments made to 
the Oslo Børs building and purchases of Hardware and IT in 
relation to the data centre in Bergamo. 
The transfer included in the comparative period, of €12.3 
million from other equipment to hardware & IT mainly related 
to work in progress that was put into use at the go-live of the 
data centre in Bergamo in June 2022.
Note 17. Leases
The Group leases offices in the various locations from which 
the Group operates its business, IT-hardware equipment such 
as data servers, racks and mainframes and leases of other 
equipment for use by its staff in offices. Leases of offices 
generally have an average lease term of 4 years, while 
hardware IT equipment generally have an average lease term 
of 3 years. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed 
periods, but may occasionally have extension options. 
Furthermore, the Group has very limited leases that contain 
variable lease payments and has no leases that are exposed to 
residual value guarantees. Payments associated with short-
term leases (containing a lease term of 12 months or less) and 
leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line 
basis as an expense in profit or loss.
17.1 Amounts recognised in the balance sheet
Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the period:
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 269

Page 272:
Right-of-use assets
In thousands of euros Building Equipment Other Total
At 1 January 2022  50,190  15,978  —  66,168 
Additions  1,068  1,122  —  2,190 
Depreciation charge (see Note 10)  (21,128)  (4,888)  —  (26,016) 
Transfers  —  —  —  — 
Exchange impacts and other  (11)  (41)  —  (52) 
At 31 December 2022  30,119  12,171  —  42,290 
Additions  37,781  769  —  38,550 
Depreciation charge (see Note 10)  (20,007)  (4,958)  —  (24,965) 
Transfers  —  —  —  — 
Exchange impacts and other  (146)  10  —  (136) 
At 31 December 2023  47,747  7,992  —  55,739 
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
At 1 January  50,114  71,684 
Additions  37,924  1,904 
Acquisition of subsidiary  —  — 
Accretion of interest  1,085  733 
Payments  (29,508)  (24,150) 
Exchange impacts and other  (142)  (57) 
At 31 December  59,473  50,114 
Of which are:
Non-current lease liabilities  37,314  21,648 
Current lease liabilities  22,159  28,466 
The maturity analysis of the undiscounted lease liabilities are as follows:
In thousands of euros
Less than 
1 year
between 1 and 3 
years
between 3 and 5 
years
More than 5 
years Total
2023
Lease liabilities  22,865  18,671  11,995  13,069  66,600 
2022
Lease liabilities (a)  28,786  14,924  5,285  2,163  51,158 
(a) The figures for the comparative period were adjusted, as these were onerously reflecting 'discounted' lease liabilities, whereas 'undiscounted' 
lease liabilities should have been disclosed.
17.2  Amounts recognised in the statement of 
profit or loss
The statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts related to leases:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
Building  (20,007)  (21,127) 
Equipment  (4,958)  (4,888) 
Other  —  — 
Interest expense (included in finance cost)  (1,085)  (733) 
Expenses related to short-term leases (included in other operational expenses)  (221)  (289) 
Expenses related to leases of low-value asset (included in other operational expenses)  (1,046)  (920) 
Total  (27,317)  (27,957) 
The total cash outflow for leases in 2023 was €29.7 million 
(2022: €24.6 million). The Group’s exposure to potential future 
cash outflows related to variable lease payments, extension 
or termination options and residual value guarantees was not 
material.
8 Financial Statements
270


Page 273:
Note 18. Goodwill and other intangible assets
Fair value adjustment
Intangible assets 
recognised on 
acquisition of subsidiaries
In thousands of euros Goodwill
Internally 
developed 
software
Purchased 
softw. 
Constr. in 
Pr. 
Patents & 
TrMr Software
Customer 
Relations
Brand 
Names (b) Total
As at 31 December 2021
Cost  4,037,560  184,136  220,022  171,228  2,048,011  37,675  6,698,632 
Accumulated amortisation and impairment  (54,369)  (108,976)  (198,249)  (42,729)  (71,250)  (7,215)  (482,788) 
Net book amount  3,983,191  75,160  21,773  128,499  1,976,761  30,460  6,215,844 
As at 1 January 2022 net book amount  3,983,191  75,160  21,773  128,499  1,976,761  30,460  6,215,844 
Exchange differences  (18,425)  (31)  (4)  (1,094)  (7,792)  204  (27,142) 
Additions  —  66,348  1,302  —  —  —  67,650 
Impairment charge / write off  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Transfers and other  —  372  295  —  —  —  667 
Acquisitions of subsidiaries  60,257  —  —  448  5,621  —  66,326 
Sales of subsidiaries  (2,163)  —  —  —  —  —  (2,163) 
Amortisation charge (Note 10)  —  (24,922)  (6,871)  (21,540)  (60,276)  (1,747)  (115,356) 
As at 31 December 2022 net book amount  4,022,860  116,927  16,495  106,313  1,914,314  28,917  6,205,826 
As at 31 December 2022
Cost  4,077,182  268,349  218,380  157,924  2,044,521  31,828  6,798,184 
Accumulated amortisation and impairment  (54,322)  (151,422)  (201,885)  (51,611)  (130,207)  (2,911)  (592,358) 
Net book amount  4,022,860  116,927  16,495  106,313  1,914,314  28,917  6,205,826 
As at 1 January 2023 net book amount  4,022,860  116,927  16,495  106,313  1,914,314  28,917  6,205,826 
Exchange differences  (34,696)  (458)  (65)  (1,426)  (13,283)  (420)  (50,348) 
Additions  —  74,909  424  —  —  —  75,333 
Impairment charge / write off  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Transfers and other (a)  —  8,329  (10,234)  —  —  —  (1,905) 
Acquisitions of subsidiaries (c) (Note 5)  (11,160)  —  —  10,137  3,268  —  2,245 
Sales of subsidiaries  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Amortisation charge (Note 10)  —  (36,976)  (2,468)  (22,239)  (59,569)  (1,747)  (122,999) 
As at 31 December 2023 net book amount  3,977,004  162,731  4,152  92,785  1,844,730  26,750  6,108,152 
As at 31 December 2023
Cost  4,031,263  477,832  74,783  165,548  2,032,571  31,408  6,813,405 
Accumulated amortisation and impairment  (54,259)  (315,101)  (70,631)  (72,763)  (187,841)  (4,658)  (705,253) 
Net book amount  3,977,004  162,731  4,152  92,785  1,844,730  26,750  6,108,152 
a) Following review of the intangible assets related to Borsa Italiana Group, the Group has transferred 'Purchased software' to 'Internally developed 
software' at a net book value of €10.4 million, as these intangible assets were onerously included as 'Purchased software' when their correct 
classification is 'Internally developed software'.
b) As per 31 December 2023, brand names include brands with a finite useful live for an amount of €0.9 million (2022: €3.6 million).
c) Includes the impact of the finalisation of the purchase price allocation related to the acquisition of Nexi S.p.A. technology businesses, as explained in 
Note 5.
In 2023, the additions in internally developed software investments primarily related to the ongoing implementation of Borsa 
Italiana Group to Euronext's trading platform Optiq ®, the expansion of clearing activities to all Euronext markets by Euronext 
Clearing, the pan-Europeanisation of Euronext CSDs, and several digital ambition projects within the Group. Furthermore, no 
indicators of impairment of intangible assets with a finite useful life were identified and as such no detailed impairment test was 
performed. For intangible assets with an indefinite useful life the impairment tests did not lead to an/any impairment.
Goodwill impairment test
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 271

Page 274:
Goodwill is monitored and tested for impairment at the lowest 
CGU Group level of the Group to which goodwill acquired in a 
business combination is allocated (see Note 3). Following the 
acquisitions of Euronext FX (former FastMatch Inc.) in 2017 
and Nord Pool Holding AS in 2020 and the allocation of 
goodwill from those transactions to respectively the “FX 
Trading” CGU and the “Nord Pool” CGU, the Group tests 
goodwill at the level of three CGUs (Groups): “Euronext”, “FX 
Trading” and “Nord Pool”. The acquisition of Borsa Italiana 
Group is included in the Euronext CGU.
Euronext CGU (Group)
The recoverable value of the “Euronext” CGU Group is based 
on its fair value less cost of disposal, applying a discounted 
cash flow approach, and corroborated by observation of 
Company’s market capitalisation. The fair value measurement 
uses significant unobservable inputs and is therefore 
categorised as a Level 3 measurement under IFRS 13.
Cash flow projections are derived from the 2024 budget and 
the business plan for 2025. Key assumptions used by 
management include third party revenue growth, which 
factors future volumes of European equity markets, the 
Group’s market share, average fee per transaction, and the 
expected impact of new product initiatives. These 
assumptions are based on past experience, market research 
and management expectation of market developments.
For the impairment test performed as of 31 December 2023, 
revenues have been extrapolated using a perpetual growth 
rate of 1.5% (2022: 1.4%) after 2024. The weighted average 
cost of capital applied was 7.5% (2022: 7.2%).
The annual impairment testing of the “Euronext” CGU Group 
performed at each year-end did not result in any instance 
where the carrying value of the operating segment exceeded 
its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is sensitive to 
key assumptions. As of 31 December 2023, a reduction to 0% 
per year of perpetual growth rate, or an increase by 1% per 
year in discount rate, which management believes are 
individually reasonably possible changes to key assumptions, 
would not result in a goodwill impairment. The sensitivity test 
on the key assumptions defined in 2023 would not result in a 
goodwill impairment. Possible correlations between each of 
these parameters were not considered.
FX Trading CGU
The recoverable value of the “FX Trading” CGU is based on its 
fair value less cost of disposal, applying a discounted cash 
flow approach. The fair value measurement uses significant 
unobservable inputs and is therefore categorised as a Level 3 
measurement under IFRS 13.
Cash flow projections are derived from the 2024 budget, the 
business plan for 2025 and extrapolations for 2026 to 2030. 
Key assumptions used by management include third party 
revenue growth, which factors future volumes on global 
Foreign Exchange trading markets, the Group’s market share, 
average fee per transaction, and the expected impact of new 
product initiatives. These assumptions are based on past 
experience, market research and management expectation of 
market developments.
For the impairment test performed as of 31 December 2023, 
revenues have been extrapolated using a perpetual growth 
rate of 2.0% (2022: 2.0%) after 2030. The discount rate 
applied was 7.5% (2022: 7.5%).
The annual impairment testing of the “FX Trading” CGU 
performed at each year-end did not result in any instance 
where the carrying value of the operating segment exceeded 
its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is sensitive to 
key assumptions. As of 31 December 2023, a reduction to 0% 
per year of perpetual growth rate, or an increase by 1% per 
year in discount rate, which management believes are 
individually reasonably possible changes to key assumptions, 
would not result in a goodwill impairment. The sensitivity test 
on the key assumptions defined in 2023 would not result in a 
goodwill impairment. Possible correlations between each of 
these parameters were not considered.
Nord Pool CGU
The recoverable value of the “Nord Pool” CGU is based on its 
fair value less cost of disposal, applying a discounted cash 
flow approach. The fair value measurement uses significant 
unobservable inputs and is therefore categorised as a Level 3 
measurement under IFRS 13.
Cash flow projections are derived from the 2024 budget, the 
business plan for 2025 and extrapolations for 2026 to 2030. 
Key assumptions used by management include third party 
revenue growth, which factors future volumes on day ahead 
and intraday physical energy markets, the Group’s market 
share, average fee per transaction, and the expected impact 
of new product initiatives. These assumptions are based on 
past experience, market research and management 
expectation of market developments.
For the impairment test performed as of 31 December 2023, 
revenues have been extrapolated using a perpetual growth 
rate of 1.4% (2022: 1.3%) after 2030. The discount rate applied 
was 7.5% (2022: 7.5%).
The annual impairment testing of the “Nord Pool” CGU 
performed at year-end did not result in any instance where 
the carrying value of the operating segment exceeded its 
recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is sensitive to key 
assumptions. As of 31 December 2023, a reduction to 0% per 
year of perpetual growth rate, or an increase by 1% per year in 
discount rate, which management believes are individually 
reasonably possible changes to key assumptions, would not 
result in a goodwill impairment. The sensitivity test on the key 
assumptions defined in 2023 would not result in a goodwill 
impairment. Possible correlations between each of these 
parameters were not considered.
8 Financial Statements
272


Page 275:
Note 19. Deferred income tax
The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as follows:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Deferred income tax assets (a)  31,258  18,917 
Deferred income tax liabilities (a)  (531,895)  (552,574) 
Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities)  (500,637)  (533,657) 
(a) As shown in the balance sheet, after offsetting deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the same taxable entity.
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Deferred tax assets / (liabilities):
Property, plant and equipment  (477)  (2,384) 
Intangible assets (a)  (523,616)  (552,237) 
Investments (b)  (31,628)  (28,321) 
Provisions and employee benefits  24,232  12,975 
Other (c)  30,158  36,272 
Loss carried forward (d)  694  38 
Deferred tax assets (net)  (500,637)  (533,657) 
(a) The balance mainly relates to the recognition of a deferred tax liability resulting from the intangible assets recognised upon the acquisition of 
Borsa Italiana Group in 2021.
(b) The investments mainly relate to the valuation of assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
(c) The line ‘Other’ primarily relates to the tax impact from contract liabilities of  €15.6m  million (2022: €20.2 million), currency movements on 
intercompany loans (NOK, GBP and USD) of  €8.2m m illion (2022: €7.4 million) and intra group accrued unpaid inte rest of €5.5 mi llion (2022: €6.9 
million).
(d) Losses carry forward relate mainly to tax losses carry forward recognised by investments in Italy and Germany.
With effect from 1 April 2023, the United Kingdom’s corporate 
tax rate increased to 25% (2022: 19%). The deferred tax 
assets and liabilities have been recognised at prevailing rates 
in the various countries.
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Balance at beginning of the year  (533,657)  (554,942) 
Recognised in income statement  28,533  15,316 
Reclassifications and other movements (a)  (36)  10,499 
Exchange differences and other  3,187  4,921 
Charge related to other comprehensive income  1,336  (9,451) 
Balance at end of the year  (500,637)  (533,657) 
(a) In 2022, the line ‘Reclassifications and other movements’ includes rate impacts that affected the deferred tax liability resulting from the intangible 
assets recognised upon the acquisition of Borsa Italiana Group in 2021.
As per 31 December 2023, tax losses totalling €29.4 million 
(2022: €29.8 million) were not recognised in the UK and 
Singapore since it is not considered probable, at this moment, 
that these deferred tax assets can be used to offset future 
taxable income.
The majority of the net deferred tax asset is expected to be 
recovered or settled after more than twelve months.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 273

Page 276:
Note 20. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
In thousands of euros
As at 31 
December
2023
As at 31 
December
2022
Equity investments
Euroclear S.A./N.V.  187,577  175,888 
Sicovam Holding S.A.  73,483  73,483 
Other  1,595  347 
Debt investments
Government bonds  —  28,501 
Total  262,655  278,219 
The Group’s financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income include long-term investments in 
unlisted equity securities, which the Group has irrevocably 
elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. In 
addition, debt securities allocated to the "hold and sell" 
business model are included in this category. The 
classification of the measurement within the fair value 
hierarchy is presented in Note 35.
Euroclear S.A./N.V. and Sicovam Holding S.A.
As of 31 December 2023, the Group holds a 3.53% ownership 
interest in Euroclear S.A./N.V. (31 December 2022: 3.53%), an 
unlisted company involved in the settlement of securities 
transaction and related banking services. The Group also 
holds a 9.60% ownership interest in Sicovam Holding S.A. (31 
December 2022: 9.60%), resulting in an indirect 1.53% 
interest in Euroclear S.A./N.V. (31 December 2022: 1.53%). 
The common stock of Sicovam Holding S.A. and Euroclear 
S.A./N.V. are not listed.
For measuring fair value of its long-term investments in 
unlisted equity securities in Euroclear S.A/N.V. and Sicovam 
Holding S.A., the Group applies a weighted approach, using 
both the Gordon Growth Model (with return on equity and 
expected dividend growth rate as key non-observable 
parameters) and recent observed market transactions taking 
into account an illiquidity discount for the limited number of 
transactions.
In 2023, this valuation method resulted in a total valuation of 
Euroclear S.A./N.V. of €5.3 billion (2022: €5.0 billion), and to 
an increase in fair value of Euronext N.V./S.A.’s direct- and 
indirect investments of €11.7 million (2022: €42.0 million) in 
2023. This revaluation was recorded in Other Comprehensive 
Income.
Other
In 2023, the Group made an investment in EuroCTP B.V. 
(incorporated on 23 August 2023), which is a joint initiative of 
currently 14 European exchanges, respectively exchange 
groups. EuroCTP B.V. aims to participate in the future 
selection process for the provision of a consolidated tape (CT) 
for equities in the European Union.
Government bonds
During 2023, the €28.5 million of long-term investments in 
secured assets linked to Euronext Clearing's own funds were 
reclassified to 'other current financial assets' in accordance 
with their maturity.
These investments consisted of Government Bonds issued by 
the States of Belgium, France, Ireland, Italy, Holland, Portugal 
and Spain; and Supranational Securities issued by the 
European Stability Mechanism and the European Financial 
Stability Facility, as well as by securities issued by Spanish 
(Instituto de Credito Oficial) and French (Caisse 
d’Amortissement de la Dette Sociale) government agencies.
These debt investments were valued at public market prices, 
with changes in fair value recognised through Other 
Comprehensive Income.
Note 21. Trade and other receivables
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Trade receivables  262,975  271,829 
Contract receivables  29,259  32,096 
Allowance for expected credit losses  (8,585)  (7,348) 
Trade and contract receivables net  283,649  296,577 
Tax receivables (excluding income tax)  13,131  8,214 
Other receivables  6,735  13,296 
Total  303,515  318,087 
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally on 
terms of 30 to 90 days. Contract receivables represent 
amounts in respect of unbilled revenue, for which the Group 
has an unconditional right to consideration (i.e. only the 
8 Financial Statements
274


Page 277:
passage of time is required before payment of the 
consideration is due). 
The significant changes in trade and contract receivables are 
disclosed in Note 8.1.2.
Set out below is the movement in the allowance for expected 
credit losses of trade and contract receivables:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
As at 1 January  7,348  4,940 
Provision for expected credit losses  1,814  2,844 
Receivables written off during the year  (577)  (436) 
At 31 December  8,585  7,348 
Management considers the fair value of the trade and other 
receivables to approximate their carrying value. The 
significant changes in loss allowance provision are disclosed 
in Note 8.1.2. The information about the credit exposures of 
trade and other receivables are disclosed in Note 37.5.1.
Note 22. Other current assets
Other current assets
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Prepayments  30,128  27,585 
Other  —  — 
Total  30,128  27,585 
The increase in prepayments mainly related to Borsa Italiana Group.
Note 23. Derivatives financial instruments
The Group may use derivative instruments to manage 
financial risks relating to its financial positions or risks 
relating to its ongoing business operations. The Group’s risk 
management strategy and how it is applied to manage risk is 
further explained in Note 37.
As per 31 December 2023, the derivative financial liability 
balance includes an impact of €34k (2022: €19k) in Nord Pool 
related to the effects of foreign exchange spot transactions 
made to facilitate electricity settlement.
Derivatives designed as hedging instruments
In 2023, the Group had no derivative financial instruments 
designated as hedging instruments.
Fair value hedge
Until 3 May 2022, the Group had three interest rate swap 
agreements in place with a total notional amount of €500.0 
million whereby the Group received an annual fixed interest 
rate of 1% and paid a variable rate of six-month EURIBOR, plus 
a weighted average spread of 0.3825%. The rate applicable to 
the floating leg of the swap for the aggregated notional 
amount of €500.0 million was -0.141%. The swaps were being 
used to reduce the variability of the fair value of the 1% fixed 
rate Bond (Senior Unsecured note #1) attributable to the 
change in interest rate, allowing it to transform the fixed rate 
exposure to floating rate.
There was an economic relationship between the hedged 
item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the interest 
rate swaps matched the terms of the fixed rate Bond (i.e., 
notional amount, maturity, payment and reset dates). The 
Group had established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging 
relationships as the underlying risk of the interest rate swap 
was identical to the hedged risk component. To assess the 
hedge effectiveness, the Group compared the changes in the 
fair value of the hedging instrument against the changes in 
fair value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.
The hedge ineffectiveness could arise from:
▪ Different interest rate curve applied to discount the 
hedged item and hedging instrument
▪ Differences in timing of cash flows of the hedged 
item and hedging instrument
▪ The counterparties’ credit risk differently impacting 
the fair value movements of the hedging instrument 
and hedged item
On 3 May 2022, the Group terminated its interest rate swap 
agreements. On termination, the Group cash settled the swap 
agreements at a carrying amount of €8.9 million and the 
hedge relationship was discontinued. The accumulated fair 
value adjustments of €7.7 million will be amortised over the 
remaining term of the Senior Unsecured Note #1. 
During 2023, approximately €2.6 million was amortised, 
reducing the amount of accumulated fair value adjustments 
to €3.3 million as at 31 December 2023 (2022: €5.9 million)  
(see Note 29).
In 2022, the impact of respectively the hedging instrument 
and the hedged item on the balance sheet immediately before 
termination of the interest rate swap agreements was as 
follows:
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 275

Page 278:
In thousands of euros Notional amount Carrying amount
Line item in the balance 
sheet
Change in fair value used for measuring 
ineffectiveness for the period
Interest rate swaps  500,000  (8,886) Derivative financial 
instruments
 (20,787) 
In thousands of euros Carrying amount
Accumulated fair 
value 
adjustments
Line item in the balance 
sheet
Change in fair value used for measuring 
ineffectiveness for the period
Senior Unsecured note #1  492,352  (7,648) Non-current 
Borrowings
 (20,787) 
As the hedge was effective, no amounts for ineffectiveness were recognised in ‘hedging result’ in the Statement of Profit or Loss 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 (see Note 13).
Impact of hedging on equity
Set out below is the reconciliation of each component of equity and the analysis of Other Comprehensive Income:
In thousands of euros
Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserve
As at 1 January 2022  (10,631) 
Changes in fair value of the hedging instrument  — 
Foreign exchange forward point excluded from the hedge  — 
Foreign currency revaluation of the net foreign operations a)  (26,169) 
As at 31 December 2022  (36,800) 
Changes in fair value of the hedging instrument  — 
Foreign exchange forward point excluded from the hedge  — 
Foreign currency revaluation of the net foreign operations a)  (50,545) 
As at 31 December 2023  (87,345) 
(a) The impact was almost fully attributable to foreign currency translations of net foreign operations in NOK
Note 24. Other current financial assets
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Deposits > 3 months  32,907  67,242 
Government bonds  29,399  69,455 
Listed bonds  40,747  26,043 
Total  103,053  162,740 
The other current financial assets of the Group consist of 
short-term deposits with a maturity of more than three 
months, short-term investments in government bonds 
including those linked to Euronext Clearing's own funds (see 
Note 20) and investments in listed bonds held by Euronext 
Securities Copenhagen.
Note 25. Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Cash and bank balances  710,327  710,929 
Short term investments - deposits / bonds  565,499  183,994 
Short term investments - money market funds  172,962  106,159 
Total  1,448,788  1,001,082 
8 Financial Statements
276


Page 279:
Short-term investments are presented as cash and cash 
equivalents if they have a maturity of three months or less 
from the date of acquisition and are repayable with 24 hours’ 
notice with no loss of interest. Cash and cash equivalents 
included an amount of €42.0 million (2021: €47.6 million) for 
the purpose of the settlement of power purchases at Nord 
Pool.
The short-term investments in money market funds are 
measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from 
changes in fair value included in profit or loss (see Notes 13 
and 35).
Note 26. Shareholders’ equity
Under the Articles of Association, the Company’s authorised 
share capital amounts to €200,000,001.60 and is divided into 
125,000,000 Ordinary Shares and one Priority Share, each 
with a nominal value of €1.60 per share. All of Euronext’s 
shares have been or will be created under Dutch law.
As of 31 December 2023, the Company’s issued share capital 
amounts to €171,370,070 and is divided into 107,106,294 
Ordinary Shares. The Priority Share is currently not 
outstanding. The fully paid ordinary shares carry one vote per 
share and rights to dividends, if declared. The Group’s ability 
to declare dividends is limited to distributable reserves as 
defined by Dutch law.
Number of shares outstanding:
(in numbers of shares) 2023 2022
Issued shares  107,106,294  107,106,294 
Treasury shares as at 1 January  (378,531)  (524,629) 
Liquidity contract  —  — 
Share buy back  (3,176,382)  — 
From share-based payments vesting  114,787  146,098 
Treasury shares as at 31 December  (3,440,126)  (378,531) 
Outstanding as at 31 December  103,666,168  106,727,763 
26.1 Reserve own shares
Treasury shares are accounted for at trade date and all held 
by Euronext N.V.
The movement on the line ‘acquisitions of own shares’ in the 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity consists of the 
impact from transactions by the liquidity provider of €55k 
gain (2022: €18k loss), minus the impact from transactions 
under the share repurchase programme, which was €219.1 
million in 2023, (2022: nil). Details of these movements are 
disclosed below at (i) and (ii).
(i) Liquidity provider
Part of the movement in the reserve during the reporting 
period relates to the transactions in Euronext N.V. shares 
conducted by the liquidity provider on behalf of the Group 
under the liquidity contract established (€55k gain in 2023).
The liquidity Agreement (the "Agreement") has been 
established in accordance with applicable rules, in particular 
the Regulation (EC) 2273/2003 of the European Commission 
of 22 December 2003 implementing the directive 2003/6/EC 
of the European Parliament and Council as regards 
exemptions for buyback programs and stabilisation of 
financial instruments, the provisions of article 2:95 of the 
Book II of Dutch civil code, the provisions of the general 
regulation of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the 
"AMF"), the decision of the AMF dated 21 March 2011 updating 
the Accepted Market Practice n°  2011-07 on liquidity 
agreements, the Code of Conduct issued by the French 
Association française des marchés financiers (AMAFI) on 8 
March 2011 and approved by the AMF by its aforementioned 
decision dated 21 March 2011 (the "AMAFI Code") and as the 
case maybe the relevant Dutch rules applicable to liquidity 
agreements in particular the regulation on Accepted Market 
Practices WFT (Regeling gebruikelijke marktpraktijken WFT) 
dated 4 May 2011 and Section 2.6 of the Book II – General Rules 
for the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Market (the "Dutch Rules").
As at 31 December 2023, Euronext N.V. holds nil shares under 
the programme (2022: nil shares).
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 277

Page 280:
The movement schedule for the reported years are as follows:
In 2022:
Transaction date
Buy Euronext 
N.V. shares
Sell Euronext 
N.V. shares
Average 
share price
Total value transaction 
including commissions
(in euro)
As at 31 December 2021  — 
Purchases January  50,430  €86.20  4,346,842 
Sales January  50,430  €86.16  (4,345,058) 
Purchases February  42,459  €82.80  3,515,798 
Sales February  38,459  €82.87  (3,186,915) 
Purchases March  51,553  €83.06  4,282,240 
Sales March  47,553  €82.73  (3,933,924) 
Purchases April  43,858  €80.92  3,549,208 
Sales April  43,858  €81.96  (3,594,457) 
Purchases May  61,210  €75.78  4,638,734 
Sales May  69,010  €76.23  (5,260,289) 
Purchases June  48,782  €77.14  3,763,233 
Sales June  48,982  €77.18  (3,780,611) 
Purchases July  62,573  €76.92  4,813,310 
Sales July  62,523  €77.04  (4,816,844) 
Purchases August  57,942  €78.21  4,531,678 
Sales August  51,192  €78.35  (4,010,797) 
Purchases September  31,960  €69.97  2,236,211 
Sales September  25,160  €70.05  (1,762,464) 
Purchases October  15,324  €64.12  982,635 
Sales October  13,923  €64.70  (900,879) 
Purchases November  30,696  €68.35  2,098,224 
Sales November  45,197  €68.84  (3,111,330) 
Purchases December  36,983  €71.33  2,638,130 
Sales December  37,483  €71.37  (2,675,171) 
Total buy/sell  533,770  533,770  17,501 
Total as at 31 December 2022  — 
8 Financial Statements
278


Page 281:
In 2023:
Transaction date
Buy Euronext N.V. 
shares
Sell Euronext N.V. 
shares
Average share 
price
Total value transaction 
including commissions
(in euro)
As at 31 December 2022  — 
Purchases January  66,500  €73.61  4,895,070 
Sales January  66,300  €73.70  (4,886,622) 
Purchases February  61,534  €75.66  4,655,680 
Sales February  58,934  €75.94  (4,475,742) 
Purchases March  101,923  €70.39  7,174,022 
Sales March  104,723  €70.53  (7,385,685) 
Purchases April  53,366  €71.42  3,811,563 
Sales April  53,361  €71.44  (3,811,950) 
Purchases May  79,555  €68.17  5,422,932 
Sales May  70,810  €68.91  (4,879,728) 
Purchases June  75,846  €63.90  4,846,407 
Sales June  70,596  €63.79  (4,503,436) 
Purchases July  68,682  €63.64  4,371,225 
Sales July  82,682  €63.76  (5,271,810) 
Purchases August  66,277  €67.29  4,459,572 
Sales August  63,677  €67.38  (4,290,633) 
Purchases September  68,583  €65.19  4,471,029 
Sales September  71,083  €65.28  (4,640,341) 
Purchases October  62,203  €66.31  4,124,409 
Sales October  58,303  €66.21  (3,860,215) 
Purchases November  131,049  €72.95  9,559,399 
Sales November  135,049  €72.83  (9,835,000) 
Purchases December  209,256  €77.89  16,298,419 
Sales December  209,256  €77.91  (16,303,186) 
Total buy/sell  1,044,774  1,044,774  (54,621) 
Total as at 31 December 2023  — 
(ii) Share Repurchase Programmes
The Group has entered into a discretionary management 
agreement with a bank to repurchase Euronext shares within 
the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular EC 
regulation 2273/2003) and the Group’s articles of association 
to cover the Group’s outstanding obligations resulting from 
employee shares plans for 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. The 
share repurchase programme aims to hedge price risk arising 
for granted employee share plans. 
In addition, on 27 July 2023, the Group announced a share 
repurchase programme (the ‘Programme’) for an amount of 
€200 million (see Note 2). The Programme will be executed in 
compliance with applicable rules and regulations, including 
the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052, and based on the 
authority granted by the annual general meeting of 
shareholders on 17 May 2023.
In 2023, the Group repurchased 3,176,382 shares for a total 
consideration of €219.1 million. In 2022, the Group 
repurchased no shares.
The movement schedule for the reported years are as follows:
In 2022:
Transaction date
Buy Euronext N.V. 
shares
Average share 
price
Total value transaction including 
commissions
(in euro)
Purchases 2022
Total buy/sell  —  — 
Total as at 31 December 2022  —  — 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 279

Page 282:
In 2023:
Transaction date
Buy Euronext N.V. 
shares
Average share 
price
Total value transaction including 
commissions
(in euro)
Purchases June  218,500  €64.41  14,073,095 
Purchases July  111,500  €62.53  6,971,908 
Purchases August  427,018  €67.27  28,726,646 
Purchases September  479,649  €65.42  31,377,708 
Purchases October  725,987  €66.40  48,205,756 
Purchases November  712,401  €71.43  50,890,209 
Purchases December  501,327  €77.53  38,869,996 
Total buy/sell  3,176,382  219,115,318 
Total as at 31 December 2023  3,176,382  219,115,318 
(iii) Share-based payments vesting
In 2023, the Group delivered 114,787 shares with a cost of €9.8 
million to employees for whom share plans had vested (2022: 
146,098 shares with a cost of €9.7 million). This movement is 
disclosed on the line ‘Other’ in the Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Equity.
26.2 Legal reserve
Retained earnings are not freely available for distribution for 
an amount of €72.9 million (2022: €59.8 million) relating to 
legal reserves (see Note 53).
26.3 Dividend
On 17 May 2023, the Annual General Meeting of shareholders 
voted for the adoption of the proposed €2.22 dividend per 
ordinary share, representing a 50% pay-out ratio of net profit 
adjusted for the net loss realized on the Euronext Clearing 
Investment portfolio amounting to €35.3 million. On 25 May 
2023, the dividend of €237.2 million was paid to the 
shareholders of Euronext N.V.
Note 27. Earnings per Share (EPS)
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit 
for the period attributable to the shareholders of the 
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares 
outstanding during the period.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit 
for the period attributable to the shareholders of the 
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares 
outstanding during the period plus the weighted average 
number of ordinary shares that would be issued on conversion 
of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary 
shares.
The following table reflects the income and share data used in 
the basic and diluted EPS calculations:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Profit attributable to the shareholders of the Company  513,567  437,827 
In number of shares
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic EPS (a)  106,051,799  106,669,451 
Effects of dilution from:
Share plans  324,539  231,855 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted for the effect of dilution (a)  106,376,338  106,901,306 
(a) The weighted average number of shares takes into account the weighted average effect of changes in treasury shares during the year.
The impact of share plans is determined by the number of 
shares that could have been acquired at fair value 
(determined as the average quarterly market price of 
Euronext’s shares) based on the fair value (measured in 
accordance with IFRS 2) of any services to be supplied to 
Euronext in the future under these plans. 
There have been no other transactions involving ordinary 
shares or potential ordinary shares between the reporting 
date and the date of authorisation of these financial 
statements.
8 Financial Statements
280


Page 283:
Note 28. Share-based payments
Euronext Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 (“LTI Plan 
2020”) 
The Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted under LTI Plan 
2020 fully cliff-vested in 2023.
Euronext Long-Term Incentive Plans (LTI Plan) 2021, 
2022 and 2023  
Directors and certain employees of the Group benefited from 
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted by Euronext N.V. under 
the LTI Plans on their applicable grant dates. RSUs granted 
under LTI Plans cliff-vest after 3 years, subject to continued 
employment and a ‘positive EBITDA1' performance condition. 
These equity awards are measured by reference to the grant-
date market price of Euronext’s common share (grant-date 
fair value).
In addition to these RSUs granted to all participants in the LTI 
Plans, Performance RSUs have been awarded to members of 
the Managing Board and Senior Leadership team. The vesting 
of these Performance RSUs is subject to two performance 
conditions:
▪ 50% of the performance RSUs vests subject to a Total 
Shareholder Return (TSR) condition; 
▪ 50% of the performance RSUs vests subject to an 
EBITDA1-based performance condition.
The grant-date fair value of performance shares with a TSR 
performance condition was adjusted for the possible 
outcomes of this condition. This has been assessed by 
applying a Monte Carlo simulation to model possible share 
prices of Euronext and its peer companies. At the end of each 
reporting period, the number of vesting performance shares 
is reconsidered based on the Group’s EBITDA1  performance 
relative to budgeted EBITDA1  and the total cost for the 
performance RSUs could be adjusted accordingly. Grant-date 
fair value of RSUs granted under the LTI Plans 2021, 2022 and 
2023 reflect the present value of expected dividends over the 
vesting period.
Movements in the number of shares granted as awards is as follows:
In 2022:
Plan
Year 
of 
grant 1 January 2022 Granted Adjusted (a) Vested Forfeited
31 December 
2022
Fair value at 
grant date per 
share 
(in €)
LTI, with performance 2019  72,020  —  66,995  (139,015)  —  —  €68.30 
LTI, no performance 2019  50,859  —  —  (48,807)  (2,052)  —  €57.94 
LTI, with performance 2020  72,056  —  —  —  (5,413)  66,643  €110.64 
LTI, no performance 2020  46,891  —  —  —  (5,101)  41,790  €81.30 
LTI, with performance (b) 2021  78,435  —  —  —  (5,080)  73,355  €74.84 
LTI, no performance (b) 2021  64,711  —  —  —  (7,239)  57,472  €79.98 
LTI, with performance (c) 2021  22,963  —  —  —  (1,462)  21,501  €71.72 
LTI, with performance (c) 2021  6,350  —  —  —  (580)  5,770  €86.64 
LTI, with performance 2022  —  108,229  —  —  (2,153)  106,076  €78.59 
LTI, no performance 2022  —  89,187  —  —  (4,293)  84,894  €72.72 
Total  414,285  197,416  66,995  (187,822)  (33,373)  457,501 
(a) Adjustments related to outperformance.
(b) LTI Plan 2021-A, with grant date 17 May 2021.
(c) LTI Plan 2021-B, with grant date 18 November 2021.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 281

Page 284:
In 2023:
Plan
Year 
of 
grant 1 January 2023 Granted Adjusted (a) Vested Forfeited
31 December 
2023
Fair value at 
grant date 
per share 
(in €)
LTI, with performance 2020  66,643  —  32,059  (98,702)  —  —  €110.64 
LTI, no performance 2020  41,790  —  —  (39,945)  (1,845)  —  €81.30 
LTI, with performance (b) 2021  73,355  —  —  —  (1,051)  72,304  €74.84 
LTI, no performance (b) 2021  57,472  —  —  (10)  (4,911)  52,551  €79.98 
LTI, with performance (c) 2021  21,501  —  —  —  (1,192)  20,309  €71.72 
LTI, with performance (c) 2021  5,770  —  —  (10)  (550)  5,210  €86.64 
LTI, with performance 2022  106,076  —  —  —  (2,786)  103,290  €78.59 
LTI, no performance 2022  84,894  —  —  (20)  (6,399)  78,475  €72.72 
LTI, with performance 2023  —  138,360  —  —  (1,051)  137,309  €57.21 
LTI, no performance 2023  —  119,076  —  —  (2,565)  116,511  €59.99 
Total  457,501  257,436  32,059  (138,687)  (22,350)  585,959 
(a) Adjustments related to outperformance.
(b) LTI Plan 2021-A, with grant date 17 May 2021.
(c) LTI Plan 2021-B, with grant date 18 November 2021.
Euronext has taken into consideration the fact that the 
employees will not receive dividends during the vesting 
period of 3 years. The fair value has been adjusted taking into 
account the financial loss for the participants to not receive 
the payment of the dividends during the vesting period.
Share-based payment expenses recognised in the income 
statement for shares granted for all plans to directors and 
selected employees in 2023 amounted to €14.4 million (2022: 
€14.0 million), see Note 9.
Note 29. Borrowings
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Non-current
Borrowings
Senior Unsecured note #1 (a)  496,640  494,048 
Senior Unsecured note #2  750,000  750,000 
Senior Unsecured note #3  600,000  600,000 
Senior Unsecured note #4  600,000  600,000 
Senior Unsecured note #5  600,000  600,000 
Discount, premium and issue costs  (21,929)  (21,929) 
Amortisation discount, premium and issue costs  6,918  5,042 
Other  —  — 
Total  3,031,629  3,027,161 
Current
Borrowings
Accrued interest  17,286  17,370 
Total  17,286  17,370 
(a) The Senior Unsecured Note #1 is carried at amortised cost and was adjusted for fair value movements due to the hedged interest rate risk until 3 
May 2022 (see Note 23).
Senior Unsecured Note #1
On 3 May 2022, the Group terminated its interest rate swap 
agreements which were formally designated and qualified as 
fair value hedges of Senior Unsecured Note #1. On 
termination, the Group cash settled the swap agreements and 
the hedge relationship was discontinued. 
As from the moment of discontinuation of the fair value 
hedge, the accumulated fair value adjustments of Senior 
Unsecured Note #1 is amortised to profit or loss based on a 
recalculated Effective Interest Rate over the remaining term 
of Senior Unsecured Note #1. The accumulated fair value 
adjustments amounted to a negative €3.3 million as per 31 
December 2023 (2022: €5.9 million).
Revolving Credit Facility Agreement
On 12 October 2022, the Group executed its two-year 
extension option to the revolving credit facility agreement 
(RCF) of €600.0 million. The RCF allows the Group to apply all 
amounts borrowed by it towards (i) general corporate and/or 
working capital purposes of the Group, (ii) satisfaction of the 
consideration payable for an acquisition and/ or (iii) the 
payment of fees, costs and expense incurred in relation to an 
acquisition. The revolving credit facility has a remaining 
maturity of 4 years (November 2027) and bears an interest 
8 Financial Statements
282


Page 285:
rate of EURIBOR plus a margin dependent on rating. As per 31 
December 2023, the facility remained undrawn.
In case of a downgrading event of Euronext, below BBB- or 
equivalent by rating agencies, Euronext shall ensure that the 
leverage ratio (Euronext total net debt to EBITDA 2) as defined 
in the Revolving C redit Facility Agreeme nt would not be 
greater than 4x.
Note 30. Post-employment benefits
The Group operates defined benefit pension plans for its 
employees, with the most significant plans being in France, 
Portugal, Norway and Italy. The Group’s plans are funded by 
contributions from the employees and the relevant Group 
entities, taking into account applicable government 
regulations and the recommendations of independent, 
qualified actuaries. The majority of plans have plan assets 
held in trusts, foundations or similar entities, governed by 
local regulations and practice in each country. The assets for 
these plans are generally held in separate trustee 
administered funds. The benefits provided to employees 
under these plans are based primarily on years of service and 
compensation levels.
The French plans relate almost completely to retirement 
indemnities. French law stipulates that employees are paid 
retirement indemnities in form of lump sums on the basis of 
the length of service at the retirement date and the amount is 
prescribed by collective bargaining agreements.
The Portuguese plan is for both Euronext Lisbon and 
Interbolsa and is managed by CGD Pensoes – Sociedade 
Gestora de Fundos de Pensoes SA. The plan was defined 
benefit based on final pay. The funds covered payment of 
pensions to employees with a minimum of 5 year service. 
Annual contributions were based on actuarial calculations. In 
2017, the Portuguese defined benefit plan was frozen and 
replaced by a new defined contribution plan, with an 
retroactive impact as from 1 January 2017. The old 
arrangement remains a defined benefit plan, and is disclosed 
as such in this Note. 
The Norwegian plans relate to Oslo Børs VPS and Nord Pool. 
The plan in Oslo Børs VPS comprises both defined benefit 
schemes and defined contribution schemes. The general 
pension plan for employees in Norway is a defined 
contribution scheme. The defined benefit schemes are mainly 
related to lifetime pensions for former CEOs of Oslo Børs and 
VPS, as well as a voluntary early retirement scheme for Oslo 
Børs which was closed in 2003. Nord Pool has a defined 
benefit pension plan involving two former employees for 
which contributions are made in accordance with actuarial 
calculations. The Norwegian pension plans are in compliance 
with the Mandatory Occupational Pensions Act.
The Italian plan relates to the Borsa Italiana Group. Following 
the entry into force of the 2007 Finance Act and related 
decrees, the severance indemnity (TFR), maturing 1st January 
2007 can no longer be retained by the companies that employ 
more than 50 employees but must be paid to a pension fund 
or, alternatively, into an open treasury fund opened at the 
'National Institute for Social Security' (INPS), according to the 
option exercised by the employees themselves. This implies 
that accruals calculated after 1st January 2007 are part of a 
defined contribution plan because the company’s obligation is 
satisfied by the payment of contributions to pension funds or 
INPS. The liability regarding the severance indemnity prior to 
the date mentioned above shall instead continue to represent 
a defined benefit plan to be valued applying the actuarial 
method based on the provisions set forth in IAS 19 and is 
disclosed as such in this Note.
The movement in the defined obligation over the years 
presented is as follows:
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 283

Page 286:
In thousands of euros
Present value of 
obligation
Fair value of plan 
assets Total
As at 1 January 2022  56,112  (23,989)  32,123 
(Income) / expense:
Current service cost  1,431  —  1,431 
Interest expense / (income)  730  (306)  424 
 2,161  (306)  1,855 
Remeasurements:
– Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest expense / 
(income)
 —  2,331  2,331 
– (Gain) / loss from change in financial assumptions  (12,768)  —  (12,768) 
–  Experience (gains) / losses  (959)  —  (959) 
– Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates and other  (509)  9  (500) 
 (14,236)  2,340  (11,896) 
Payments and other significant events:
– Employer contributions  (1,796)  —  (1,796) 
– Benefit payments  (415)  282  (133) 
– Acquired in business combination  —  —  — 
– Reclassifications and other  (522)  —  (522) 
As at 31 December 2022  41,304  (21,673)  19,631 
(Income) / expense:
Current service cost  2,491  —  2,491 
Interest expense / (income)  1,515  (857)  658 
 4,006  (857)  3,149 
Remeasurements:
– Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest expense / 
(income)
 —  (1,131)  (1,131) 
– (Gain) / loss from change in financial assumptions  1,804  —  1,804 
– Experience (gains) / losses  661  —  661 
– Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates and other  (12)  44  32 
 2,453  (1,087)  1,366 
Payments and other significant events:
– Employer contributions  (1,666)  —  (1,666) 
– Benefit payments  (301)  228  (73) 
– Acquired in business combination  700  222  922 
– Reclassifications and other  (652)  —  (652) 
As at 31 December 2023  45,844  (23,167)  22,677 
8 Financial Statements
284


Page 287:
The defined benefit obligation and plan assets are composed by country as follows:
2023
In thousands of euros Belgium Portugal France Norway Italy Total
Present value of obligation  25  18,825  9,481  11,427  6,086  45,844 
Fair value of plan assets  —  (18,689)  (4,087)  (391)  —  (23,167) 
Total  25  136  5,394  11,036  6,086  22,677 
2022
In thousands of euros Belgium Portugal France Norway Italy Total
Present value of obligation  24  16,762  7,630  12,332  4,556  41,304 
Fair value of plan assets  —  (17,145)  (3,912)  (616)  —  (21,673) 
Total  24  (383)  3,718  11,716  4,556  19,631 
The significant actuarial assumptions were as follows:
2023
Belgium Portugal France Norway Italy
Discount rate  3.4%  3.6%  3.5%  3.7%  3.4% 
Salary growth rate  0.0%  2.0%  2.5%  0.8%  3.0% 
Pension growth rate  0.0%  2.0%  0.0%  3.2%  0.0% 
2022
Belgium Portugal France Norway Italy
Discount rate  3.5%  4.0%  4.0%  3.6%  3.9% 
Salary growth rate  0.0%  2.0%  2.5%  0.7%  3.0% 
Pension growth rate  0.0%  0.0%  0.0%  3.0%  0.0% 
The Group derives the discount rate used to determine the defined benefit obligation from yields on high quality corporate bonds of 
the duration corresponding to the liabilities.
As of 31 December 2023, the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to changes in the weighted principal assumptions were:  
Impact on defined 
benefit obligation
Change in 
assumption
Increase in 
assumption
Decrease in 
assumption
Discount rate  0.25%  -3.1%  3.2% 
Salary growth rate  0.50%  1.3%  -1.2% 
Pension growth rate  0.50%  3.4%  -3.1% 
The pension plan assets allocation differs per plan. On a weighted average basis, the allocation was as follows:
2023 2022
Fair value of Fair value of Fair value of Fair value of
plan assets plan assets plan assets plan assets
Plan assets in thousands of euros in percent in thousands of euros in percent
Equity securities  5,399  23.3%  7,189  33.2% 
Debt securities  16,899  72.9%  13,362  61.7% 
Property  423  1.8%  401  1.9% 
Investment funds  392  1.7%  619  2.9% 
Cash  54  0.2%  102  0.5% 
Total  23,167  100%  21,673  100% 
The maturity of expected benefit payments over the next ten years is as follows:
As at 31 December 2023 Less than a year Between 1-2 year Between 2-5 year
Between 5-10 
year Total
Pension benefits  1,952  2,015  5,489  14,164  23,620 
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation for retirement plans is 14 years at 31 December 2023.
For 2024, the expected obligations contributions are approximately €1.6 million.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 285

Page 288:
Note 31. Provisions 
In thousands of euros Restructuring Leases Jubilee
Legal 
claims
Plan 
Agents Others Total
Changes in provisions
As at 1 January 2023  267  1,971  1,559  1,642  819  1,450  7,708 
Additional provisions charged to 
income statement  4,879  434  109  111  1  485  6,019 
Used during the year  (150)  —  (42)  —  (5)  (383)  (580) 
Unused amounts reversed  (23)  —  (178)  (219)  —  (91)  (511) 
Acquisition of subsidiary  —  —  —  —  —  (87)  (87) 
Reclassifications and other  —  —  —  8  —  (8)  — 
Exchange differences  (18)  2  —  —  —  (69)  (85) 
As at 31 December 2023  4,955  2,407  1,448  1,542  815  1,297  12,464 
Composition of provisions
Current  4,820  —  —  20  —  329  5,169 
Non Current  135  2,407  1,448  1,522  815  968  7,295 
Total  4,955  2,407  1,448  1,542  815  1,297  12,464 
Restructuring
The restructuring provision relates to employee termination 
benefits that have an uncertain character. The increase 
during the year is mostly related to employee termination 
benefits for leavers in various Euronext entities, with the 
main impact at Borsa Italiana Group.
Leases
The leases provision relates to estimated future dismantling 
or removing costs, primarily for the lease of its ‘Praetorium’ 
office in Paris.
Jubilee
The Jubilee provision decreased, mainly due to the increase 
in discount rates.
Legal claims
The legal claims provision relates to individual litigation 
settlement cases. 
Plan Agents
The provision for Plan Agents relates to a retirement 
allowance for retired stockbrokers in Belgium, which is 
determined using actuarial assumptions. No cash outflows 
are expected for 2024.
Others
The 'Others' provision primarily relates to a compensation 
scheme in Oslo, that gives employees compensation for a 
change in their historical DB pension arrangements.
Note 32. Trade and other payables
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Trade payables  149,416  162,482 
Social security and other taxes (excluding income tax)  52,630  42,524 
Employees' entitlements (a)  92,642  92,417 
Accrued expenses  118,377  97,614 
Other payables  2,778  1,250 
Total  415,843  396,287 
(a) Amounts include salaries payable, bonus accruals, severance (signed contracts) and vacation accruals.
The carrying values of current trade and other payables are 
reasonable approximations of their fair values. These 
balances do not bear interest.
Trade payables included an impact of €118.3 million (2022: 
€116.3 million) related to Nord Pool power purchases.
8 Financial Statements
286


Page 289:
Note 33. Contract liabilities
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Listing admission fees  105,002  107,427 
Bond lifetime fees  9,268  9,887 
Other (a)  25,029  21,669 
Total  139,299  138,983 
Current  79,270  75,198 
Non Current  60,029  63,785 
Total  139,299  138,983 
(a) Includes contract liabilities related to Indices licenses, software maintenance & hosting and corporate services 
The contract liabilities primarily relate to received 
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from 
customers for the initial (or subsequent) listing of equity 
securities, bond lifetime fees, indices licenses, software 
maintenance & hosting and corporate services. Contract 
liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs 
under the contract.
The significant changes in contract liabilities are disclosed in 
Note 8.1.2.
Note 34. Geographical information
The geographical information of the Group’s revenue from 
contracts with customers is disclosed in Note 8.1.1. Other 
geographical information is disclosed below.
In thousands of 
euros France Italy Netherlands
United 
Kingdom Belgium Portugal Ireland
United 
States Norway Sweden Denmark Finland Germany Total
2023
Property, plant and 
equipment 8,224 36,528 12,971 1,055 226 11,758 17,236 678 23,887 8 1,501 — 301  114,373 
Intangible assets 
other than Goodwill 
(a)
646 1,741,845 73,980 3,210 2 2,812 15,758 30,530 198,726 112 63,482 45 —  2,131,148 
2022
Property, plant and 
equipment 8,068 26,702 19,551 376 238 9,723 17,928 921 24,551 — 1,331 — —  109,389 
Intangible assets 
other than Goodwill 
(a)
1,174 1,772,795 61,647 4,512 4 3,779 17,452 34,287 223,302 303 63,579 132 —  2,182,966 
(a) Goodwill is monitored at the Group level and therefore not allocated by country.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 287

Page 290:
Note 35. Financial instruments
35.1 Financial instruments by category
The financial instruments held by the Group are set out below. 
As at 31 December 2023
In thousands of euros
Amortised 
cost
FVOCI 
equity 
instruments
FVOCI 
debt 
instruments FVPL Total
Financial assets
CCP trading assets at fair value  —  —  —  14,019,233  14,019,233 
Assets under repurchase transactions  144,640,320  —  —  —  144,640,320 
Other financial assets traded but not yet settled  —  —  —  2,703,024  2,703,024 
Debt instruments at fair value through OCI  —  —  116,286  —  116,286 
Other instruments held at fair value  —  —  —  119,746  119,746 
Other receivables from clearing members  6,121,477  —  —  —  6,121,477 
Cash and cash equivalents of clearing members  15,995,132  —  —  —  15,995,132 
Total financial assets of the CCP clearing business  166,756,929  —  116,286  16,842,003  183,715,218 
Financial assets at fair value through OCI  —  262,655  —  —  262,655 
Financial assets at amortised cost  3,452  —  —  —  3,452 
Trade and other receivables  303,515  —  —  —  303,515 
Derivative financial instruments  —  —  —  —  — 
Other current financial assets  32,907  —  70,146  —  103,053 
Cash and cash equivalents  1,275,826  —  —  172,962  1,448,788 
Total  168,372,629  262,655  186,432  17,014,965  185,836,681 
Financial liabilities
CCP trading liabilities at fair value  —  —  —  14,019,233  14,019,233 
Liabilities under repurchase transactions  144,640,320  —  —  —  144,640,320 
Other financial liabilities traded but not yet settled  —  —  —  2,703,024  2,703,024 
Other payables to clearing members  22,469,668  —  —  —  22,469,668 
Total financial liabilities of the CCP clearing business  167,109,988  —  —  16,722,257  183,832,245 
Borrowings (non-current)  3,031,629  —  —  —  3,031,629 
Borrowings (current)  17,286  —  —  —  17,286 
Derivative financial instruments  —  —  —  34  34 
Other current financial liabilities  —  —  —  —  — 
Trade and other payables  415,843  —  —  —  415,843 
Total  170,574,746  —  —  16,722,291  187,297,037 
The nature and composition of the CCP clearing business assets and liabilities are explained in the accounting policies section in 
Note 3.
8 Financial Statements
288


Page 291:
As at 31 December 2022
In thousands of euros
Amortised 
cost
FVOCI 
equity 
instruments
FVOCI 
debt 
instruments FVPL Total
Financial assets
CCP trading assets at fair value  —  —  —  7,486,731  7,486,731 
Assets under repurchase transactions  134,172,307  —  —  —  134,172,307 
Other financial assets traded but not yet settled  —  —  —  8,296  8,296 
Debt instruments at fair value through OCI  —  —  1,753,811  —  1,753,811 
Other instruments held at fair value  —  —  —  12,315  12,315 
Other receivables from clearing members  9,795,350  —  —  —  9,795,350 
Cash and cash equivalents of clearing members  13,613,729  —  —  —  13,613,729 
Total financial assets of the CCP clearing business  157,581,386  —  1,753,811  7,507,342  166,842,539 
Financial assets at fair value through OCI  —  249,718  28,501  —  278,219 
Financial assets at amortised cost  2,312  —  —  —  2,312 
Trade and other receivables  318,087  —  —  —  318,087 
Derivative financial instruments  —  —  —  —  — 
Other current financial assets  67,242  —  95,498  —  162,740 
Cash and cash equivalents (a)  894,923  —  —  106,159  1,001,082 
Total  158,863,950  249,718  1,877,810  7,613,501  168,604,979 
Financial liabilities
CCP trading liabilities at fair value  —  —  —  7,486,731  7,486,731 
Liabilities under repurchase transactions  134,172,307  —  —  —  134,172,307 
Other financial liabilities traded but not yet settled  —  —  —  8,296  8,296 
Other payables to clearing members  25,191,350  —  —  —  25,191,350 
Total financial liabilities of the CCP clearing business  159,363,657  —  —  7,495,027  166,858,684 
Borrowings (non-current)  3,027,161  —  —  —  3,027,161 
Borrowings (current)  17,370  —  —  —  17,370 
Derivative financial instruments  —  —  —  19  19 
Trade and other payables  396,287  —  —  —  396,287 
Total  162,804,475  —  —  7,495,046  170,299,521 
(a) The portion of cash and cash equivalents held in Money Market Funds, which are correctly measured at fair value with gains and losses recognised 
through profit or loss as per 31 December 2022, have been onerously presented as amortised cost in the above table. As a result, this portion of cash 
and cash equivalents has been amended to be reflected in the correct column that agrees to the classification of such cash and cash equivalents.
The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the 
financial instruments is discussed in Note 37. The maximum 
exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is 
the carrying amount of each class of financial assets 
mentioned above.
35.2 Fair value measurement
35.2.1 Fair value hierarchy
The table below analyses financial instrument carried at fair 
value, by valuation method. The different levels have been 
defined as follows:
▪ Level 1: quoted prices in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities
▪ Level 2: inputs that are based on observable 
market data, directly or indirectly
▪ Level 3: unobservable inputs
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 289

Page 292:
In thousands of euros Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
As at 31 December 2023
Assets
Financial assets at FVOCI
Unlisted equity securities  —  —  262,655  262,655 
Quoted debt instruments  70,146  —  —  70,146 
Quoted debt instruments of CCP clearing business  116,286  —  —  116,286 
Financial assets at FVPL
Derivative instruments of CCP clearing business  14,019,233  —  —  14,019,233 
Other instruments of CCP clearing business  2,822,770  —  —  2,822,770 
Money market funds  172,962  —  —  172,962 
Total assets  17,201,397  —  262,655  17,464,052 
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at FVPL
Derivative instruments of CCP clearing business  14,019,233  —  —  14,019,233 
Other instruments of CCP clearing business  2,703,024  —  —  2,703,024 
Other derivative instruments (a)  —  34  —  34 
Total liabilities  16,722,257  34  —  16,722,291 
(a) Including foreign exchange spot transactions of €34k in Nord Pool
As at 31 December 2022
Assets
Financial assets at FVOCI
Unlisted equity securities  —  —  249,718  249,718 
Quoted debt instruments  123,999  —  —  123,999 
Quoted debt instruments of CCP clearing business  1,753,811  —  —  1,753,811 
Financial assets at FVPL
Derivative instruments of CCP clearing business  7,486,731  —  —  7,486,731 
Other instruments of CCP clearing business  20,611  —  —  20,611 
Money market funds (a)  106,159  —  —  106,159 
Total assets  9,491,311  —  249,718  9,741,029 
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at FVPL
Derivative instruments of CCP clearing business  7,486,731  —  —  7,486,731 
Other instruments of CCP clearing business  8,296  —  —  8,296 
Other derivative instruments (b)  —  19  —  19 
Total liabilities  7,495,027  19  —  7,495,046 
(a) The portion of cash and cash equivalents held in Money Market Funds, which are correctly measured at fair value with gains and losses recognised 
through profit or loss as per 31 December 2022, have been onerously presented as amortised cost in the above table. As a result, this portion of cash 
and cash equivalents has been amended to be reflected in the correct column that agrees to the classification of such cash and cash equivalents.
(b) Including foreign exchange spot transactions of €19k in Nord Pool.
The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers 
out of fair value hierarchy levels at the end of the reporting 
period. There were no transfers between the levels of fair 
value hierarchy in 2023 and 2022. The Group did not measure 
any financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value on a 
non-recurring basis as at 31 December 2023.
35.2.2. Fair value measurements using quoted prices in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1)
The quoted debt instruments primarily relate to investments 
in listed bonds held by Euronext Securities Copenhagen and 
Euronext Clearing's own fund investments in government 
bonds. 
The quoted debt instruments of CCP clearing business 
represent an investment portfolio in predominantly 
government bonds funded by the margins and default funds 
deposited by members of the CCP clearing business. 
The derivative instruments of CCP clearing business 
comprise open transactions not settled at the reporting date 
on the derivatives market in which Euronext Clearing 
operates as a central counterparty. The other instruments of 
CCP clearing business include clearing member trading 
balances for equity and debt instruments that are marked to 
market on a daily basis.
Investments in funds are solely composed of money market 
funds which are redeemed within a three-month cycle after 
acquisition and have contractual cash flows that do not 
represent solely payments of principal and interest.
Fair values of the instruments mentioned above are 
determined by reference to published price quotations in an 
active market.
35.2.3. Fair value measurements using observable market 
data, directly or indirectly (level 2)
Foreign exchange spot transactions comprises agreements 
between two parties to buy one currency against selling 
another currency at an agreed price for settlement on the 
8 Financial Statements
290


Page 293:
spot date. Fair value is based on the foreign exchange rates at 
the balance sheet date.
35.2.4. Fair value measurements using unobservable inputs (level 3) 
The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the period ended 31 December 2023, which are recognised in the 
line item 'Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income' in the balance sheet. Revaluations are reflected in the 
line 'Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income' in the statement of comprehensive 
income:
Unlisted equity 
securities
Contingent 
consideration 
payables
Redemption 
liability TotalIn thousands of euros
As at 31 December 2021  207,693  —  —  207,693 
Revaluations recognised in OCI  42,054  —  —  42,054 
Revaluations recognised in P&L  —  —  —  — 
Additions / (disposals)  —  —  —  — 
Payments  —  —  —  — 
Acquisitions / (incurrences)  —  —  —  — 
Exchange differences and other  (29)  —  —  (29) 
As at 31 December 2022  249,718  —  —  249,718 
Revaluations recognised in OCI  11,865  —  —  11,865 
Revaluations recognised in P&L  —  —  —  — 
Additions / (disposals)  1,214  —  —  1,214 
Payments  —  —  —  — 
Acquisitions / (incurrences)  —  —  —  — 
Exchange differences and other  (142)  —  —  (142) 
As at 31 December 2023  262,655  —  —  262,655 
Valuation process
Concerning the valuation process for fair value measurement 
categorised within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the 
Group’s central treasury department collects and validates 
the available level 3 inputs and performs the valuation 
according to the Group’s valuation methodology for each 
reporting period. The fair value estimates are discussed 
with-, and challenged by the Group Finance Director and the 
Chief Financial Officer. Periodically the values of investments 
categorised in “level 3” are validated by staff with extensive 
knowledge of the industry in which the invested companies 
operate. Although valuation techniques are applied 
consistently as a principle, Management, upon advice from 
the Group’s valuation experts, may decide to replace a 
valuation technique if such a change would improve the 
quality or the reliability of the valuation process.
Unlisted equity securities in Euroclear S.A./N.V. and 
Sicovam Holding S.A.
For measuring fair value of its long-term investments in 
unlisted equity securities in Euroclear S.A/N.V. and Sicovam 
Holding S.A., the Group applied a weighted approach, using 
both the Gordon Growth Model (with return on equity and 
expected dividend growth rate as key non-observable 
parameters) and recent observed market transactions taking 
into account an illiquidity discount for the limited number of 
transactions.
In 2023, the high interest rates environment led to a sharp 
increase of net interest earnings at Euroclear, which is 
predominantly driven by interests linked to frozen assets as a 
result of Russian sanctions and countermeasures. 
The European Commission is contemplating various options 
to use the profits generated by sanctioned amounts held by 
financial institutions, including Euroclear, for the financing of 
Ukraine’s reconstruction.
Since considerable uncertainties persist, Euroclear considers 
it necessary to separate the estimated sanction-related 
earnings from the ‘underlying’ financial results when 
assessing the company’s performance and resources. 
For this reason, the Group used the ‘underlying’ financial 
results published by Euroclear (i.e. excluding Russian-
sanctions related assets/earnings), as an input for its primary 
valuation technique. 
In addition, for measuring the fair value of Sicovam Holding 
S.A, the Group applied an illiquidity discount as an 
unobservable input for which a sensitivity impact of +10%/
(-10%) would amount to a decrease or (increase) of €8.2 
million in the fair value (2022: €8.2 million). More information 
on the investments is further disclosed in Note 20.
The key assumptions used in the Gordon Growth Model 
valuation model are shown in the tables below. The sensitivity 
analysis shows the impact on fair value using the most 
favorable combination (increase), or least favorable 
combination (decrease) of the unobservable inputs per 
investment in unlisted equity securities.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 291

Page 294:
2023:
In thousands of euros
Fair value at 31 
December 2023 Unobservable inputs *)
Range of inputs 
(probability-weighted 
average)
Relationship of unobservable inputs 
to fair value
Increase decrease
Euroclear S.A./N.V.  187,577 Return on equity 9.7% - 10.7% (10.2%)  5,668  (5,004) 
Expected dividend growth 
rate
1.0% - 2.0%
(1.5%)
Sicovam Holding S.A.  73,483 Return on equity 9.7% - 10.7% (10.2%)  2,043  (2,107) 
Expected dividend growth 
rate
1.0% - 2.0%
(1.5%)
*) There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair value
2022:
In thousands of euros
Fair value at 31 
December 2022 Unobservable inputs *)
Range of inputs 
(probability-weighted 
average)
Relationship of unobservable 
inputs to fair value
Increase decrease
Euroclear S.A./N.V.  175,888 Return on equity 9.2% - 10.2% (9.7%)  4,563  (5,039) 
Expected dividend 
growth rate
0.5% - 1.5%
(1.0%)
Sicovam Holding S.A.  73,483 Return on equity 9.2% - 10.2% (9.7%)  1,775  (1,960) 
Expected dividend 
growth rate
0.5% - 1.5%
(1.0%)
*) There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair value
35.2.5. Fair values of other financial instruments
The Group also has a number of financial instruments which 
are not measured at fair value in the balance sheet. For these 
instruments the fair values approximate their carrying 
amounts, except for non-current borrowings which fair value 
amounts to €2,683 million as per 31 December 2023 ( 2022: 
€2,446 million).
As per 31 December 2023, trade and other receivables 
included €76.9 million (2022: €70.3 million) of Nord Pool 
power sales positions and trade and other payables included 
€118.3 million (2022: €116.3 million) of Nord Pool power 
purchases positions.
35.3. Net Treasury Income through CCP business by 
classification
For the year ended 31 December 2023, net treasury income 
through CCP clearing business is earned from instruments 
held at amortised cost or fair value as follows: 
▪ A total €44.9 million gain was earned from financial 
assets and financial liabilities held at amortised cost 
(€778.4 million from interest income on liabilities 
held at amortised cost and €733.5 million from 
interest expenses on assets held at amortized cost). 
In 2022, a total €55.3 million gain was earned from 
financial assets and financial liabilities held at 
amortised cost (€28.6 million from interest income 
on liabilities held at amortised cost and €26.7 million 
from interest expenses on assets held at amortized 
cost).
▪ A net €1.7 million gain (2022: €11.3 million loss) was 
incurred from assets held at fair value (€6.6 million 
income and €4.9 million expense (2022: €32.3 
million income and €43.6 million expense)).
▪ Furthermore in 2022, a revaluation loss of €48.9 
million was incurred, following a one–off partial 
disposal of the debt investment portfolio held at 
Euronext Clearing. The Group recycled the related 
loss from Other Comprehensive Income to net 
treasury income.
35.4. Offsetting within clearing member balances
CCP clearing business financial assets and liabilities are 
offset and only the net amount is presented in the 
consolidated balance sheet when there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there 
is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise the asset 
and settle the liability simultaneously.
The following table shows the offsetting breakdown by 
products:
8 Financial Statements
292


Page 295:
As at 31 December 2023
Gross amounts Amount offset
Net amount as 
reportedIn thousands of euros
Derivative financial asset  27,838,819  (13,819,586)  14,019,233 
Reverse repurchase agreements  159,532,977  (14,892,657)  144,640,320 
Other  5,824,758  (3,121,735)  2,703,023 
Total assets  193,196,554  (31,833,978)  161,362,576 
Derivative financial liabilities  (27,838,819)  13,819,586  (14,019,233) 
Reverse repurchase agreements  (159,532,977)  14,892,657  (144,640,320) 
Other  (5,824,758)  3,121,735  (2,703,023) 
Total liabilities  (193,196,554)  31,833,978  (161,362,576) 
As at 31 December 2022
Gross amounts Amount offset
Net amount as 
reportedIn thousands of euros
Derivative financial asset  22,371,041  (14,884,310)  7,486,731 
Reverse repurchase agreements  145,460,677  (11,288,370)  134,172,307 
Other  17,777  (9,481)  8,296 
Total assets  167,849,495  (26,182,161)  141,667,334 
Derivative financial liabilities  (22,371,041)  14,884,310  (7,486,731) 
Reverse repurchase agreements  (145,460,677)  11,288,370  (134,172,307) 
Other  (17,777)  9,481  (8,296) 
Total liabilities  (167,849,495)  26,182,161  (141,667,334) 
Note 36. Related parties
36.1. Transactions with related parties
The Group has related party relationships with its associates 
and joint ventures (as described in Note 7). Transactions with 
associates and joint ventures are generally conducted with 
terms equivalent to arm’s length transactions. Transactions 
between subsidiaries are not included in the description as 
these are eliminated in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The interests in Group Companies are set out in 
Note 4. 
Substantially all transactions with related parties and 
outstanding year-end balances reflect the positions with 
associate LCH SA and are reported in the tables below:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Sales to related parties  36,889  83,515 
Purchases from related parties  19,456  36,818 
In thousands of euros As at 31 
December 
2023
As at 31 
December 
2022
Receivables from related parties  260  3,925 
Payables to related parties  918  600 
On 6 July 2023, the Group sold its 11.1% interest in associate 
LCH SA to LCH Group Ltd. 
Therefore, as from the sale of the investment, the 
transactions with LCH SA do not qualify as “related party 
transactions” under IAS 24. Consequently the related party 
note reflects the transactions with LCH SA up to 6 July 2023.
36.2. Key management remuneration
The other related parties disclosure relates entirely to the key 
management of Euronext, being represented by the 
company’s Managing Board and Supervisory Board.
The compensation expense recognised for key management 
is as follows:
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 293

Page 296:
2023
In thousands of euros
Managing 
Board
Supervisory 
Board Total
Short term benefits  (7,480)  (1,244)  (8,724) 
Share-based payment costs (a)  (4,121)  —  (4,121) 
Post-employment benefits  (179)  —  (179) 
Termination benefits  (862)  —  (862) 
Total benefits  (12,642)  (1,244)  (13,886) 
(a) Share based payments costs are recognised in accordance with IFRS 2.
2022
In thousands of euros
Managing 
Board
Supervisory 
Board Total
Short term benefits  (6,947)  (1,245)  (8,192) 
Share-based payment costs (a)  (3,810)  —  (3,810) 
Post-employment benefits  (180)  —  (180) 
Termination benefits  —  —  — 
Total benefits  (10,937)  (1,245)  (12,182) 
(a) Share based payments costs are recognised in accordance with IFRS 2.
Note 37. Financial risk management
As a result of its operating and financing activities, the Group 
is exposed to market risks such as interest rate risk, currency 
risk and credit risk. The Group has implemented policies and 
procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor and 
report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the 
appropriate management and supervisory bodies. The Group’s 
central treasury team is charged with identifying risk 
exposures and monitoring and managing such risks on a daily 
basis. To the extent necessary and permitted by local 
regulation, the Group’s subsidiaries centralise their cash 
investments, report their risks and hedge their exposures in 
coordination with the Group’s central treasury team. The 
Group performs sensitivity analyses to determine the effects 
that may result from market risk exposures. The Group uses 
derivative instruments solely to hedge financial risks related 
to its financial position or risks that are otherwise incurred in 
the normal course of its commercial activities. The Group 
does not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 
37.1 Liquidity risk
The Group would be exposed to a liquidity risk in the case 
where its short-term liabilities become, at any date, higher 
than its cash, cash equivalents, short-term financial 
investments and available bank facilities and in the case 
where the Group is not able to refinance this liquidity deficit, 
for example, through new banking lines. 
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term financial investments 
are managed as a global treasury portfolio invested in non-
speculative financial instruments, readily convertible to cash, 
such as bank balances, money market funds, overnight 
deposits, term deposits and other money market 
instruments, thus ensuring a very high liquidity of the 
financial assets. The Group’s policy is to ensure that cash, 
cash equivalents and available bank facilities allow the Group 
to repay its financial liabilities at all maturities, even 
disregarding incoming cash flows generated by operational 
activities, excluding the related party loans granted by the 
Group’s subsidiaries to its Parent.
The net position of current financial assets, financial 
liabilities and available credit facilities, excluding working 
capital items, as of 31 December, 2023 and 2022 is described 
in the table below:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Cash cash equivalents and short term investments  1,551,841  1,163,822 
Available revolving credit facility (RCF)  600,000  600,000 
Financial debt (long term and short term borrowings)  (3,048,915)  (3,044,531) 
Net position  (897,074)  (1,280,709) 
The Group has a €600 million revolving credit facility (2022: 
€600 million) that can be used for general corporate or M&A 
purposes (see Note 29). As of 31 December 2023, the Group 
did not have any amounts drawn under the facility.
The Group reviews its liquidity and debt positions on an 
ongoing basis, and subject to market conditions and strategic 
considerations, may from time to time re-examine the debt 
structure of its debt and modify the maturity profile and the 
sources of financing. The Group is able to support short term 
liquidity and operating needs through existing cash balance 
and its strong ability to generate adequate cash flow. The 
Group has generally access to debts markets, including bank 
facilities, and may be able to obtain additional debt or other 
sources of financing to finance its strategic development, 
provided that its financial risk profile allows it to do so. 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the 
Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted 
8 Financial Statements
294


Page 297:
payments, including principal - and interest amounts, 
expected throughout the life of the obligations:
In thousands of euros
Maturity < 1 
year
Maturity between 1 
and 5 years
Maturity > 5 
years Total
2023
Trade and other payables  415,843  —  —  415,843 
Borrowings  27,688  1,194,250  2,088,938  3,310,876 
Lease liabilities  22,865  30,666  13,069  66,600 
2022
Trade and other payables  396,287  —  —  396,287 
Borrowings  27,688  1,191,562  2,119,313  3,338,563 
Lease liabilities (a)  28,786  20,208  2,163  51,157 
(a) The figures for the comparative period were adjusted, as these were onerously reflecting 'discounted' lease liabilities, whereas 'undiscounted' 
lease liabilities should have been disclosed.
Liquidity risk - CCP clearing business
The Group’s CCP must maintain a level of liquidity (consistent 
with regulatory requirements) to ensure the smooth operation 
of its respective markets and to maintain operations in the 
event of a single or multiple market stress event or member 
failure. This includes the potential requirement to liquidate 
the position of a clearing member under a default scenario 
including covering the associated losses and the settlement 
obligations of the defaulting member.
The Group’s CCP maintains sufficient cash and cash 
equivalents and has access to intraday central bank 
refinancing (collateralized with ECB eligible bonds) along with 
commercial bank credit lines to meet in a timely manner its 
payment obligations. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s 
CCP had €440 million (2022: €420 million) credit lines granted 
by commercial banks serving as liquid recourse to mitigate 
liquidity risks according to EMIR regulation. None of the credit 
lines had been used as of 31 December 2023.
Revised regulations requires the CCP to ensure that 
appropriate levels of back-up liquidity are in place to underpin 
the dynamics of a largely secured cash investment 
requirement, ensuring that the maximum potential outflow 
under extreme market conditions is covered (see credit risk 
section). The Group’s CCP monitors its liquidity needs daily 
under normal and stressed market conditions. Where 
possible, the Group employs guaranteed delivery versus 
payment settlement techniques and manages CCP margin 
and default fund flows through central bank or long-
established, bespoke commercial bank settlement 
mechanisms. Monies due from clearing members remain the 
clearing members’ liability if the payment agent is unable to 
effect the appropriate transfer. In addition, the Group's CCP 
maintains operational facilities with commercial banks to 
manage intraday and overnight liquidity. 
In line with the investment policy and the regulatory 
requirements, the Group’s CCP has deposited the default 
funds and margin mainly at the Central Bank of Italy as per 31 
December 2023. As per 31 December 2022 the default funds 
and margin were partially invested in Government bonds with 
an average maturity of less than 12 months. Even though 
these financial assets are generally held to maturity, a forced 
liquidation of the investment portfolio could lead to losses 
and lack of required liquidity.
In thousands of euros Maturity < 1 year
Maturity between 
1 and 2 years
Maturity between 
2 and 3 years Total
2023
Investment portfolio  116,286  —  —  116,286 
2022
Investment portfolio  1,753,811  —  —  1,753,811 
The table below analyses the Group’s CCP financial liabilities 
into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining 
period from the balance sheet date to the contractual 
maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table reflect the 
contractual undiscounted cash flows.
In thousands of euros
Maturity < 1 
year
Maturity between 1 
and 5 years
Maturity > 5 
years Total
2023
CCP clearing member liabilities  183,832,245  —  —  183,832,245 
2022
CCP clearing member liabilities  166,858,684  —  —  166,858,684 
37.2 Interest rate risk
Substantially all interest-bearing financial assets and 
liabilities of the Group are either based on floating rates or 
based on fixed rates with an interest term of less than one 
year, except for the fixed rated Bonds #1 to #5, which have 
maturities between 5 and 20 years (see Note 29). Until 3 May 
2022, the Group had entered into interest rate swap contracts 
in order to hedge the interest rate risk inherent to the fixed 
rate Bond #1. As a result, the Group was exposed to fair value 
risk affecting fixed-rate financial assets and liabilities 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 295

Page 298:
through its remaining fixed rate Bonds #2 to #5. On 3 May 
2022, the Group terminated its fixed-to-floating interest rate 
swap agreements (at an aggregated notional of €500 million) 
in relation to the fair value hedge of the €500 million Bond #1 
(see Note 23).
As at 31 December 2023 and 2022 the interest rate exposure 
of the Company was as follows:
Currency Position in EUR Positions in GBP Positions in USD Positions in NOK Positions in DKK
Type of rate and maturity 
In thousands of euro
Floating 
rate with 
maturity < 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity > 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity < 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity > 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity < 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity > 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity < 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity > 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity < 
1 year
Floating 
rate with 
maturity > 
1 year
2023
Interest bearing financial assets (a)  437,656  170  36,549  —  22,191  —  134,316  —  34,937  — 
Interest bearing financial liabilities  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Net position before hedging  437,656  170  36,549  —  22,191  —  134,316  —  34,937  — 
Net position after hedging  437,656  170  36,549  —  22,191  —  134,316  —  34,937  — 
2022
Interest bearing financial assets (a)  620,734  216  44,557  —  23,749  —  100,312  —  40,540  — 
Interest bearing financial liabilities  (8)  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Net position before hedging  —  216  44,557  —  23,749  —  100,312  —  40,540  — 
Net position after hedging  620,726  216  44,557  —  23,749  —  100,312  —  40,540  — 
Currency Position in EUR Positions in GBP Positions in USD Positions in NOK Positions in DKK
Type of rate and maturity 
In thousands of euro
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity < 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity > 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity < 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity > 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity < 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity > 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity < 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity > 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity < 
1 year
Fixed rate 
with 
maturity > 
1 year
2023
Interest bearing financial assets (a)  734,777  —  13,649  —  33,661  —  44,186  —  31,239  — 
Interest bearing financial liabilities  17,355  3,031,629  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Net position before hedging  717,422  (3,031,629)  13,649  —  33,661  —  44,186  —  31,239  — 
Net position after hedging  717,422  (3,031,629)  13,649  —  33,661  —  44,186  —  31,239  — 
2022
Interest bearing financial assets (a)  248,226  —  5,657  —  29,105  —  57,242  —  25,953  — 
Interest bearing financial liabilities  17,362  3,027,161  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Net position before hedging  230,864  (3,027,161)  5,657  —  29,105  —  57,242  —  25,953  — 
Net position after hedging  230,864  (3,027,161)  5,657  —  29,105  —  57,242  —  25,953  — 
(a) Includes cash and cash equivalents and non-current financial assets at amortised cost.
The Group is exposed to cash-flow risk arising from net 
floating-rate positions. 
The Group was a net borrower in Euros exposed to fixed 
interest rates and a net lender in Euros exposed to floating 
rates at 31 December 2023 and 2022. Therefore, the 
sensitivity of net interest income to a parallel shift in the 
interest curves is that a 0.5% increase/decrease of the rate 
would have resulted in an increase/decrease of net interest 
income of €2.2 million based on the positions at 31 December 
2023 (2022: €3.1 million).
The Group was a net lender in Pound Sterling at 31 December 
2023 and 2022. The sensitivity of net interest income to a 
parallel shift in the interest curves is that a 0.5% increase/
decrease of the rate would have resulted in an increase/
decrease of net interest income of €0.2 million based on the 
positions at 31 December 2023 (2022: €0.2 million).
The Group was a net lender in US Dollar at 31 December 2023 
and 2022. The sensitivity of net interest income to a parallel 
shift in the interest curves is that a 0.5% increase/decrease 
of the rate would have resulted in an increase/decrease of net 
interest income of €0.1 million based on the positions at 31 
December 2023 (2022: €0.1 million).
The Group was a net lender in Norwegian Kroner at 31 
December 2023 and 2022. The sensitivity of net interest 
income to a parallel shift in the interest curves is that a 0.5% 
increase/decrease of the rate would have resulted in an 
increase/decrease of net interest income of €0.5 million 
based on the positions at 31 December 2023 (2022: €0.5 
million).
The fluctuation of the DKK against the EUR is set within the 
bandwidth +/-2.25% as an exchange rate mechanism 
established by the Denmark's National Bank. Therefore, 
8 Financial Statements
296


Page 299:
currency risk sensitivity inherent to the Group exposure to 
that currency is deemed to be irrelevant.
Interest rate risk - CCP clearing business
The Group’s CCP faces interest rate exposure through the 
impact of changes in the reference rates used to calculate 
member liabilities versus the yields achieved through their 
predominantly secured investment activities.
In the Group’s CCP, interest bearing assets are generally 
invested in secured instruments or structures and for a longer 
term than interest bearing liabilities, whose interest rate is 
reset daily. This makes investment revenue vulnerable to 
volatility in overnight rates and shifts in spreads between 
overnight and term rates. On daily basis the interest rate risk 
associated to investments is monitored via capital 
requirements.
The Group's CCP has an investment policy, mitigating market 
risks. The Group's CCP investments have an average duration 
of around one year and are generally held until maturity. 
Losses will not materialise unless the investment portfolio is 
liquidated before maturity or in an event of portfolio 
rebalancing before maturity. In case of a forced liquidation of 
the CCP's financial investment portfolio before maturity to 
provide necessary liquidity, the CCP may face higher interest 
rate exposure on its financial investment portfolio. The 
interest rate exposure of the investment portfolio is 
predominantly at fixed rates (only a negligible part is at 
floating rates) at the amounts and maturities as disclosed in 
Note 37.1. As per 31 December 2023, an increase/decrease of 
the rate by 100 basis points would have an increasing/
decreasing impact on the investment portfolio market value 
of €0.5 million or 0.20% (2022: €3.8 million or 0.20%).
37.3 Currency risk 
Foreign currency translation risk:
The Group’s net assets are exposed to the foreign currency 
risk arising from the translation of assets and liabilities of 
subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the euro. 
The following table summarises the assets and liabilities 
recorded in respectively GBP, USD and NOK functional 
currency and the related impact of a 10% in/decrease in the 
currency exchange rate on balance sheet and profit or loss:
In thousands 2023 2022
Assets £ 89,586 £ 71,760 
Liabilities £ (11,759) £ (12,465) 
Net currency position £ 77,827 £ 59,295 
Net currency position after hedge £ 77,827 £ 59,295 
Absolute impact on equity of 10% in/decrease in the currency exchange rate € 8,977 € 6,697 
Absolute impact on profit for the period of 10% in/decrease in the currency exchange rate Not  Material Not Material
In thousands 2023 2022
Assets $ 198,636 $ 203,405 
Liabilities $ (8,502) $ (11,231) 
Net currency position $ 190,134 $ 192,174 
Absolute impact on equity of 10% in/decrease in the currency exchange rate € 17,224 € 17,952 
Absolute impact on profit for the period of 10% in/decrease in the currency exchange rate € 520 € 921 
In thousands 2023 2022
Assets kr 11,094,389 kr 10,753,715 
Liabilities kr (2,527,631) kr (2,493,787) 
Net currency position kr 8,566,758 kr 8,259,928 
Absolute impact on equity of 10% in/decrease in the currency exchange rate € 76,326 € 78,670 
Absolute impact on profit for the period of 10% in/decrease in the currency exchange rate € 1,469 € 1,780 
Most operating revenue and expenses in the various 
subsidiaries of the Group are denominated in the functional 
currency of each relevant subsidiary. The Group’s 
consolidated income statement is exposed to foreign 
currency risk arising from receivables and payables 
denominated in currencies different from the functional 
currency of the related entity.
The Group's general policy is not to hedge foreign exchange 
risk related to its net investments in foreign currency. 
However, the Group may use derivatives instruments 
designated as hedge of net investment or foreign 
denominated debt to manage its net Investment exposures. 
The decision to hedge the exposure is considered on a case 
by case basis since the Group is generally exposed to major, 
well established and liquid currencies. The Group would, by 
the same token, hedge transaction risk arising from cash 
flows paid or received in a currency different from the 
functional currency of the group contracting entity on a case 
by case basis.
37.4. Equity Market risk
The Group’s investment in publicly traded equity securities 
was insignificant in 2023 and 2022. The Group's investments 
in non-publicly traded equity securities are disclosed in Note 
20.
37.5. Credit risk
The Group is exposed to credit risk in the event of a 
counterparty’s default. The Group is exposed to credit risk 
from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables), 
from its financing activities and from the investment of its 
cash and cash equivalents and short-term financial 
investments. The Group limits its exposure to credit risk by 
rigorously selecting the counterparties with which it executes 
agreements. Most customers of the Group are leading 
financial institutions that are highly rated. Investments of 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 297

Page 300:
cash and cash equivalents in bank current accounts and 
money market instruments, such as short-term fixed and 
floating rate interest deposits, are governed by rules aimed at 
reducing credit risk: maturity of deposits strictly depends on 
credit ratings, counterparties' credit ratings are permanently 
monitored and individual counterparty limits are reviewed on 
a regular basis. In addition to the intrinsic creditworthiness of 
counterparties, the Group's policies also prescribe the 
diversification of counterparties (banks, financial institutions, 
funds) so as to avoid a concentration of risk. Derivatives are 
negotiated with leading high-grade bank.
Credit risk - CCP clearing business
In its role as CCP clearer to financial market participants, the 
Group’s CCP guarantees final settlement of transactions 
acting as buyer towards each seller and as seller towards 
each buyer. It manages substantial credit risks as part of its 
operations including unmatched risk positions that might 
arise from the default of a party to a cleared transaction.
Clearing membership selection is based upon supervisory 
capital, technical and organisational criteria. Each member 
must pay margins, computed and collected at least daily, to 
cover the exposures and theoretical costs which the CCP 
might incur in order to close out open positions in the event of 
the member’s default. Margins are calculated using 
established and internationally acknowledged risk models and 
are debited from participants’ accounts through central bank 
accounts and via commercial bank payment systems. 
Minimum levels of cash collateral are required. Non-cash 
collateral is revalued daily but the members retain title of the 
asset and the Group only has a claim on these assets in the 
event of a default by the member. 
Clearing members also contribute to default funds managed 
by the CCP to guarantee the integrity of the markets in the 
event of multiple defaults in extreme market circumstances. 
Amounts are determined on the basis of the results of 
periodic stress testing examined by the risk committees of 
the CCP. Furthermore, the Group’s CCP reinforces its capital 
position to meet the most stringent relevant regulatory 
requirements applicable to it, including holding a minimum 
amount of dedicated own resources to further underpin the 
protective credit risk framework in the event of a significant 
market stress event or participant failure.
An analysis of the aggregate clearing member contributions 
of margin and default funds across the CCP is shown below:
31 December 
2023
31 December 
2022In thousands of euros
Total collateral pledged
Margin received in cash  15,381,233  17,777,769 
Margin received by title transfer  987,595  625,779 
Default fund total  5,154,917  5,909,844 
Total on balance sheet collateral (a)  21,523,745  24,313,392 
Total member collateral pledged  21,523,745  24,313,392 
(a) The counterbalance of the total on balance sheet collateral is included in the line 'other payables to clearing members' in the table at Note 35.1
Investment counterparty risk for CCP margin and default 
funds is managed by investing the cash element in 
instruments or structures deemed ‘secure’, including through 
direct investments in highly rated, ‘regulatory qualifying’ 
sovereign bonds and supra-national debt, investments in tri-
party and bilateral reverse repos (receiving high-quality 
government securities as collateral) in certain jurisdictions 
and deposits with the central bank of Italy. As per December 
2023 the margin and default funds were mainly deposited 
with the Central Bank of Italy. The small proportion of cash 
that is invested unsecured is placed for short durations with 
highly rated counterparties where strict limits are applied 
with respect to credit quality, concentration and tenor. 
31 December 
2023
31 December 
2022In thousands of euros
Investment portfolio  116,286  1,753,811 
CCP other financial assets (a)  116,286  1,753,811 
Clearing member cash equivalents - short term deposits  10,084  10,011 
Clearing member cash  - central bank deposits  15,983,047  13,601,918 
Clearing member cash  - other banks  2,001  1,800 
Total clearing member cash (b)  15,995,132  13,613,729 
(a)  The CCP other financial assets are included in the line 'Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income' in the table at Note 
35.1.
(b)  The total clearing member cash is included in the line 'Cash and cash equivalents of clearing members'' in the table at Note 35.1.
Distress can result from the risk that certain governments 
may be unable or find it difficult to service their debts. This 
could have adverse effects, particularly on the Group’s CCP, 
potentially impacting cleared products, margin collateral, 
investments, the clearing membership and the financial 
industry as a whole. 
Specific risk frameworks manage country risk for both fixed 
income clearing and margin collateral and all clearing 
members’ portfolios are monitored regularly against a suite of 
sovereign stress scenarios. Investment limits and 
8 Financial Statements
298


Page 301:
counterparty and clearing membership monitoring are 
sensitive to changes in ratings and other financial market 
indicators, to ensure the Group’s CCP is able to measure, 
monitor and mitigate exposures to sovereign risk and respond 
quickly to anticipated changes. Risk Committees maintain an 
ongoing watch over these risks and the associated policy 
frameworks to protect the Group against potentially severe 
volatility in the sovereign debt markets. The Group’s 
sovereign exposures at the end of the financial reporting 
period were:
31 December 
2023
31 December 
2022In thousands of euros
Sovereign investments
Italy  14,899  392,962 
Spain  25,889  609,319 
EU Central (a)  —  144,737 
Portugal  —  389,740 
France  29,915  166,099 
Germany  26,810  14,950 
Ireland  —  — 
Netherlands  —  16,112 
Belgium  28,857  29,903 
Total for all countries (b)  126,370  1,763,822 
(a) 'EU Central' consists of supra-national debts.
(b) The total sovereign investments include the investment portfolio of CCP clearing business assets as disclosed in the line 'Debt instruments at fair 
value through other comprehensive income' in the table at Note 35.1.
37.5.1 Impairment of financial assets
The Group’s trade and contract receivables and other debt 
financial assets at amortised cost or FVOCI (including CCP 
clearing business) are subject to the expected credit loss 
model. While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to 
the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, the identified 
impairment loss was considered immaterial.
Trade and contract receivables
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to 
measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime 
expected loss allowance for all trade and contract 
receivables.
To measure expected credit losses, trade and contract 
receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk 
characteristics and the days past due. The historical loss 
rates are based on the payment profiles of the sales over a 
period of 24 months before reporting date and the 
corresponding historical credit losses experience within this 
period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect 
current and forward-looking factors specific to the debtors 
and economic environment. Generally trade receivables are 
written-off when there is no reasonable expectation of 
recovery. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the 
reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial 
assets disclosed in Note 21. The Group evaluates the 
concentration of credit risk with respect to trade and 
contract receivables as low, as most of its customers are 
leading financial institutions that are highly rated.
Set out below is the information about the credit risk 
exposure on the Group’s trade and contract receivables using 
a provision matrix as at 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
31 December 2023:
Trade receivables
30-60 61-90 > 91
In thousands of euros
Contract 
Receivables Current
days past 
due
days past 
due
days past 
due Total
Expected credit loss rate  0.06 %  0.06 %  0.23 %  0.50 %  1.32 %
Collectively assessed receivables  29,100  185,707  36,154  12,249  20,825  284,035 
Expected credit loss collective basis  17  107  84  62  275  545 
Expected credit loss rate  —  —  —  —  100.0 %
Individually assessed receivables  —  —  —  —  8,040  8,040 
Expected credit loss individual basis  —  —  —  —  8,040  8,040 
Total expected credit loss  17  107  84  62  8,315  8,585 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 299

Page 302:
31 December 2022:
Trade receivables
In thousands of euros
Contract 
Receivables Current
30-60
days past 
due
61-90
days past 
due
> 91
days past 
due Total
Expected credit loss rate  0.07 %  0.07 %  0.28 %  0.67 %  1.78 %
Collectively assessed receivables  32,096  175,477  35,980  14,215  39,853  297,621 
Expected credit loss collective basis  21  115  102  96  710  1,044 
Expected credit loss rate  —  —  —  —  100.0 %
Individually assessed receivables  —  —  —  —  6,304  6,304 
Expected credit loss individual basis  —  —  —  —  6,304  6,304 
Total expected credit loss  21  115  102  96  7,014  7,348 
In 2023, the increase in loss allowance provision for 
individually assessed receivables related to an increase of 
specific debtors, which showed a significant increase in 
credit risk. This increase is partly offset by a decrease of the 
loss allowance provision for collectively assessed receivables, 
which was due to a lower customer base in the highest 
category of days outstanding and a mathematical reduction in 
historical loss rates (caused by a decrease in historical credit 
losses).
Other debt financial assets at amortised cost or FVOCI 
(including CCP clearing business)
The other debt financial assets comprise i) debt investments 
at amortised cost, which include short-term deposits with a 
maturity over three months, ii) debt investments at FVOCI, 
which include investments in listed bonds and government 
bonds and iii) CCP clearing business financial assets at 
amortised cost or FVOCI.
The other debt financial assets at amortised cost or FVOCI 
(including CCP clearing business) are considered to have low 
credit risk, as the issuers of the instruments have a low risk of 
default evidenced by their strong capacity to meet their 
contractual cash flow obligations in the near term. The Group 
closely monitors its CCP investment portfolio and invests only 
in government debt and other collateralised instruments 
where the risk of loss is minimal. There was no increase in 
credit risk in the year and none of the assets are past due. The 
loss allowance recognised during the period was therefore 
limited to 12 months expected credit losses. The Group did 
not recognise any material provision for expected credit 
losses on its other debt financial assets at amortised cost or 
FVOCI (including CCP clearing business) as per 31 December 
2023 (2022: not material). The amount of credit-impaired 
financial assets is considered not significant.
37.6 Capital management
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to 
safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, 
to comply with regulatory requirements and to maintain an 
optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital and 
provide return to shareholders. Certain entities of the Group 
are regulated as Exchanges, as Central Securities Depository 
(CSD) or as Clearing House and are subject to certain 
statutory regulatory requirements based on their local 
statutory financial statements and risks. In general, the 
financial ratios of the Group’s subsidiaries significantly 
exceed the regulatory requirements and they maintain a 
safety cushion in order to avoid any concern from the 
regulators.
Euronext N.V. must comply with prudential requirements, as a 
result of an agreement reached with the Dutch Finance 
Ministry in May 2016, which are set forth in three pillars:
■ A minimum Total Equity level equal of at least € 250 
million; and
■ The Group shall take care of stable financing. Long-
term assets of the Group will be financed with 
shareholders equity and long term liabilities, to the 
satisfaction of the AFM; and
■ The Group shall have a positive regulatory capital on 
a consolidated basis. The regulatory capital is 
calculated according to the following formula: the 
paid up share capital plus the freely available 
reserves less the items listed in section 36 of 
Regulation (EU) no. 575/201. In deviation to 
mentioned formula, the value of the intangible fixed 
assets in connection with Mergers and Acquisitions 
will be deducted in 10 (default) or more (20 for Oslo 
Børs ASA) equal instalments (grow in period) from 
the regulatory capital. Considering a consistent 
dividend policy, the grow in period can be extended 
if the P/E ratio would exceed 10 times. If the grow in 
period and the related dividend policy provide for a 
negative a regulatory capital for a limited number of 
years of the gown-in period, then this fact will not 
prevent the execution of the consistent and prudent 
dividend policy of the Group in those years.
As per 31 December 2023, Euronext N.V. complied with these 
requirements. 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. is subject to a minimum statutory 
capital requirement of €730 thousand, shall have a regulatory 
capital in the amount of 50% of the direct fixed cost of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. during the preceding financial year 
and in addition the cash and cash equivalents shall be higher 
than the required minimum regulatory capital to operate as an 
exchange in the Netherlands. As per 31 December 2023, 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. was in compliance with these 
requirements. 
Euronext Brussels SA/NV shall maintain adequate financial 
resources at its disposal to ensure orderly functioning of the 
market. The law mentions that FSMA may, by a regulation, set 
financial ratios for market operators and determine which 
financial information they are required to provide. At this 
date, no quantitative requirements has ever been set either 
by a regulation or by the Financial Authority FSMA.
Euronext Dublin shall at all time hold a minimum level of 
capital based on the Basic Capital Requirement and the 
8 Financial Statements
300


Page 303:
Systematic Capital Add-on and maintain liquid financial 
assets at least equal to the sum of these two amounts of 
required capital. As per 31 December 2023, Euronext Dublin 
complied with these requirements.
Euronext Lisbon S.A. shall maintain minimum statutory share 
capital of €3.0 million and shall maintain minimum statutory 
equity of €6.0 million. In addition, Euronext Lisbon's liabilities 
must not exceed its own funds (basically the amount of 
equity). As per 31 December 2023, Euronext Lisbon complied 
with these requirements.
Euronext Paris S.A. shall maintain statutory regulatory equity 
at no less than 50% of its yearly expenses and a solvency ratio 
on operational risks at no less than 8%. As per 31 December 
2023, Euronext Paris S.A. complied with these requirements.
Interbolsa S.A. shall maintain minimum statutory share capital 
of €2.75 million and shall maintain minimum statutory equity 
of €5.5 million. In addition, as a CSD, Interbolsa S.A. shall hold 
an amount of capital, including retained earnings and 
reserves, higher or equal to the sum of CSD’S capital 
requirements. As per 31 December 2023, Interbolsa S.A. 
complied with these requirements.
VPS ASA shall comply with the capital requirement regulation 
for CSDs. As such, it shall hold an amount of capital, including 
retained earnings and reserves, higher or equal to the sum of 
CSD's capital requirements. As per 31 December 2023, VPS 
ASA complied with this requirement.
Oslo Børs ASA must maintain an adequate level of primary 
capital. In this context, primary capital comprises equity after 
deducting items including intangible assets such as system 
development costs and deferred tax assets. Although the 
Norwegian legislation does not stipulate any specific 
quantitative level of capital requirements, Oslo Børs ASA 
maintains at all times sufficient liquid assets and capital 
resources. As per 31 December 2023, Oslo Børs ASA complied 
with these requirements.
Euronext Markets Singapore Pte Ltd. shall maintain a 
minimum regulatory capital requirement (a) 18% of its annual 
operating revenue, (b) 50% of its annual operating costs, and 
(c) $500,000 restricted cash deposit. As per 31 December 
2023, Euronext Markets Singapore Pte Ltd. complied with 
these requirements.
VP Securities AS shall comply with the capital requirement 
regulation for CSDs. As such, it shall hold an amount of 
capital, including retained earnings and reserves, higher or 
equal to the sum of CSD's capital requirements. As per 31 
December 2023, VP Securities AS complied with this 
requirement.
Borsa Italiana S.p.A  must comply with Article 3 of the Italian 
CONSOB Markets Regulation. As such, it shall maintain 1) a net 
equity (share capital, reserves and undistributed profits) at 
least equal to operating costs necessary to cover six months 
based on the latest audited Financial statements and 2) an 
amount of liquid assets sufficient to cover estimated 
potential losses in stressed but plausible market conditions 
calculated using a risk-based approach which considers 
operational risks as well as other risks to which the regulated 
operator might be exposed to. As per 31 December 2023 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. complied with these requirements.
Monte Titoli S.p.A. shall comply with article 47 of the CSDR 
regulation. As such, it shall hold capital (inclusive of 
undistributed profits and “Total Capital Requirement” 
reserves) which, at any time, is sufficient to guarantee that 
the CSD is adequately protected against operational, legal, 
custody, investment and commercial risks, so that it may 
continue to provide services; ensure a liquidation or an 
orderly restructuring of the activities of the CSD in an 
adequate period of at least 6 months, in the context of a 
series of stress scenarios. The capital thus identified must be 
invested in secured assets in order to comply with the 
provisions of Article 46 paragraph 4 of the CSDR Regulation.  
As per 31 December 2023, Monte Titoli S.p.A. complied with 
this requirement.
Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A. must comply with 
Article 2 of EMIR based on which it must have capital 
(including undistributed profits and reserves) which at all 
times is sufficient to cover the total exposure to the following 
risks:
▪ risks relating to the liquidation or restructuring of 
assets,
▪ credit, counterparty's and market risks,
▪ operational and legal risks, and
▪ business risks.
The capital thus identified must be invested in secured assets 
for the purpose of complying with Article 47 of EMIR. As per 31 
December 2023, Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A. 
complied with these requirements.
MTS S.p.A. must comply with Article 3 of the Italian CONSOB 
Markets Regulation. As such, it shall maintain 1) a net equity 
(share capital, reserves and undistributed profits) at least 
equal to operating costs necessary to cover six months based 
on the latest audited Financial statements and 2) an amount 
of liquid assets sufficient to cover estimated potential losses 
in stressed but plausible market conditions calculated using a 
risk-based approach which considers operational risks as well 
as other risks to which the regulated operator might be 
exposed to. As per 31 December 2023, MTS S.p.A. complied 
with these requirements.
37.7  Changes in liabilities arising from financing 
activities
The changes in liabilities arising from the Group’s financing 
activities in 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 301

Page 304:
In thousands of euros
Borrowings due 
within 1 year
Borrowings due 
after 1 year
Leases due within 
1 year
Leases due after 1 
year
Total liabilities 
from financing 
activity
As at 1 January 2022  17,359  3,044,391  20,993  50,691  3,133,434 
Cash flows  (29,565)  —  (23,417)  —  (52,982) 
Acquisitions  —  —  —  —  — 
Additions (a)  —  —  —  1,904  1,904 
Fair Value adjustments  —  (19,091)  —  —  (19,091) 
Accrued interest  29,576  —  733  —  30,309 
Amortisation and transfer of issue costs  —  1,861  —  —  1,861 
Foreign exchange impacts  —  —  (87)  29  (58) 
Other (a)  —  —  30,244  (30,976)  (732) 
As at 31 December 2022  17,370  3,027,161  28,466  21,648  3,094,645 
Cash flows  (28,711)  —  (28,423)  —  (57,134) 
Acquisitions  —  —  —  —  — 
Additions  —  —  —  37,924  37,924 
Fair Value adjustments  —  2,592  —  —  2,592 
Accrued interest  28,627  —  1,085  —  29,712 
Amortisation and transfer of issue costs  —  1,876  —  —  1,876 
Foreign exchange impacts  —  —  (64)  (77)  (141) 
Other  —  —  21,095  (22,181)  (1,086) 
As at 31 December 2023  17,286  3,031,629  22,159  37,314  3,108,388 
(a) For the lines 'Additions' and 'Other' the figures in the comparative period were adjusted, as the additions should all have been reflected in leases 
due after 1 year. The line 'Other' was adjusted in accordance as this line embeds the effect of reclassification of non-current portion of lease 
liabilities to current due to the passage of time.
The line ‘Other’ includes the effect of reclassification of non-current portion of lease liabilities to current due to the passage of 
time.
Note 38. Contingencies
The Group is involved in a number of legal proceedings or 
activities in the ordinary course of our business where risks 
have arisen which are not reflected in whole or in part in the 
consolidated financial statements. Other than as discussed 
below, management does not expect these pending or 
threatening legal proceedings to have a significant effect on 
the Group’s financial position or profitability. The outcome of 
legal proceedings, however, can be extremely difficult to 
predict and the final outcome may be materially different 
from managements’ expectation.
Euronext Amsterdam Pension Fund
In the court case between Euronext Amsterdam and 
approximately 120 retired and/or former Euronext Amsterdam 
employees, united in an association ("VPGE"), the Higher Court 
ordered Euronext to restore the pension reduction to the 
VPGE members and to pay for indexation of the VPGE 
member’s pensions on 28 July 2020. Euronext lodged an 
appeal in Cassation before the Supreme Court on 23 October 
2020.
On 29 October 2021, the Attorney General ("Advocaat-
Generaal") advised the Supreme Court to annul the decision of 
the Higher Court and to reject the cross-appeal filed by VPGE. 
On 23 September 2022, the Supreme Court has overturned 
the verdict of the Higher Court. The Supreme Court agreed 
with Euronext’s position on all points raised.
In accordance with Dutch procedural rules, the case will now 
be reverted back to the Higher Court that has to take the final 
decision, taking into account the verdict of the Supreme 
Court. The final verdict is expected in May 2024. 
No provision has been booked in connection with this case.
8 Financial Statements
302


Page 305:
Note 39. Commitments
39.1 Capital commitments
As of 31 December, capital expenditures contracted but not 
yet incurred were as follows:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
No later than one year  3,814  3,004 
Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years  2,450  3,264 
Later than 5 years  —  — 
Total  6,264  6,268 
39.2 Guarantees given
As per 31 December 2023, Euronext N.V. participates in a 
number of guarantees within the Group (see Note 59).
39.3 Securities held as custodian
In Portugal, Norway, Denmark and Italy, the Group acts as a 
National Central Securities Depository, operated by 
respectively Euronext Securities Lisbon (Interbolsa), 
Euronext Securities Oslo (Verdipapirsentralen ASA), Euronext 
Securities Copenhagen (VP Securities AS) and Euronext 
Securities Milan (Monte Titoli S.p.A.).
Euronext Securities Lisbon
As at 31 December 2023, the value of securities kept in 
custody by Euronext Securities Lisbon amounted to €388 
billion (2022: €386 billion) based on the market value of 
shares and the nominal value of bonds. The procedures of this 
National Central Securities Depository are focused on the 
provision of notary services, central maintenance services 
and settlement securities services, according to the CSDR 
(Central Securities Depository Regulation). The settlement 
services, provided through T2S platform, have its risks 
mitigated mainly by early warning systems. The reconciliation 
procedures in place mitigate the major risks related to the 
registration of securities.
Euronext Securities Oslo
As at 31 December 2023, the value of securities kept in 
custody by Euronext Securities Oslo amounted to €746 billion 
(2022: €744 billion) based on the market value of shares and 
the nominal value of bonds.
Under the terms of Section 9-1 the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019, Euronext 
Securities Oslo is liable for losses that other parties may incur 
as a result of errors that occur in connection with registration 
activities. This does not apply if Euronext Securities Oslo is 
able to demonstrate that the error was outside Euronext 
Securities Oslo’s control. The statutory liability according to 
Section 9-1, first Paragraph, only applies to direct losses and 
is limited to NOK 500 million for the same error. For losses 
that can be attributed to an account operator, Euronext 
Securities Oslo is jointly and severally liable with the account 
operator for NOK 50 million per error. Above this amount, the 
central securities depository is not liable for losses that can 
be attributed to an account operator.
Euronext Nordics Holding AS has taken out errors and 
omissions insurance for the parent company and its 
subsidiaries, with an annual limit of NOK 967 million and a 
deductible of NOK 10 million per claim. Euronext Securities 
Oslo shares this insurance with the other companies in the 
Group up to a limit of NOK 300 million and is the sole insured 
party for the balance of NOK 667 million. The insurance is 
subject to a limit of NOK 500 million for any one claim.
Euronext Securities Copenhagen
As at 31 December 2023, the value of securities kept in 
custody by Euronext Securities Copenhagen amounted to 
€1,586 billion (2022:€1,443 billion) based on the market value 
of shares and the nominal value of bonds. The procedures of 
this National Central Securities Depository are focused on the 
provision of notary services, central maintenance services 
and settlement securities services, according to the CSDR 
(Central Securities Depository Regulation). The settlement 
services, provided through T2S platform, have its risks 
mitigated mainly by early warning systems. The reconciliation 
procedures in place mitigate the major risks related to the 
registration of securities.
Euronext Securities Milan
As at 31 December 2023, the value of securities kept in 
custody by Euronext Securities Milan amounted to €3,863 
billion (2022:€3,730 billion) based on the market value of 
shares and the nominal value of bonds. The procedures of this 
National Central Securities Depository are focused on the 
provision of notary services, central maintenance services 
and settlement securities services, according to the CSDR 
(Central Securities Depository Regulation). The settlement 
services, provided through T2S platform, have its risks 
mitigated mainly by early warning systems. The reconciliation 
procedures in place mitigate the major risks related to the 
registration of securities.
Note 40. Events after the reporting period
The significant events that occurred between 31 December 
2023 and the date of this report that could have a material 
impact on the economic decisions made based on these 
financial statements are listed below:
Completion of  Share Repurchase Programme
On 3 January 2024, the Group announced that it has 
completed the share repurchase programme announced on 
27 July 2023. Between 31 July 2023 and 3 January 2024, 
2,870,787 shares, or approximately 2.7% of Euronext’s share 
capital, were repurchased at an average price of €69.67 per 
share. This repurchase programme was executed by a 
financial intermediary in compliance with applicable rules and 
regulations, including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 
and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052, 
and based on the authority granted by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders 280991 of Euronext on 17 May 2023.
Authorisation of Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 303

Page 306:
Amsterdam, 28 March 2024
Supervisory Board Managing Board
Piero Novelli (Chair) Stéphane Boujnah (CEO and Chairman)
Dick Sluimers Daryl Byrne
Diana Chan Delphine d’Amarzit
Rika Coppens Fabrizio Testa
Alessandra Ferone Isabel Ucha
Manuel Ferreira da Silva Øivind Amundsen
Padraic O’Connor Simone Huis in ‘t Veld
Nathalie Rachou Benoît van den Hove
Olivier Sichel Manuel Bento
Morten Thorsrud
8 Financial Statements
304


Page 307:
Euronext N.V.
Company Financial Statements 
for the year ended
 31 December 2023
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 305

Page 308:
Company Income Statement
Year ended
In thousands of euros Note 31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Net turnover 42  —  — 
Other operating expenses 43  (13,852)  (15,029) 
Total operating (loss)  (13,852)  (15,029) 
Income from equity investments 44  12,146  9,306 
Other interest income and similar income 44  33,191  18,592 
Other interest expenses and similar charges 44  (79,724)  (47,862) 
Gain on sale of associates 45  53,028  — 
Result before tax  4,789  (34,993) 
Tax 46  12,794  5,406 
Share in result of participations 47  495,984  467,414 
Net result for the year  513,567  437,827 
The above Company Income Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
8 Financial Statements
306


Page 309:
Company Balance Sheet
(Before appropriation of profit)
In thousands of euros Note
As at 31 
December 2023
As at 31 
December 2022
Assets
Fixed assets
Investments in consolidated subsidiaries 47  6,197,563  6,237,933 
Investments in associates and joint ventures 47  —  70,562 
Related party loans 47  460,024  459,408 
Financial assets at fair value through OCI 48  178,734  166,349 
Other non-current financial and other assets 49  714  1,013 
Total financial fixed assets  6,837,035  6,935,265 
Total fixed assets  6,837,035  6,935,265 
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 50  215,279  250,635 
Income tax receivable  31,508  32,383 
Related party loans 51  155,105  155,754 
Total receivables  401,892  438,772 
Other current financial assets  —  10,000 
Total securities 52  —  10,000 
Cash and cash equivalents 52  429,836  258,464 
Total current assets  831,728  707,236 
Total assets  7,668,763  7,642,501 
Shareholders' equity and liabilities
Shareholders' equity
Issued capital  171,370  171,370 
Share premium  2,423,428  2,423,428 
Reserve for own shares  (242,117)  (32,836) 
Retained earnings  1,014,805  820,358 
Legal reserves and other  64,638  93,820 
Profit for the year  513,567  437,827 
Total shareholders' equity 53  3,945,691  3,913,967 
Long-term liabilities
Borrowings 54  3,031,629  3,027,161 
Deferred tax liabilities  20,894  19,202 
Provisions  150  — 
Total long-term liabilities  3,052,673  3,046,363 
Short-term liabilities
Borrowings 54  17,286  17,362 
Related party borrowings 55  242,679  241,007 
Trade and other payables 56  410,434  423,802 
Total short-term liabilities  670,399  682,171 
Total shareholders' equity and liabilities  7,668,763  7,642,501 
The above Company Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 307

Page 310:
Notes to the Company Financial Statements
Note 41. Basis of preparation
Euronext N.V. is a Dutch public company with limited liability 
(naamloze vennootschap ) which has its registered office in 
Amsterdam under Chamber of Commerce number 60234520.
The company financial statements of Euronext N.V. 
(hereafter: the Company) have been prepared in accordance 
with Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. In accordance with 
sub 8 of article 362, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, the 
company’s financial statements are prepared based on the 
accounting principles of recognition, measurement and 
determination of profit, as applied in the consolidated 
financial statements. These principles also include the 
classification and presentation of financial instruments, 
being equity instruments or financial liabilities.
In case no other policies are mentioned, refer to the 
accounting policies as described in the accounting policies in 
the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual report. 
For an appropriate interpretation, the Company Financial 
Statements of Euronext N.V. should be read in conjunction 
with the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Valuation of investments in consolidated subsidiaries
Investments in consolidated subsidiaries are presented at net 
asset value. Net asset value is based on the measurement of 
assets, provisions and liabilities and determination of profit 
based on the principles applied in the consolidated financial 
statements. 
If the valuation of a consolidated subsidiary based on the net 
asset value is negative, it will be stated at nil. If and insofar 
the Company can be held fully or partially liable for the debts 
of the consolidated subsidiary, or has the firm intention of 
enabling the consolidated subsidiary to settle its debts, a 
provision is recognised for this. In determining the value of 
consolidated subsidiaries with a negative equity, any non-
current loans, issued to the consolidated subsidiary, that 
should be seen as part of the net investment are taken into 
account.
Non-current loans are considered to be part of the net 
investment if these loans are not expected to be settled in the 
near future nor planned to be settled in the near future.
Note 42. Net turnover
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Market Data revenues  200,590  188,899 
Recharge of Market Data revenues  (200,590)  (188,899) 
Total  —  — 
Euronext N.V. receives market data revenues. The 
subsidiaries charge Euronext N.V. as market data providers. 
Euronext N.V. does not charge its subsidiaries a fee for its 
role of administering the sale of market data to third parties 
and as such does not recognise a margin on the sales.
Note 43. Other operating expenses
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Systems and communications  (391)  (57) 
Professional services  (6,672)  (3,962) 
Other expenses  (6,789)  (11,010) 
Total  (13,852)  (15,029) 
In 2023, Professional services included €3.6 million (2022: 
€1.2 million) of acquisition costs that mainly related to 
contemplated acquisitions that would increase the perimeter 
of the Group. Other expenses included €3.1 million of 
intercompany service recharges (2022: €8.7 million).
Number of employees
Euronext N.V. had no employees during 2023 and 2022. The 
remuneration of the Supervisory Board is included in other 
expenses.
Note 44. Financial income and expenses
8 Financial Statements
308


Page 311:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Income from equity investments  12,146  9,306 
Interest and similar income  33,191  18,592 
Interest and similar expenses  (56,456)  (36,505) 
Exchange differences  (23,268)  (11,357) 
Total  (34,387)  (19,964) 
In 2023 and 2022, income from equity investments contains 
the dividend received from Euroclear S.A./ N.V. 
The recent evolution of ascending interest rates resulted in 
an increase of interest and similar income, which is primarily 
incurred on the Company's outstanding cash balances. The 
interest rates in the comparative period were at significantly 
lower levels. 
Interest and similar income further includes the interest 
income on related party loans for €21.5 million in 2023 (2022: 
€16.6 million). 
Interest and similar expenses increased following the 
evolution of ascending interest rates during the year and 
includes the interest expenses on related party borrowings 
and cash pool positions with subsidiaries for in total €22.9 
million in 2023 (2022: €3.1 million).
Interest and similar expenses further includes the full year 
impact of interest expenses on the Senior Unsecured Notes 
that are held by the Company.
In 2023 and 2022, the exchange differences are mainly 
triggered by revaluations of the related party loans to 
Euronext Nordics Holding AS, Euronext UK Holdings Ltd., and 
Euronext US Inc.
Note 45. Gain on sale of associates
On 6 July 2023, the Group sold its 11.1% investment in associate LCH SA to LCH Group Ltd for consideration of €111.0 million. The 
investment was held at a carrying amount of €69.4 million, resulting in a gain on disposal of €41.6 million. 
On 30 November 2023, the Group sold its 18.93% investment in associate Tokeny S.a.r.l. for an amount of €11.4 million. As the 
investment was held at a carrying amount of zero million, the full proceeds of the sale were recognised in gain on disposal of 
associates.
Reference is made to Notes 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.
Note 46. Tax
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Result before tax  4,789  (34,993) 
Corporate income tax current financial year  13,339  6,073 
Corporate income tax previous financial years  (545)  (667) 
Total  12,794  5,406 
The effective tax rate mainly deviates from the applicable tax 
rate as a result exempt capital gains realized on the sale of 
LCH SA and Tokeny SarL shares. 
For the year 2023, the statutory corporate income tax rate 
was 25.8%, which will remain stable for 2024. Reference is 
made to Notes 15 and 19 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for more information on the tax rate changes.
2023 2022
Effective tax rate  (267%)  15.4% 
Applicable tax rate  25.8%  25.0% 
Note 47. Investments in consolidated subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and non-
current related party loans
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 309

Page 312:
In thousands of euros
Investments in 
consolidated 
subsidiaries
Investments in 
associates and 
joint ventures
Related party 
loans Total
Net book amount as at 1 January 2022  6,419,938  68,476  469,869  6,958,283 
Investments / (disposals)  (3,282)  —  —  (3,282) 
Capital contributions / (settlements)  21,557  —  —  21,557 
Exchange differences  (26,173)  —  (10,461)  (36,634) 
Share-based payments, subsidiaries  13,994  —  —  13,994 
Actuarial gains/ losses IAS 19  10,567  —  —  10,567 
Revaluation financial assets at FVOCI  20,352  —  —  20,352 
Share in result of participations  458,677  8,737  —  467,414 
Dividend received  (662,827)  (6,651)  —  (669,478) 
Reclassification  —  —  —  — 
Other  (14,870)  —  —  (14,870) 
Total movements in book value  (182,005)  2,086  (10,461)  (190,380) 
Net book amount as at 31 December 2022  6,237,933  70,562  459,408  6,767,903 
Investments / (disposals)  10  (69,415)  25,000  (44,405) 
Capital contributions / (settlements)  —  —  —  — 
Exchange differences  (50,588)  —  (24,384)  (74,972) 
Share-based payments, subsidiaries  14,378  —  —  14,378 
Actuarial gains/ losses IAS 19  (1,176)  —  —  (1,176) 
Revaluation financial assets at FVOCI  5,654  —  —  5,654 
Share in result of participations  489,372  6,612  —  495,984 
Dividend received  (485,631)  (7,759)  —  (493,390) 
Reclassification  —  —  —  — 
Other  (12,389)  —  —  (12,389) 
Total movements in book value  (40,370)  (70,562)  616  (110,316) 
Net book amount as at 31 December 2023  6,197,563  —  460,024  6,657,587 
Investments in consolidated subsidiaries
In 2023, no significant investments or capital contributions 
occurred. In 2022, Euronext N.V. made a capital contribution 
in Euronext Paris S.A. of €21.6 million.
The line 'Other' includes the cost of employee shares vesting 
in the subsidiaries for a total of €11.5 million in 2023 (2022: 
€15.8 million).
Investments in associates and joint ventures
In 2023, the Company sold its investments in associates LCH 
SA and Tokeny Sarl at proceeds of €111.0 million and €11.4 
million respectively. The investments were disposed at a 
carrying amount of €69.4 million, resulting in a gain on sale of 
associates of €53.0 million (See Notes 7 and 14 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements).
In 2022, the investment in joint venture Liquidshare was 
impaired by €1.5 million, which negatively impacted 'share in 
result of participation' (see Note 7 of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements).
Amounts due from subsidiaries
In 2022, Euronext N.V. entered into a loan agreement with 
Euronext Holding Italia S.p.A. at a principal amount of €200.0 
million, with no outstanding amount at end of last year. As per 
31 December 2023, €25.0 million was outstanding and is 
reflected as 'investments'. This loan has a maturity of three 
years and bears an interest rate of EURIBOR plus 0.135%.
Euronext N.V. has a loan agreement of NOK 3,500 million 
entered into with Euronext Nordics Holding AS, to partially 
finance the acquisition of the share capital and voting rights 
of Oslo Børs VPS Holding ASA in 2019. This loan has a maturity 
of five years (to be extended with five years), with a fixed 
interest rate of 3%.
Furthermore, Euronext N.V. has a loan agreement of £16.3 
million entered into with Euronext UK Holdings Ltd. to enable 
the acquisition of Commcise Software Ltd. in 2018. This loan 
has a maturity of ten years and bears an interest rate of 
SONIA plus 0.125%.
In addition, Euronext N.V. has granted three loan agreements 
to Euronext US Inc. for a total amount of $115.3 million, of 
which $110.0 million was granted in order to finance the 
acquisition of FastMatch Inc. in 2017. These loans have a 
maturity of ten years and bear a weighted average interest 
rate of 3.36%.
The interest amounts of the above mentioned loans are 
recognised monthly and are included in Note 51. The long-
term loans in foreign currencies are not expected, nor 
planned, to be settled in the near future. Therefore, these 
loans are regarded as part of the net investment in the foreign 
operation.
As at 31 December 2023, the total outstanding amount of non-
current related party loans are €460.0 million (2022: €459.4 
million).
Note 48. Financial assets at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income
8 Financial Statements
310


Page 313:
The financial assets at fair value through Other 
Comprehensive Income of €178.7 million (2022: €166.3 million) 
represent the direct investments of €177.4 million in 
Euroclear S.A./N.V. and €1.3 million in EuroCTP B.V. (which 
was acquired in 2023). For additional information on this 
investment, reference is made to Note 20 of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
Note 49. Other non-current financial and other assets
As per 31 December 2023 the €0.7 million (2022: €1.0 million) of Other non-current financial and other assets includes the issue 
costs linked to the revolving credit facility.
Note 50. Trade and other receivables
In thousands of euros
As at 31 
December 
2023
As at 31 
December 
2022
Trade receivables  24,794  14,235 
Contract receivables  17,164  11,290 
Allowance for expected credit losses  (33)  (17) 
Trade and contract receivables net  41,925  25,508 
Related party receivables  166,725  220,311 
Tax receivables (excluding income tax)  1,987  1,954 
Prepayments and accrued income  474  232 
Other receivables  4,168  2,630 
Total  215,279  250,635 
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally on 
terms of 30 to 90 days. Contract receivables represent 
amounts in respect of unbilled revenue, for which the Group 
has an unconditional right to the consideration (i.e. only the 
passage of time is required before payment of the 
consideration is due).
As at 31 December 2023, the related party receivables contain 
a €148.0 million (2022: €178.0 million) dividend receivable due 
from Euronext IP & IT Holding B.V.
The fair value of the receivables approximates the book value, 
due to their short-term character.
Set out below is the movement in the allowance for expected 
credit losses of trade and contract receivables:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
As at 1 January  17  22 
Provision for expected credit losses  16  (5) 
Receivables written off during the year  —  — 
At 31 December  33  17 
The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to 
measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime 
expected loss allowance for its trade and contract 
receivables. Reference is made to Notes 3 and 37.5 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements on the inputs used in 
establishing the provision matrix used to calculate the loss 
allowance provision.
Set out below is the information on the credit risk exposure 
on the Company’s trade and contract receivables using a 
provision matrix:
31 December 2023:
Trade receivables
In thousands of euros
Contract 
Receivables Current
30-60 days past 
due
61-90 days past 
due
> 91 days past 
due Total
Expected credit loss rate  0.00%  0.00%  0.01%  0.01%  0.02% 
Collectively assessed receivables  17,164  16,686  3,156  1,642  3,282  41,930 
Expected credit loss collective 
basis  —  —  —  —  1  1 
Expected credit loss rate  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  100.00% 
Individually assessed receivables  —  —  —  —  32  32 
Expected credit loss individual 
basis  —  —  —  —  32  32 
Total expected credit loss  —  —  —  —  33  33 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 311

Page 314:
31 December 2022:
Trade receivables
In thousands of euros
Contract 
Receivables Current
30-60 days past 
due
61-90 days past 
due
> 91 days past 
due Total
Expected credit loss rate  0.02%  0.02%  0.08%  0.16%  0.38% 
Collectively assessed receivables  11,290  10,452  838  776  2,169  25,525 
Expected credit loss collective 
basis  2  2  1  1  8  14 
Expected credit loss rate  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  100.00% 
Individually assessed receivables  —  —  —  —  3  3 
Expected credit loss individual 
basis  —  —  —  —  3  3 
Total expected credit loss  2  2  1  1  11  17 
Note 51. Current related party loans
In thousands of euros
As at 1 January 
2023
Loans 
advanced / 
(settled)
Interest 
accrued / (paid)
As at 31 
December 2023
Current
Euronext Corporate Services B.V.  134,486  —  —  134,486 
Finance Web Working SAS  —  —  —  — 
Interest receivable on non current intercompany loans  20,601  —  (1,771)  18,830 
Interest receivable on current intercompany loans  667  —  1,122  1,789 
Total  155,754  —  (649)  155,105 
In thousands of euros
As at 1 January 
2022
Loans 
advanced / 
(settled)
Interest 
accrued / (paid)
As at 31 
December 2022
Current
Euronext Corporate Services B.V.  134,486  —  —  134,486 
Finance Web Working SAS  228  (228)  —  — 
Interest receivable on non current intercompany loans  26,551  —  (5,950)  20,601 
Interest receivable on current intercompany loans  62  —  605  667 
Total  161,327  (228)  (5,345)  155,754 
The fair value of the related party loans receivable 
approximate their carrying values.
The €134.5 million loan receivable from Euronext Corporate 
Services B.V. has no maturity and is repayable at lender’s or 
borrower’s request upon 48 hours’ notice. The interest 
amounts are paid annually and based on €STER or EURIBOR 3 
months reference rates plus 0.125%.
Note 52. Securities and cash and cash equivalents
The other current financial assets consist of deposits with a 
maturity of more than three months on inception date. In 
2023, there were no outstanding positions for such securities 
(2022: €10.0 million).
Cash and cash equivalents included €356.2 million of deposits 
with a maturity less than three months on inception date 
(2022: €191.3 million).
8 Financial Statements
312


Page 315:
Note 53. Shareholders’ equity
The movements in shareholder’s equity were as follows:
Legal reserves and other
In thousands of euros
Issued 
capital
Share 
premium
Reserve 
for own 
shares
Retained 
earnings
Profit for 
the year
Non-
distributable 
retained 
earnings and 
other 
reserves  
regarding 
subsidiaries
Revaluation 
reserve
Reserve for 
translation 
differences Total
As at 1 January 2022  171,370  2,423,428  (42,778)  601,051  413,344  40,349  53,038  (12,216)  3,647,586 
Share based payments  —  —  —  13,976  —  —  —  —  13,976 
Appropriation of the 
result of preceding 
year  —  —  —  207,359  (413,344)  —  —  —  (205,985) 
Net result for the 
period  —  —  —  —  437,827  —  —  —  437,827 
Transfers within equity  —  —  —  (19,406)  —  19,406  —  —  — 
Exchange rate 
differences  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  (26,169)  (26,169) 
Revaluation 
subsidiaries  —  —  —  30,919  —  —  —  —  30,919 
Other revaluations  —  —  —  —  —  —  19,412  —  19,412 
Purchase of shares  —  —  (18)  —  —  —  —  —  (18) 
Other movements  —  —  9,960  (13,541)  —  —  —  —  (3,581) 
As at 31 December 
2022  171,370  2,423,428  (32,836)  820,358  437,827  59,755  72,450  (38,385)  3,913,967 
Share based payments  —  —  —  14,134  —  —  —  —  14,134 
Appropriation of the 
result of preceding 
year  —  —  —  200,636  (437,827)  —  —  —  (237,191) 
Net result for the 
period  —  —  —  —  513,567  —  —  —  513,567 
Transfers within equity  —  —  —  (13,160)  —  13,160  —  —  — 
Exchange rate 
differences  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  (50,545)  (50,545) 
Revaluation 
subsidiaries  —  —  —  4,478  —  —  —  —  4,478 
Other revaluations  —  —  —  —  —  —  8,203  —  8,203 
Acquisition of NCI 
subsidiaries   —  —  —  (885)  —  —  —  —  (885) 
Purchase of shares  —  —  (219,061)  —  —  —  —  —  (219,061) 
Other movements  —  —  9,780  (10,756)  —  —  —  —  (976) 
As at 31 December 
2023  171,370  2,423,428  (242,117)  1,014,805  513,567  72,915  80,653  (88,930)  3,945,691 
For further information to the shareholder’s equity, see Note 26 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The movements in the shareholder’s equity are before the 
proposed profit appropriation (see Note 59).
The proposed profit appropriation includes the following 
items: addition to legal reserves for €13.2 million, addition to 
retained earnings for €243.6 million and proposed dividends 
of €256.8 million.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 313

Page 316:
Non-distributable retained earnings and other reserves 
regarding subsidiaries
As at 31 December 2023, retained earnings and other reserves 
from subsidiaries are not freely available for distribution for 
an amount of €72.9 million relating to legal reserves (2022: 
€59.8 million). The amount includes a legal reserve for 
capitalised development costs in Dutch subsidiaries of €51.9 
million (2022: €38.5 million).
Revaluation reserve
The revaluation reserve is maintained for the revaluation for 
the financial assets at FVOCI, net of tax. This reserve is a non-
distributable legal reserve.
Reserve for translation differences
The reserve for translation differences concerns all exchange 
rate differences arising from the translation of the net 
investment in foreign entities and the related goodwill. This 
reserve is a non-distributable legal reserve.
Note 54. Borrowings
For additional information on the borrowing positions, a 
reference is made to Note 29 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Note 55. Related Party Borrowings
In thousands of euros
As at 1 January 
2023
Loan 
settlements 
made Loans advanced
Interest 
accrued/(paid)
As at 31 
December 2023
Current
Euronext Paris S.A.  67,000  —  —  —  67,000 
Euronext IP & IT Holding B.V.  84,686  —  —  —  84,686 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  25,000  —  —  —  25,000 
Euronext Brussels S.A./N.V.  60,000  —  —  —  60,000 
Euronext Corporate Services B.V.  3,500  —  —  —  3,500 
Interest payable on intercompany loan  821  —  —  1,672  2,493 
Total  241,007  —  —  1,672  242,679 
In thousands of euros
As at 1 January 
2022
Loan 
settlements 
made Loans advanced
Interest 
accrued/(paid)
As at 31 
December 2022
Current
Euronext Paris S.A.  67,000  —  —  —  67,000 
Euronext IP & IT Holding B.V.  84,686  —  —  —  84,686 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  25,000  —  —  —  25,000 
Euronext Brussels S.A./N.V.  60,000  —  —  —  60,000 
Euronext Corporate Services B.V.  3,500  —  —  —  3,500 
Euronext Lisbon S.A.  30,000  (30,000)  —  —  — 
The Irish Stock Exchange Plc.  30,000  (30,000)  —  —  — 
Interest payable on intercompany loan  89  —  —  732  821 
Total  300,275  (60,000)  —  732  241,007 
The fair value of the related party loans payable approximate 
their carrying values.
The €67.0 million loan payable to Euronext Paris S.A. has no 
maturity and is repayable at lender’s or borrower’s request 
upon 48 hours’ notice. The applicable interest was €STER OIS 
plus 0.125%, payable annually. The sensitivity of the related 
party loan payables to changes in the interest rate is that a 
0.5% increase/decrease of the interest rate will result in an 
increase/decrease of the interest income by €0.3 million 
(2022: €0.3 million).
The €84.7 million loan payable to Euronext IP & IT Holding B.V. 
has no maturity and is repayable at lender’s or borrower’s 
request upon 48 hours’ notice. The interest is Euribor 3 
months plus 0.125% payable annually on two loans.  The 
sensitivity of the related party loan payables to changes in the 
Euribor interest rate is that a 0.5% increase/decrease of the 
8 Financial Statements
314


Page 317:
interest rate will result in an increase/decrease of the interest 
income by €0.4million (2022: €0.4 million). 
The €25.0 million loan payable to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. 
has no maturity and is repayable at lender’s or borrower’s 
request upon 48 hours’ notice. The interest was €STER OIS 
plus 0.125%, payable annually on one loan.  The sensitivity of 
the related party loan payables to changes in the interest rate 
is that a 0.5% increase/decrease of the interest rate will 
result in an increase/decrease of the interest income by €0.1 
million (2022: €0.1 million).
The €60.0 million loan payable to Euronext Brussels S.A./N.V. 
has no maturity and is repayable at lender’s or borrower’s 
request upon 48 hours’ notice. The interest is Euribor 3 
months plus 0.125% payable annually on one loan.  The 
sensitivity of the related party loan payables to changes in the 
interest rate is that a 0.5% increase/decrease of the interest 
rate will result in an increase/decrease of the interest income 
by €0.3 million (2022: €0.3 million).
The €3.5 million loan payable to Euronext Corporate Services 
B.V. has no maturity and is repayable at lender’s or borrower’s 
request upon 48 hours’ notice. The interest was €STER OIS 
plus 0.125%, payable annually on one loan.
In 2022, the Company repaid the €30.0 million loan payable to 
Euronext Lisbon S.A. and the €30.0 million loan payable to 
The Irish Stock Exchange Plc.
Note 56. Trade and other payables
In thousands of euros
As at 31 
December 2023
As at 31 
December 2022
Trade payables  69  59 
Amounts due to subsidiaries  408,927  420,773 
Other  1,438  2,970 
Total  410,434  423,802 
As at 31 December 2023, the amounts due to subsidiaries 
contains a €387.9 million cash pool position with the 
subsidiaries (2022: €408.4 million).
The carrying values of current trade and other payables are 
reasonable approximations of their fair values. These 
balances do not bear interest.
Note 57. Managing Board and Supervisory Board remuneration
57.1 Managing Board remuneration
2023
In thousands of euros Fixed Benefits
Variable 
Benefits
Share-based 
payment costs
Post-
employment 
benefits
Termination 
payments Total Benefits
Stéphane Boujnah  1,024  1,425  1,896  —  —  4,345 
Chris Topple (a)  352  304  324  25  862  1,867 
Daryl Byrne  293  200  297  32  —  822 
Delphine d’Amarzit  352  270  219  —  —  841 
Manuel Bento (b)  257  400  105  —  —  762 
Isabel Ucha  252  140  150  35  —  577 
Simone Huis in 't Veld  310  220  268  23  —  821 
Fabrizio Testa  412  378  264  26  —  1,080 
Øivind Amundsen  260  201  169  11  —  641 
Benoît van den Hove (c)  95  100  22  6  —  223 
Vincent van Dessel (c)  235  —  407  21  —  663 
Total  3,842  3,638  4,121  179  862  12,642 
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 315

Page 318:
2022
In thousands of euros Fixed Benefits
Variable 
Benefits
Share-based 
payment costs
Post-
employment 
benefits
Termination 
payments Total Benefits
Stéphane Boujnah  880  1,237  1,844  —  —  3,961 
Chris Topple  431  414  500  30  —  1,375 
Daryl Byrne  295  220  300  32  —  847 
Delphine d’Amarzit  348  270  144  —  —  762 
Georges Lauchard (d)  246  —  —  —  —  246 
Isabel Ucha  248  160  189  34  —  631 
Simone Huis in 't Veld  323  220  264  26  —  833 
Fabrizio Testa (e)  255  378  165  8  —  806 
Øivind Amundsen  293  227  167  12  —  699 
Vincent van Dessel  402  100  237  38  —  777 
Total  3,721  3,226  3,810  180  —  10,937 
(a) Chris Topple decided to resign from his position as Member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V. as per 8 November 2023.
(b) At the Annual General Meeting held on 17 May 2023, Manuel Bento was appointed as a member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.
(c) At the Annual General Meeting held on 17 May 2023, Benoît van den Hove was appointed as a member of the Managing Board with effect from 1 July 
2023, following the retirement of Vincent van Dessel.
(d) Georges Lauchard decided to resign from his position as Chief Operating Officer and Member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V. as per 10 
June 2022.
(e) At the Annual General Meeting held on 18 May 2022, Fabrizio Testa was appointed as a member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.
The Company has not granted any loans, advanced payments 
and guarantees to the members of the Managing Board and 
Supervisory Board.
The fixed compensation components consist of base salary 
and other benefits in kind like company car and health care 
insurance, if applicable. These components are linked to the 
overall job responsibilities of the individual Managing Board 
member and reflect internal consistency.
The variable salary consists of an annual performance 
compensation component as a percentage of base salary. The 
percentages are target percentages of the annual base salary, 
which are only payable if all objectives are met. Performance 
criteria are set and reviewed on an annual basis by the 
Remuneration Committee and the Supervisory Board. For 
2023, all bonus targets have been met by the Managing Board.
8 Financial Statements
316


Page 319:
57.2 Euronext Share plans
2023:
in number of RSU Plan
Year of 
Granting
Outstanding 
as at 1 
January 2023 Granted
Performance 
Adjustment Forfeited Vested
Outstanding 
as at 31 
December 
2023
Stéphane Boujnah LTI 2020  15,397  —  7,406  —  (22,803)  — 
LTI 2021  19,275  —  —  —  —  19,275 
LTI 2022  15,684  —  —  —  —  15,684 
LTI 2023  —  22,522  —  —  —  22,522 
Manuel Bento LTI 2020 (a)  1,244  —  598  —  (1,842)  — 
LTI 2021 (a)  1,401  —  —  —  —  1,401 
LTI 2022 (a)  1,520  —  —  —  —  1,520 
LTI 2023  —  4,279  —  —  —  4,279 
Fabrizio Testa LTI 2021 (a)  2,926  —  —  —  —  2,926 
LTI 2022  3,422  —  —  —  —  3,422 
LTI 2023  —  4,054  —  —  —  4,054 
Chris Topple LTI 2020  3,768  —  1,812  —  (5,580)  — 
LTI 2021  3,663  —  —  —  —  3,663 
LTI 2022  4,034  —  —  (4,034)  —  — 
LTI 2023  —  4,669  —  (4,669)  —  — 
Daryl Byrne LTI 2020  2,520  —  1,212  —  (3,732)  — 
LTI 2021  2,365  —  —  —  —  2,365 
LTI 2022  2,566  —  —  —  —  2,566 
LTI 2023  —  3,040  —  —  —  3,040 
Delphine d'Amarzit LTI 2021  2,628  —  —  —  —  2,628 
LTI 2022  2,851  —  —  —  —  2,851 
LTI 2023  —  3,378  —  —  —  3,378 
Isabel Ucha LTI 2020  1,431  —  688  —  (2,119)  — 
LTI 2021  1,343  —  —  —  —  1,343 
LTI 2022  1,457  —  —  —  —  1,457 
LTI 2023  —  1,726  —  —  —  1,726 
Øivind Amundsen LTI 2020  1,531  —  736  —  (2,267)  — 
LTI 2021  1,576  —  —  —  —  1,576 
LTI 2022  1,667  —  —  —  —  1,667 
LTI 2023  —  1,723  —  —  —  1,723 
Simone Huis in 't Veld LTI 2020  2,520  —  1,212  —  (3,732)  — 
LTI 2021  2,365  —  —  —  —  2,365 
LTI 2022  2,566  —  —  —  —  2,566 
LTI 2023  —  3,040  —  —  —  3,040 
Benoît van den Hove LTI 2020 (a)  498  —  240  —  (738)  — 
LTI 2021 (a)  467  —  —  —  —  467 
LTI 2022 (a)  506  —  —  —  —  506 
LTI 2023  —  600  —  —  —  600 
Vincent van Dessel LTI 2020  1,785  —  859  (2,644)  — 
LTI 2021  1,692  —  —  —  —  1,692 
LTI 2022  1,909  —  —  —  —  1,909 
LTI 2023  —  2,513  —  —  —  2,513 
(a) Shares not granted in capacity as member of the Managing Board.
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 317

Page 320:
2022:
in number of RSU Plan
Year of 
Granting
Outstanding 
as at 1 
January 2022 Granted
Performance 
Adjustment Forfeited Vested
Outstanding 
as at 31 
December 
2022
Stéphane Boujnah LTI 2019  12,461  —  12,461  —  (24,922)  — 
LTI 2020  15,397  —  —  —  —  15,397 
LTI 2021  19,275  —  —  —  —  19,275 
LTI 2022  —  15,684  —  —  —  15,684 
Fabrizio Testa LTI 2021 (a)  2,926  —  —  —  —  2,926 
LTI 2022  —  3,422  —  —  —  3,422 
Chris Topple LTI 2019  4,722  —  4,722  —  (9,444)  — 
LTI 2020  3,768  —  —  —  —  3,768 
LTI 2021  3,663  —  —  —  —  3,663 
LTI 2022  —  4,034  —  —  —  4,034 
Daryl Byrne LTI 2019  3,479  —  3,479  —  (6,958)  — 
LTI 2020  2,520  —  —  —  —  2,520 
LTI 2021  2,365  —  —  —  —  2,365 
LTI 2022  —  2,566  —  —  —  2,566 
Delphine d'Amarzit LTI 2021  2,628  —  —  —  —  2,628 
LTI 2022  —  2,851  —  —  —  2,851 
Georges Lauchard LTI 2020  3,360  —  —  (3,360)  —  — 
LTI 2021  3,154  —  —  (3,154)  —  — 
Isabel Ucha LTI 2019  1,976  —  1,976  —  (3,952)  — 
LTI 2020  1,431  —  —  —  —  1,431 
LTI 2021  1,343  —  —  —  —  1,343 
LTI 2022  —  1,457  —  —  —  1,457 
Øivind Amundsen LTI 2020  1,531  —  —  —  —  1,531 
LTI 2021  1,576  —  —  —  —  1,576 
LTI 2022  —  1,667  —  —  —  1,667 
Simone Huis in 't Veld LTI 2020  2,520  —  —  —  —  2,520 
LTI 2021  2,365  —  —  —  —  2,365 
LTI 2022  —  2,566  —  —  —  2,566 
Vincent van Dessel LTI 2019  2,419  —  2,419  —  (4,838)  — 
LTI 2020  1,785  —  —  —  —  1,785 
LTI 2021  1,692  —  —  —  —  1,692 
LTI 2022  —  1,909  —  —  —  1,909 
(a) Shares not granted in capacity as member of the Managing Board.
For additional information on the value of awards granted to the Managing Board reference is made to Note 28 of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
8 Financial Statements
318


Page 321:
57.3 Supervisory Board Remuneration
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Piero Novelli (Chair)  249  253 
Dick Sluimers (Vice-Chair)  179  177 
Diana Chan  114  116 
Rika Coppens  121  113 
Alessandra Ferone  96  90 
Manuel Ferreira da Silva  96  98 
Padraic O’Connor  96  98 
Nathalie Rachou  104  109 
Olivier Sichel  78  75 
Morten Thorsrud  114  116 
Total  1,244  1,245 
During 2023 and 2022, no changes occurred to the 
composition of the Supervisory Board.
58. Audit fees
EY Accountants EY Accountants
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Audit services - group and statutory  3,323  2,911 
Other assurance services  132  119 
Tax services  —  — 
Other non-audit services  —  — 
Total  3,455  3,030 
The audit services relate to the financial year to which the 
financial statements relate, regardless of whether the 
activities were performed by the external auditor and the 
audit firm during the financial year. In addition to the 
performance of the statutory audit of the Group financial 
statements and other (statutory) financial statements of 
Euronext N.V. and its subsidiaries, EY provides a number of 
other assurance services. These other assurance services 
consist of the review of the half year interim financial 
statements and work related to the registration document. 
The comparative figures have been adjusted accordingly, in 
line with the relevant EU regulation.
The total fees of EY Netherlands, charged to Euronext N.V. 
and its consolidated group entities amounted to €1.7 million in 
2023 (2022: €1.7 million).
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 319

Page 322:
59. Commitments and contingencies not included in the balance sheet
Tax group
The Company is the head of a fiscal unity with Euronext 
Amsterdam NV, Euronext IP & IT Holding BV, Euronext 
Corporate Services BV, Company Webcast BV and Ibabs BV. 
Under the standard conditions, the members of the tax group 
are jointly and severally liable for any taxes payable by the 
fiscal unity. Each company within the fiscal unity recognises 
its own tax position on its company balance sheet.
The financial statements of Euronext NV, Euronext 
Amsterdam NV, Euronext IP & IT Holding BV, Ibabs BV and 
Euronext Corporate Services BV. recognise a tax liability 
based on their taxable profit.
Guarantees
The Company participates in a number of guarantees. Within 
the Group, the Company act in the guarantor for certain 
liabilities of its subsidiary up to an amount of €7.4 million 
(2022: €7.6 million). In addition, the Company has provided a 
403 statement for the benefit of Euronext Amsterdam NV and 
Ibabs BV. It should be noted that the Group consistently 
waives guarantee fees for intergroup guarantees, meaning 
these transactions are not at arm’s length.
60. Appropriation of profit
Proposed profit appropriation
The managing board proposes to appropriate the profit of 
€513.6 million as follows:
In thousands of euros 2023 2022
Addition/(deduction) to/(from) legal reserves  13,160  19,406 
Addition to retained earnings  243,623  181,861 
At the disposal of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (Dividend)  256,784  236,560 
Total  513,567  437,827 
In respect of the year ended 31 December 2023, a dividend 
representing a 50% pay out ratio on net profit, amounting to a 
total of €256.8 million is to be proposed to the annual general 
meeting on 15 May 2024. This represents a dividend of €2.48 
per share based on the number of shares outstanding at 31 
December 2023.
In respect of the year ended 31 December 2022, a dividend 
representing a 50% pay out ratio on net profit, (adjusted for 
the net loss realized on the Euronext Clearing Investment 
portfolio amounting to €35.3 million) amounting to a total of 
€236.6 million was proposed to and voted by the annual 
general meeting on 16 May 2023. This represented a dividend 
of €2.22 per share based on the number of shares 
outstanding at 31 December 2022.
In 2023, a total amount of €13.2 million was added to the legal 
reserves, which related to capitalised development costs in 
Dutch subsidiaries.
In 2022, a total amount of €19.4 million was added to the legal 
reserves, which related to capitalised development costs in 
Dutch subsidiaries.
61. Events after the reporting period
The events occurred between 31 December 2023 and the date 
of this report that could have a material impact on the 
economic decisions made based on these financial 
statements, are described in Note 40 of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
8 Financial Statements
320


Page 323:
Authorisation of Company Financial Statements
Amsterdam, 28 March 2024
Supervisory Board Managing Board
Piero Novelli (Chair) Stéphane Boujnah (CEO and Chairman)
Dick Sluimers Daryl Byrne
Diana Chan Delphine d’Amarzit
Rika Coppens Fabrizio Testa
Alessandra Ferone Isabel Ucha
Manuel Ferreira da Silva Øivind Amundsen
Padraic O’Connor Simone Huis in ‘t Veld
Nathalie Rachou Benoît van den Hove
Olivier Sichel Manuel Bento
Morten Thorsrud
Financial Statements
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 321

Page 324:
9
9.1 Profit Appropriation Section
9.2 Independent Auditor's Report
9.3 Limited Assurance Report
9 Other Information
322


Page 325:
9.1 Profit Appropriation Section
Provisions in the Articles of Association relating to  profit 
appropriation
Article 28.2 of the Articles of Association states that from the 
profits, as they appear from the adopted annual accounts, 
first, in the event that the priority share has been issued and 
is held by a party other than the Company, a dividend of ten 
per cent (10%) of the par value of the priority share will be paid 
to the holder of the priority share. The profits which remain 
after application of the first sentence of this Article 28.2 shall 
be at the free disposal of the General Meeting, provided that 
there shall be no further distribution on the priority share, and 
provided that the General Meeting may only resolve on any 
reservation or distribution of profits pursuant to and in 
accordance with a proposal thereto of the Supervisory Board 
or a proposal of the Managing Board, which proposal has been 
approved by the Supervisory Board.
9.2  Independent Auditor’s Report
To: the shareholders and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.
Report on the audit of the financial statements 2023 included in the universal registration 
document
Our opinion
We have audited the financial statements 2023 of Euronext 
N.V. (hereinafter: Euronext or the company)  based in 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The financial statements 
comprise the consolidated and company financial 
statements.
In our opinion:
■ The accompanying consolidated financial 
statements give a true and fair view of the financial 
position of Euronext as at 31 December 2023 and of 
its result and its cash flows for 2023 in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted in the European Union (EU-IFRSs) and with 
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
■ The accompanying company financial statements 
give a true and fair view of the financial position of 
Euronext as at 31 December 2023 and of its result for 
2023 in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code
The consolidated financial statements comprise:
■ The consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 
2023
■ The following statements for 2023: the consolidated 
statements of profit or loss, comprehensive income, 
changes in equity and cash flows
■ The notes comprising material accounting policy 
information and other explanatory information
The company financial statements comprise: 
■ The company balance sheet as at 31 December 2023
■ The company income statement for 2023
■ The notes comprising a summary of the accounting 
policies and other explanatory information
Basis for our opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, 
including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described 
in the Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements section of our report.
We are independent of Euronext in accordance with the EU 
Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit 
of public-interest entities, the Wet toezicht 
accountantsorganisaties (Wta, Audit firms supervision act), 
the Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants 
bij assurance-opdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to 
independence) and other relevant independence regulations 
in the Netherlands. Furthermore we have complied with the 
Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, 
Dutch Code of Ethics).
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Information in support of our opinion
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit 
of the financial statements as a whole and in forming our 
opinion thereon. The following information in support of our 
opinion and any findings were addressed in this context, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion or conclusion on these 
matters.
Our understanding of the business
Euronext is a European market infrastructure group which 
businesses comprise listing, cash trading, derivatives trading, 
fixed income trading, spot FX trading, power trading, investor 
services, advanced data services, post-trade services as well 
as technology solutions. The main subsidiaries are located in 
the Netherlands, France, Italy, Belgium, Ireland, Norway, 
Portugal and Denmark. The FX trading is operated by a 
subsidiary in New York. 
The group is structured in components and we tailored our 
group audit approach accordingly. We paid specific attention 
in our audit to a number of areas driven by the operations of 
the group and our risk assessment.
We determined materiality and identified and assessed the 
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error in order to design audit 
procedures responsive to those risks and to obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. 
Materiality
Other Information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 323

Page 326:
Materiality €34 million (2022: €30 million)
Benchmark applied Approximately 5% of profit before 
income tax (2022: approximately 5% 
of profit before income tax)
Explanation We consider profit before income tax 
as the most appropriate basis to 
determine materiality as it is one of 
the key performance measures for the 
users of the financial statements.
We have also taken into account misstatements and/or 
possible misstatements that in our opinion are material for 
the users of the financial statements for qualitative reasons.
We agreed with the supervisory board that misstatements in 
excess of € 1.7 million, which are identified during the audit, 
would be reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements 
that in our view must be reported on qualitative grounds.
Scope of the group audit
Euronext is at the head of a group of entities (components). 
The financial information of this group is included in the 
consolidated financial statements.
Because we are ultimately responsible for the opinion, we are 
also responsible for directing, supervising and performing the 
group audit. In this respect we have determined the nature 
and extent of the audit procedures to be carried out for the 
components. Decisive were the size and/or the risk profile of 
the group entities or operations. On this basis, we selected 
components for which an audit or review had to be carried out 
on the complete set of financial information or specific items.
Our group audit mainly focused on significant components of 
Euronext in the Netherlands, France, Italy, Norway, Ireland, 
Portugal, Denmark and the United States. We have:
■ Performed audit procedures ourselves at the 
components in the Netherlands and France;
■ Used the work of other component auditors from EY 
Global member firms when auditing the components 
in Italy, Norway, Ireland, Portugal and Denmark
■ Used the work of non-EY auditors for the audit of a 
component in the United States.
We sent instructions to component auditors, covering the 
significant areas and the information required to be reported 
to us. Based on our risk assessment, we determined the level 
of involvement in component audits. We have visited the 
component team in Italy. Our site visits encompassed some, 
or all, of the following activities: reviewing key local working 
papers and conclusions, meeting with local management 
teams and obtaining an understanding of key processes. We 
interacted regularly with the component teams during various 
stages of the audit and reviewed key working papers of 
component auditors.
In total, with these procedures we covered 95% of profit 
before income tax and 99% of the group’s total assets. 
By performing the procedures mentioned above at 
components, together with additional procedures at group 
level, we have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate 
audit evidence about the group’s financial information to 
provide an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
Teaming and use of specialists 
We ensured that the audit teams both at group level and at 
component level included the appropriate skills and 
competences which are needed for an audit of a listed client 
in the market infrastructure industry. We included team 
members with specialized knowledge in the areas of IT audit 
and forensics  and have made use of our own specialists in the 
areas of valuation of financial investments, employee 
benefits, income tax,  purchase price accounting and 
impairment analyses of goodwill and other intangibles.
Our focus on climate risks and the energy transition
Climate change and the energy transition are high on the 
public agenda and lead to significant change for many 
businesses and society. The managing board of Euronext has 
reported in chapter 3 ‘Empower sustainable finance’ of the 
universal registration document how the company is 
addressing climate-related and environmental risks. Euronext 
has identified 11 key issues that impact its sustainable 
development goals that it considers most relevant per impact 
area: our markets, our partners, our people our society and 
our environment. We refer to chapter 3.4 “Euronext five ESG 
impact areas and the sustainable development goals” of the 
universal registration document where the managing board 
discloses its progress made against its key ESG issues, 
supporting Euronext’s five material impact areas. 
As part of our audit of the financial statements, we evaluated 
the extent to which climate-related risks and the effects of 
the energy transition and Euronext’s development goals are 
taken into account in estimates and significant assumptions 
as well as in the design of relevant internal control measures. 
Furthermore, we read the universal registration document 
and considered whether there is any material inconsistency 
between the non-financial information in chapter 3 “Empower 
sustainable finance” and the financial statements.
Based on the audit procedures performed, we do not deem 
climate-related risks to have a material impact on the 
financial reporting judgements, estimates or significant 
assumptions as at 31 December 2023.
Our focus on fraud and non-compliance with laws and 
regulations
Our responsibility
Although we are not responsible for preventing fraud or non-
compliance and we cannot be expected to detect non-
compliance with all laws and regulations, it is our 
responsibility to obtain reasonable assurance that the 
financial statements, taken as a whole, are free from material 
misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error. The risk of 
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.
Our audit response related to fraud risks
We identified and assessed the risks of material 
misstatements of the financial statements due to fraud. 
During our audit we obtained an understanding of the 
company and its environment and the components of the 
system of internal control, including the risk assessment 
process and the managing board’s process for responding to 
the risks of fraud and monitoring the system of internal 
control and how the supervisory board exercises oversight, as 
well as the outcomes. We refer to chapter 2 “Risk 
management & control” of the universal registration 
Other Information
324


Page 327:
document of Euronext for the managing board’s risk 
assessment after consideration of potential fraud risks.
We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system 
of internal control and in particular the fraud risk assessment, 
as well as the code of business conduct and ethics, the 
Euronext anti-fraud and anti-bribery policies, whistleblower 
policy and incident registration. We evaluated the design and 
the implementation and, where considered appropriate, 
tested the operating effectiveness, of internal controls 
designed to mitigate fraud risks. 
As part of our process of identifying fraud risks, we evaluated 
fraud risk factors with respect to financial reporting fraud, 
misappropriation of assets and bribery and corruption in 
close co-operation with our forensic specialists. We 
evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of 
material misstatement due to fraud is present.
We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit. We 
also considered the outcome of our other audit procedures 
and evaluated whether any findings were indicative of fraud 
or non-compliance.
We addressed the risks related to management override of 
controls, as this risk is present in all companies. For these 
risks we have performed procedures among other things to 
evaluate key accounting estimates for management bias that 
may represent a risk of material misstatement due to fraud, in 
particular relating to important judgment areas and 
significant accounting estimates as disclosed in the “critical 
accounting estimates and judgements” section of the 
accounting policies in the notes to the financial statements. 
We have also used data analysis to identify and address high-
risk journal entries and evaluated the business rationale (or 
the lack thereof) of significant extraordinary transactions, 
including those with related parties.
Additionally, as described in our key audit matter related to 
the “Recognition of internally developed software”, given the 
amount of capitalized software development expenses during 
the year, we specifically considered whether management’s 
judgment involved in determining whether IAS 38 “Intangible 
assets” capitalization criteria have been met indicates a 
management bias that may represent a risk of material 
misstatement due to fraud.
When identifying and assessing fraud risks we presumed that 
there are risks of fraud in revenue recognition. We evaluated 
that revenues for the access to Euronext’s market data 
information services as part of the revenues from advance 
data services in particular give rise to this fraud risk, given 
inherent limitations in Euronext’s revenue calculation system. 
We designed and performed our audit procedures relating to 
revenue recognition responsive to this presumed fraud risk 
and we sent out confirmations to customers and used data 
analysis procedures to recalculate the advanced data 
services revenue.
We considered available information and made enquiries of 
the managing board, relevant executives, internal audit, legal, 
compliance, risk management and the supervisory board.
The fraud risks we identified, enquiries and other available 
information did not lead to specific indications for fraud or 
suspected fraud potentially materially impacting the view of 
the financial statements. 
Our audit response related to risks of non-compliance with 
laws and regulations
We performed appropriate audit procedures regarding 
compliance with the provisions of those laws and regulations 
that have a direct effect on the determination of material 
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
Furthermore, we assessed factors related to the risks of non-
compliance with laws and regulations that could reasonably 
be expected to have a material effect on the financial 
statements from our general industry experience, through 
discussions with the managing board, relevant executives, 
internal audit, legal, compliance and risk management, and 
the supervisory board, reading minutes, inspection of internal 
audit and compliance reports, and performing substantive 
tests of details of classes of transactions, account balances 
or disclosures. 
We also inspected lawyers’ letters and correspondence with 
regulatory authorities and remained alert to any indication of 
(suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit. Finally we 
obtained written representations that all known instances of 
non-compliance with laws and regulations have been 
disclosed to us. 
Our audit response related to going concern
As disclosed in section 3. A). “Basis of preparation” of the 
notes to the consolidated financial statements, the financial 
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. 
When preparing the financial statements, the managing board 
made a specific assessment of the company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern and to continue its operations for 
at least twelve months from the date of preparation of the 
financial statements and confirmed this in section 4.2 “In 
Control Statement” of the universal registration document.
We discussed and evaluated the specific assessment with the 
managing board exercising professional judgment and 
maintaining professional skepticism. We considered whether 
the managing board’s going concern assessment, based on 
our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit 
of the financial statements or otherwise, contains all relevant 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
company’s ability to continue as a going concern, with a focus 
on whether the company will continue to comply with 
regulatory liquidity and solvency requirements. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in 
the financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Based on our procedures performed, we did not identify 
material uncertainties about going concern. Our conclusions 
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause a company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Our key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
financial statements. We have communicated the key audit 
matters to the supervisory board. The key audit matters are 
not a comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed. 
In comparison with previous year, the nature of our key audit 
matters did not change.
Other Information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 325

Page 328:
Impairment of goodwill and other purchased intangible assets
Risk Euronext accounts for a significant amount of goodwill and customer relationships on its consolidated 
balance sheet. As described in note 18, goodwill amounts to €4 billion as at 31 December 2023 and other 
purchased intangible assets have a value of €2 billion mostly consisting of acquired customer relations 
which have a finite useful life. Management is required to perform annually an impairment test of goodwill. 
Where indicators of impairment of other purchased intangible assets are identified, a detailed impairment 
test is performed. These impairment tests involve judgement in applying assumptions in the valuation 
models. 
Key judgements and estimates used in the valuation models include cash flow projections, revenue growth, 
discount rates, amortization periods for intangible assets and customer retention rates. The goodwill 
impairment test is disclosed in note 18 with reference to note 3 and did not result in recognition of an 
impairment. As disclosed in note 18, no indicators of impairment of other intangible assets with a finite 
useful life were identified. 
We have determined the impairment of goodwill and other purchased intangibles to be a key audit matter 
due to the size of the goodwill and intangible assets as at 31 December 2023 and the use of judgement by 
management in the impairment test.
Our audit approach Our audit procedures included, amongst others, evaluating the appropriateness of Euronext’s accounting 
policies related to the impairment testing in accordance with IAS 36 “Impairment of assets”. We obtained an 
understanding of the impairment process, evaluated the design of internal controls in respect of impairment 
testing and adopted a substantive audit approach. We performed substantive procedures, including the 
reconciliation of the data used in the impairment calculations and disclosures to source systems.
With involvement of our own specialists in the area of impairment analyses of goodwill and other intangibles, 
we evaluated the model used by Euronext and tested key inputs applied in the goodwill impairment test such 
as the discount rates and growth rates assigned to each of the cash generating units and we evaluated these 
key inputs by comparing them to a range of economic and industry forecasts. 
We assessed the accuracy of forecasts included in the model by comparing the forecasts with the 2024 
budget and 2025 business plan as approved by the managing and supervisory boards and evaluated the 
reasonableness of cash flow forecasts by analyzing the revenue growth rates used. We performed sensitivity 
analysis on the key assumptions (including the model inputs, cash flow forecasts and customer retention 
rates) used in the models to understand the impact that reasonably possible changes to these key inputs 
would have on the carrying amount of the goodwill and could trigger a potential impairment of purchased 
intangible assets at the balance sheet date. 
Finally, we evaluated the adequacy of the relevant disclosures made in the financial statements.
Key observations Based on our procedures performed we consider the valuation of the goodwill and other purchased 
intangible assets to be reasonable in accordance with EU-IFRSs.
Other Information
326


Page 329:
Recognition of internally developed software
Risk The capitalization of expenses for internally developed software involves judgement in assessing the 
capitalization against the recognition criteria set out in IAS 38 “Intangible assets”. Euronext’s accounting 
policy for capitalizing software development costs is disclosed in section 3, under H). (ii) “Internally 
generated intangible assets”. As disclosed in note 18 of the financial statements internally developed 
software capitalization amounts to € 167 million as per 31 December 2023.
We have determined the recognition of internally developed software as an intangible asset to be a key audit 
matter following the internally developed software investments related to among others the ongoing 
implementation of trading platform Optiq at Borsa Italiana and the expansion of the clearing activities to all 
Euronext markets, the use of judgement by management in determining whether the recognition criteria 
were met and the audit effort required to address the matter. We specifically considered the risk that 
expenses are capitalized inappropriately as internally developed software. The internally developed software 
recognised is disclosed in note 18 “Goodwill and other intangible assets” to the financial statements.
Our audit approach We evaluated Euronext’s accounting polices related to the recognition of internally developed software in 
accordance with IAS 38, and whether assumptions and the criteria applied for capitalization are appropriate 
and have been applied consistently. We also obtained an understanding of the recognition process, 
evaluated the design and implementation of internal controls. We adopted a substantive audit approach and 
performed procedures in respect of the capitalized software development costs, including the reconciliation 
of the data used in the calculations and disclosures to source systems.
For a sample of additions, we have agreed amounts recognized to supporting documentation to confirm that 
the costs were incurred and the internally developed software meets the definition of an intangible asset 
and the recognition criteria of IAS 38. For all intangible assets we have tested the appropriateness of the 
amortization period based on historic trends of economic lives and management’s best estimate of future 
performance. 
Finally, we evaluated the adequacy of the relevant disclosures made in the financial statements.
Key observations Based on our procedures performed we consider the recognition of internally developed software to be 
reasonable and in accordance with EU-IFRSs.
Measurement of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Risk Euronext holds a direct and an indirect minority interest in Euroclear S.A. 
As described in note 20 to the financial statements this investment is classified as a financial asset at fair 
value through other comprehensive income. 
As Euroclear is a non-listed company, Euronext developed an internal model to estimate the fair value, as 
disclosed in note 35 to the financial statements. 
A weighted approach is applied which is based on the return on equity, expected dividend growth rate (non-
observable parameters) and cost of capital of comparable regulated entities and market observable 
transactions less a discount for illiquidity. In 2023, Euronext revalued its total interest by €12 million, 
increasing the fair value to €261 million. 
The determination of the fair value of the interest in Euroclear involves significant management judgment 
and assumptions as certain unobservable inputs are used. The use of different valuation techniques and 
assumptions can produce significantly different estimate of fair value. Given the inherent subjectivity we 
determined this a key matter for our audit.
Other Information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 327

Page 330:
Our audit approach Our audit procedures comprised, amongst others, evaluating the appropriateness of Euronext’s accounting 
policies related to the fair valuation of an interest in a non-listed company according to IFRS 9 “Financial 
Instruments” and IFRS 13 “Fair value measurement”. The procedures performed included an evaluation of the 
methodology and the appropriateness of the valuation model for consistency and an assessment against 
generally accepted market practice and inputs used to value the investments. We also obtained an 
understanding of the valuation process, evaluated the design and implementation of internal controls and 
adopted a substantive audit approach.
We used our specialists in the area of valuation of financial investments to independently evaluate the 
valuation performed. As part of these audit procedures, we tested the reasonableness of key inputs used in 
the valuation such as the market observable transfers, and the non-observable parameters, the return on 
equity and expected dividend growth rates. 
Finally, we evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures related to financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. In particular we evaluated whether disclosures adequately convey the degree of 
estimation uncertainty and the range of possible outcomes.
Key observations We consider the measurement of and disclosures on the financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income to be reasonable and in accordance with EU-IFRS.  
Reliability and continuity of the IT environment
Risk The activities and financial reporting of Euronext are highly dependent on the reliability and continuity of the 
IT environment. Effective general IT controls with respect to change management, logical access, 
infrastructure and operations, support the integrity and continuity of the electronic data processing as well 
as the operating effectiveness of the automated controls. 
As described in the risk management Section 2 in the universal registration document, the IT environment 
and the IT organization of Euronext continue to be strengthened. There is a risk that the general IT control 
measures may not always operate as intended and, as a result, internal controls are ineffective. Therefore, 
we identified the reliability and continuity of the IT environment, insofar in scope of our audit of the financial 
statements, to be a key audit matter.
Our audit approach IT audit specialists are an integral part of the engagement team and assess the reliability and continuity of 
the IT environment to the extent necessary for the scope of our audit of the financial statements. In this 
context, we evaluated the design of the IT processes and tested the operating effectiveness of general IT 
controls, as well as application controls over data processing, data feeds and interfaces where relevant for 
the financial reporting.
We performed procedures on access management, cyber security, security event monitoring and 
segregation of duties for the related systems. We also assessed the possible impact of changes in IT during 
the year resulting from the internal transformation activities and remedial measures on the operating 
effectiveness of general IT controls and the automated controls. Where applicable, we tested internal 
controls related to cloud computing and third-party service providers.
Where applicable, we tested internal controls related to cloud computing and third-party service providers.
Key observations Our testing of the general IT controls and the substantive tests performed, provided sufficient evidence to 
enable us to rely on the adequate and continued IT environment relevant for our audit of the financial 
statements.
Report on other information included in the 
universal registration document
The universal registration document contains other 
information in addition to the financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon. 
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude 
that the other information:
■ Is consistent with the financial statements and does 
not contain material misstatements.
■ Contains the information as required by Part 9 of 
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the management 
report and the other information as required by Part 
9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and as required 
b y  S e c t i o n s  2 : 1 3 5 b  a n d  2 : 1 4 5  s u b - s e c t i o n  2  o f  t h e  
Dutch Civil Code for the remuneration report.
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge 
and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial 
Other Information
328


Page 331:
statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the 
other information contains material misstatements. By 
performing these procedures, we comply with the 
requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 and Section 2:135b sub-
Section 7 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. 
The scope of the procedures performed is substantially less 
than the scope of those performed in our audit of the financial 
statements.
The managing board is responsible for the preparation of the 
other information, including the management report in 
accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and 
other information required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code. The managing board and the supervisory board are 
responsible for ensuring that the remuneration report is 
drawn up and published in accordance with Sections 2:135b 
a n d  2 : 1 4 5  s u b - s e c t i o n  2  o f  t h e  D u t c h  C i v i l  C o d e .
Report on other legal and regulatory 
requirements  and ESEF
Engagement
We were engaged by the general meeting of shareholders as 
auditor of Euronext on 19 May 2017, as of the audit for the year 
2017 and have operated as statutory auditor since that date.
No prohibited non-audit services
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as 
referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific 
requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest 
entities.
European Single Electronic Reporting Format (ESEF)
Euronext has prepared the universal registration document in 
ESEF. The requirements for this are set out in the Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical 
standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting 
format (hereinafter: the RTS on ESEF).
In our opinion the universal registration document prepared in 
the XHTML format, including the partially marked-up 
consolidated financial statements as included in the reporting 
package by Euronext, complies in all material respects with 
the RTS on ESEF.
The managing board is responsible for preparing the universal 
registration document, including the financial statements, in 
accordance with the RTS on ESEF, whereby the managing 
board combines the various components into a single 
reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our 
opinion whether the universal registration document in this 
reporting package complies with the RTS on ESEF.
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, 
including Dutch Standard 3950N, ”Assurance-opdrachten 
inzake het voldoen aan de criteria voor het opstellen van een 
digitaal verantwoordingsdocument” (assurance engagements 
relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting). Our 
examination included amongst others:
■ Obtaining an understanding of the company’s 
financial reporting process, including the 
preparation of the reporting package
■ Identifying and assessing the risks that the annual 
report does not comply in all material respects with 
the RTS on ESEF and designing and performing 
further assurance procedures responsive to those 
risks to provide a basis for our opinion, including:
◦ Obtaining the reporting package and performing 
validations to determine whether the reporting 
package containing the Inline XBRL instance 
document and the XBRL extension taxonomy files, 
has been prepared in accordance with the technical 
specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF
◦ Examining the information related to the 
consolidated financial statements in the reporting 
package to determine whether all required mark-ups 
have been applied and whether these are in 
accordance with the RTS on ESEF.
Description of responsibilities regarding the 
financial statements
Responsibilities of the managing board and the 
supervisory board for the financial statements
The managing board is responsible for the preparation and 
fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance 
with EU-IFRSs and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Furthermore, the managing board is responsible for such 
internal control as the managing board determines is 
necessary to enable the preparation of the financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, the 
managing board is responsible for assessing the company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial 
reporting framework mentioned, the managing board should 
prepare the financial statements using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless the managing board either intends 
to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so. The managing board should 
disclose events and circumstances that may cast significant 
doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern 
in the financial statements. 
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the 
company’s financial reporting process.
Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in 
a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate 
audit evidence for our opinion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, 
level of assurance, which means we may not detect all 
material errors and fraud during our audit.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial 
statements. The materiality affects the nature, timing and 
extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the 
effect of identified misstatements on our opinion. 
We have exercised professional judgment and have 
maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit, in 
accordance with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical 
requirements and independence requirements. The 
Information in support of our opinion section above includes 
Other Information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 329

Page 332:
an informative summary of our responsibilities and the work 
performed as the basis for our opinion.
Our audit further included among others:
■ Performing audit procedures responsive to the risks 
identified, and obtaining audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion
■ Obtaining an understanding of internal control 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of 
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
company’s internal control
■ Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting 
policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by the 
managing board
■ Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and 
content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures
■ Evaluating whether the financial statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in 
a manner that achieves fair presentation
Communication
We communicate with the supervisory board regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
findings in internal control that we identify during our audit. In 
this respect we also submit an additional report to the audit 
committee of the supervisory board in accordance with 
Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements 
regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities. The 
information included in this additional report is consistent 
with our audit opinion in this auditor’s report.
We provide the supervisory board with a statement that we 
have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the supervisory board, 
we determine the key audit matters: those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the financial statements. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, not communicating 
the matter is in the public interest.
Amsterdam, 28 March 2024 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP
Signed by J.G. Kolsters
9.3 Limited assurance report of the independent 
auditor on selected ESG Key Performance Indicators
To: the shareholders and supervisory board of Euronext N.V.
Our conclusion
We have performed a limited assurance engagement on 
selected ESG Key Performance Indicators (hereinafter: ESG 
KPIs) in the accompanying Universal Registration Document 
for the year 2023 of Euronext N.V. at Amsterdam. Based on 
our procedures performed and the assurance information 
obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to 
believe that the selected ESG KPIs are not prepared, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the applicable criteria 
as included in the section “Criteria” . The selected ESG KPIs 
are included in chapter “3.5 Summary ESG KPI” and consist of:
Impact areas KPIs
Our markets 1. Number of serious incidents on the regulated markets reported to the College of Regulators
2. Number of operational alerts treated by EMS
3. Availability time of the system Optiq®
4. Proportion of revenues linked to ESG products and services in the global revenues of the group
Our partners 5. Net Promoter Score
6. Percentage of suppliers with SBTi set reduction targets on Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions
Our people 7. Percentage of women in the Senior Leadership Team
Our society 8. Use of the Whistleblower mechanism
9. Data Protection training by new joiners to the company
10. Personal Data breaches
Our environment 11. Carbon footprint (location based
Other Information
330


Page 333:
Basis for our conclusion
We have performed our limited assurance engagement on the 
selected ESG KPIs in accordance with Dutch law, including 
Dutch Standard 3000A ’Assurance-opdrachten anders dan 
opdrachten tot controle of beoordeling van historische 
financiële informatie (attest-opdrachten)’ (Assurance 
engagements other than audits or reviews of historical 
financial information (attestation engagements)). Our 
responsibilities in this regard are further described in the 
section “Our responsibilities for the assurance engagement 
on the selected ESG KPIs” of our report. 
We are independent of Euronext N.V. in accordance with the 
“Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij 
assurance-opdrachten” (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence). 
This includes that we do not perform any activities that could 
result in a conflict of interest with our independent assurance 
engagement. Furthermore, we have complied with the 
“Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants” (VGBA, 
Dutch Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants). We 
believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
conclusion.
Criteria
The criteria applied for the preparation of the selected ESG 
KPIs are the criteria developed by Euronext N.V. and are 
disclosed in chapter 3.5 Summary ESG KPI” of the Universal 
Registration Document.
The comparability of ESG KPIs between entities and over time 
may be affected by the absence of a uniform practice on 
which to draw, to evaluate and measure this information. This 
allows for the application of different, but acceptable, 
measurement techniques. 
Consequently, the selected ESG KPIs need to be read and 
understood together with the criteria applied.
Corresponding information not assured
The adjusted carbon footprint figures for the period 2022 
have not been part of the assurance engagement.  
Consequently, the corresponding adjusted carbon footprint 
figures and thereto related disclosures for the period 2022 
are not assured.  Our conclusion is not modified in respect of 
this matter.
Limitations to the scope of our assurance 
engagement
Our assurance engagement is restricted to the selected ESG 
KPIs. We have not performed assurance procedures on any 
other information as included in the Universal Registration 
Document in light of this engagement.
Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Responsibilities of the managing board and 
the supervisory board for the selected ESG 
KPIs
The managing board is responsible for the preparation of the 
selected ESG KPIs in accordance with the criteria as included 
in the section “Criteria”. The managing board is also 
responsible for selecting and applying the criteria and for 
determining that these criteria are suitable for the legitimate 
information needs of the intended users, considering 
applicable law and regulations related to reporting. The 
choices made by the managing board regarding the scope of 
the selected ESG KPIs and the reporting policy are 
summarized chapter “3.5 Summary ESG KPI” of the Universal 
Registration Document.
Furthermore, the managing board is responsible for such 
internal control as it determines is necessary to enable the 
preparation of the selected ESG KPIs that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the 
reporting process of the selected ESG KPIs of Euronext N.V.
Our responsibilities for the assurance 
engagement on the selected ESG KPIs
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the assurance 
engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient 
and appropriate assurance evidence for our conclusion.
Our assurance engagement is aimed to obtain a limited level 
of assurance to determine the plausibility of the selected ESG 
KPIs. The procedures vary in nature and timing from, and are 
less in extent, than for a reasonable assurance engagement. 
The level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance 
engagement is therefore substantially less than the 
assurance that is obtained when a reasonable assurance 
engagement is performed.
We apply the ’Nadere voorschriften 
kwaliteitssystemen’ (NVKS, regulations for quality 
management systems) and accordingly maintain a 
comprehensive system of quality management including 
documented policies and procedures regarding compliance 
with ethical requirements, professional standards and other 
relevant legal and regulatory requirements.
Our assurance engagement included amongst others:
■ Performing an analysis of the external environment 
and obtaining an understanding of the sector, 
insight into relevant sustainability themes and 
issues and the characteristics of the company as far 
as relevant to the selected ESG KPIs
■ Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria 
applied, their consistent application and related 
disclosures on the selected ESG KPIs. This includes 
the evaluation of the reasonableness of estimates 
made by the managing board
■ Obtaining through inquiries a general understanding 
of the internal control environment, the reporting 
processes, the information systems and the entity’s 
risk assessment process relevant to the preparation 
of the selected ESG KPIs, without obtaining 
assurance information about the implementation or 
testing the operating effectiveness of controls
■ Identifying areas of the selected ESG KPIs where 
misleading or unbalanced information or a material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, is likely 
to arise. Designing and performing further 
assurance procedures aimed at determining the 
plausibility of the selected ESG KPIs responsive to 
this risk analysis. These procedures consisted 
amongst others of:
– Making inquiries of management and 
relevant staff at corporate level 
Other Information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 331

Page 334:
responsible for the sustainability strategy, 
policy and results relating to the selected 
ESG KPIs
– Interviewing relevant staff responsible for 
providing the information for, carrying out 
controls on, and consolidating the data in 
the selected ESG KPIs
– Obtaining assurance evidence that the 
selected ESG KPIs reconcile with 
underlying records of Euronext N.V.
– Reviewing, on a limited sample basis, 
relevant internal and external 
documentation
– Considering the data and trends in the 
information submitted for consolidation at 
corporate level
■ Reconciling the relevant financial information with 
the financial statements
■ Reading the information in Universal Registration 
Document that is not included in the scope of our 
assurance engagement to identify material 
inconsistencies, if any, with the selected ESG KPIs
■ Considering whether the selected ESG KPIs are 
presented and disclosed free from material 
misstatement in accordance with the criteria 
applied.
The Hague, 28 March 2024
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP
Signed by R.J. Bleijs
Other Information
332


Page 335:
 GLOSSARY & CONCORDANCE TABLES & 
ANNEX
ACPR The French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority (Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution)
AFM Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets
Alternext Former name for Euronext's multilateral trading facilities (MTFs) in Paris, Brussels, Lisbon, Oslo and Milan, now called Euronext Growth
AMF French Authority for the Financial Markets (Autorité des Marchés Financiers)
Articles of Association The Articles of Association (statuten) of the Company
Brexit British exit, referring to the UK’s decision in a referendum on 23 June 2016 to leave the European Union
CAGR Compounded annual growth rate
Cash Clearing 
Agreement
The Cash Clearing Agreement entered into between Euronext and certain of its affiliates and LCH SA S.A. and LCH SA Group Limited on 
22 January 2013
CC&G Multi-asset clearing house owned by Euronext since 29 April 2021
CCPs Central counterparties
CDP Carbon Disclosure Project: CDP is a not-for-profit organisation that runs the global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, 
states and regions to manage their environmental impacts.
Central Order Book Providing access to the deepest liquidity pool in Europe connecting Euronext's regulated markets in Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin, 
Lisbon, Oslo and Paris. 
CEO Chief Executive Officer
CFO Chief Financial Officer
Clearing Services Clearing Services is the procedure by which an organisation (CCP) acts as an intermediary and assumes the role of a buyer and seller in a 
transaction through the process of novation in order to reconcile orders between transacting parties.
CMVM Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Markets Commission
Code of business conduct 
and ethics
Code that reaffirms the Euronext N.V.’s commitment to high standards of ethical conduct and reinforces its business ethics, policies 
and procedures
CONSOB Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa, the regulatory authority for the Italian securities market
Company Euronext N.V. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated
Compliance 
department The Compliance department of Euronext N.V.
COO Chief Operating Officer
Core Items The intellectual property in the UTP and other trading technology, including core software and technology
CSD central securities depositories
CSD Regulation EU Regulation on securities settlement and central securities depositories ( published on the Official Journal of the European Union on 
23 July 2014)
D2C Dealer-to-Client
D2D Dealer-to-Dealer
Derivatives 
Clearing 
Agreement
The Derivatives Clearing Agreement entered into between Euronext and certain of its affiliates and LCH SA S.A. and LCH SA Group 
Limited on 14 October 2013. The revenue sharing agreement became effective as of 1 April 2014
Code The Dutch Corporate Governance Code
Dutch Financial Supervision Act The Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het Financieel Toezicht) and the rules promulgated thereunder
EBITDA Operating Profit Before Exceptional Items and Depreciation and Amortisation
ECB European Central Bank
EEA European Economic Area
EGB European Government Bonds
ELITE Business support and capital raising platform for ambitious and fast growing companies created by Borsa Italiana
EMEA Europe, Middle East and Africa
EMIR The EU Regulation on OTC derivative transactions, central counterparties and trade repositories (Regulation 648/2012)
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
ESMA European Securities and Markets Authority
ETF or ETFs Exchange traded funds
ETPs Exchange traded products
EU European Union
EU Market Abuse 
Rules
The EU Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, providing for specific rules that intend to prevent market abuse, such as the prohibitions 
on insider trading, divulging inside information and tipping, and market manipulation
€, Euro The lawful currency of the Member states of the European Union that have adopted it
Euroclear Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.
Euronext Euronext N.V. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated
Euronext 
Amsterdam Euronext Amsterdam N.V. and/or the Regulated Market of the Company in Amsterdam
Euronext Brussels Euronext Brussels S.A./N.V. and/or the Regulated Market of the Company in Brussels
Euronext Clearing Euronext's multi-asset clearing house, formerly known as CC&G 
Other Information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 333

Page 336:
Euronext College 
of Regulators
The parties to a Memorandum of Understanding between the competent authorities regarding the co-ordinated regulation and 
supervision of Euronext being the  AMF, the AFM, the CBI, the FSA, the FSMA, CMVM, and CONSOB
Euronext Dublin Irish Stock Exchange Plc and/or the Regulated Market of the Company in Dublin
Euronext Lisbon Euronext Lisba-Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados and/or the Regulated Market of the Company in Lisbon
market operator The operator of a regulated market
Euronext Market Subsidiary or 
Subsidiaries
(A) each and any of (1) Euronext Paris S.A., (2) Euronext Amsterdam N.V., (3) Euronext Brussels S.A./N.V., (4) Euronext Lisbon S.A., (5) 
Euronext London Ltd and (6) any other Subsidiary of the Company operating a Regulated Market, and (B) any other Subsidiary that is 
subject to regulatory supervision controlled, directly or indirectly, by any of the entities listed in sub-paragraph (A), including without 
limitation Interbolsa S.A.
Euronext Paris Euronext Paris S.A. and/or the Regulated Market of the Company in Paris
Euronext Rulebooks T h e  E u r o n e x t  R u l e b o o k  c o n t a i n i n g  t h e  r u l e s  a p p l i c a b l e  t o  t h e  E u r o n e x t  M a r k e t  O p e r a t o r s  ( R u l e b o o k  I )  a n d  t h e  v a r i o u s  n o n - h a r m o n i s e d  
Euronext Rulebooks containing local exchange-specific rules (Rulebook II)
Euronext Securities The CSD network connecting European economies to global capital markets
Exchange Licence
(A) each declaration of no-objection or approval granted by or on behalf of the College of European Regulators to the Company in 
relation to the operation or holding of one or more Regulated Markets and/or the operation of one or more Multilateral Trading Facilities 
by the Company or any of the Euronext Market Subsidiaries, (B) each licence granted by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance of the 
Netherlands to the Company in relation to the operation or holding of one or more Regulated Markets, as well as (C) each declaration of 
no-objection granted by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance of the Netherlands to any person holding a qualifying participation in the 
Company and/or any of its Euronext Market Subsidiaries in the Netherlands within the meaning of section 1 of the Act, in each case such 
licence, approval or declaration of no-objection (i) as granted pursuant to the Act or other applicable law implementing Directive 
2004/39/EC or the relevant memorandum of understanding constituting the College of European Regulators and (ii) as in force and as 
amended at the relevant time
Facilities 
Agreement
The Facilities Agreement relates to a term loan facilities and a revolving loan facilities entered into between Euronext N.V. and Bank 
syndicates
FCA The UK Financial Conduct Authority
FCPE Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise “Euronext group”
FICC Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities
Finanstilsynet Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway
FinTech or fintech Abbreviation for Financial Technology
FRSA The Dutch Financial Reporting Supervision Act (Wet toezicht financiële verslaggeving)
FSMA Belgian Authority for the Financial Markets (Financial Services and Markets Authority)
FTEs Full-time employee equivalents
General Meeting The general meeting of shareholders (algemene vergadering van aandeelhouders) of Euronext N.V.
GHG Greenhouse gas
GOA The further amended and restated governance and option agreement, to which ICE, the stichting and the Company are parties
Group The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries
ICE Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (formerly named Intercontinental Exchange Group, Inc.), together with its consolidated subsidiaries
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union
IOI Indication of interest
IPO Initial public offering
IT Information technology
Interbolsa The CSD in Portugal for the Portuguese market
JV SPV Joint Venture Special Purpose Vehicle
LCH SA Banque Centrale de Compensation, trading as LCH SA
LCH SA 
Agreements The Cash Clearing Agreement and the Derivatives Clearing Agreement
LIFFE LIFFE Administration and Management
Lit trading venue Trading venue displaying bid and offer prices at any time
LTI Long Term Incentive
LSEG London Stock Exchange Group plc,
MAD The EU Market Abuse Directive (2003/6/EC), now superseded by MAR
Managing Board The Managing Board (bestuur) of Euronext N.V.
MAR EU Regulation on insider dealing and market manipulation (published on the Official Journal of the European Union on 16 April 2014) 
which replaces MAD since its entry into force on 3 July 2016
MiFID I The EU Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC)
MiFID II The revised EU Directive on MiFID (published on the Officiel Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014)
MiFID II / MiFIR legislation MiFID II and MiFIR
MiFIR EU Regulation on Markets in Financial Instruments (published on the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014)
Monte Titoli Italian central securities depository owned by Euronext since 29 April 2021
MTFs Multilateral trading facilities designated under MiFID and MiFID II
MTS Bondvision MTS BondVision is a regulated and secure multi-dealer-to-client trading platform for government bonds and credit
MTS One of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets
NGEU Next Generation EU, recovery plan for Europe: https://ec.europa.eu/info/strategy/recovery-plan-europe_en
NOTC Norwegian OTC-list, a market place for unlisted shares
NTI Net Treasury Income
NYSE Euronext The Parent through 13 November 2013
Offering The offering of Ordinary Shares as that took place on 20 June 2014
Other Information
334


Page 337:
Optiq® Euronext new enhanced multi-market proprietary trading platform
Ordinary Shares Issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company
OTC Over-the-counter
Parent NYSE Euronext, through 13 November 2013, and ICE, from 13 November 2013 until 20 June 2014
Priority Share Priority share in the share capital of the Company
Prospectus Directive Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Union, and any amendments thereto, including Directive 2010/73/EU
Qualifying Participation Direct or indirect interest of 10% or more of the share capital or voting rights
Quantitative Easing Quantitative easing is a monetary policy in which a central bank purchases government securities or other securities from the market in 
order to lower interest rates and increase the money supply
Reference 
Shareholders
A group of institutional investors comprised ofNovo Banco., an affiliate of Banco Espírito Santo, S.A., BNP Paribas S.A., BNP Paribas 
Fortis S.A./N.V., ABN AMRO Bank N.V. through its subsidiary ABN AMRO Participaties Fund I B.V., ASR Levensverzekering N.V. (a 
company of the ASR Nederland group), Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, Bpifrance Participations, Euroclear S.A./N.V., Société 
Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement/Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij, Société Générale and BancoBPI 
Pension Fund represented by BPI Vida e Pensões – Companhia de Seguros, S.A.
Reference 
Shareholders 
Agreement
The agreement entered into by the Reference Shareholders dated 3 June 2014
Regulated Market A multi-lateral system or trading venue designated to be a “regulated market” under MiFID and MiFID II
RFQ Request for quotation
RIE Recognised investment exchange
ROCE Return on capital employed
SaaS Software as a service
Science-Based Targets The Science-Based Targets initiative : https://sciencebasedtargets.org/business-ambition-for-1-5c 
Selling Shareholder ICE Europe Parent Ltd
Separation Establishment of Euronext as an independent, publicly traded company by means of an initial public offering
SFTI® Secure Financial Transactions Infrastructure
Shareholder Any shareholder of the Company at any time
Share Purchase Agreement The sale and purchase agreement of Ordinary Shares in Euronext N.V. entered into between ICE, the Selling Shareholder and the 
Reference Shareholders dated 27 May 2014
Single Order Book
Single Order Book for Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam, and Euronext Brussels  which unites trading, clearing and settlement 
across the exchanges in France, Belgium, and the Netherlands, which results in one single trading line for all listed securities, including 
those listed currently on more than one Euronext markets for which the Single Order Book executes trades on the designated market of 
reference.
SLAs Transitional services agreements and related agreements
SMEs Small and medium-sized enterprises
SPAC Special purpose acquisition company
SRI Socially Responsible Investing refers to investment strategies that seek to maximise financial return while maximising social good and 
minimising environmental footprint
Subsidiary Has the meaning as referred to in section 2: 24a of the Dutch Civil Code
Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.
Support Items Related support items to the Core Items
Tech or tech abbreviation for technology
TMT Technology, media and telecom
Transparency Directive The EU Transparency Directive 2004/109/EC, as amended by Directive 2013/50/EU with respect to transparency and disclosure 
obligations
T2S TARGET2-Securities, the European technical platform set up and operated by the Eurosystem that allow core, neutral and borderless 
settlement of securities transactions on a DvP (delivery-versus-payment) basis in Central Bank Money
UN United Nations
UTP or Euronext UTP Universal Trading Platform or Euronext Universal Trading Platform
WACC Weighted average cost of capital
Other Information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 335

Page 338:
Reference table in accordance with Annex 1 Regulation (EU) 2017/1129
1 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERTS’ REPORTS AND COMPETENT AUTHORITY 1, 137-138
2 STATUTORY AUDITORS 191
3 RISK FACTORS 59-69
4 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 184
5 BUSINESS OVERVIEW
5.1 Principal activities 29-48, 199-201
5.2 Principal markets 206-216
5.3 The important events in the development of the issuer’s business. 20, 202-206
5.4 Strategy and objectives 21-22, 24-29
5.5 Patents or licences, industrial, commercial or financial contracts or new manufacturing processes n/a
5.6 Basis for statements on competitive position 23-24, 29-33
5.7 Investments 219-221
6 ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
6.1 Organisational structure 20-22
6.2 Significant subsidiaries 257-258
7 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
7.1 Financial condition
7.1.1 Financial review and analysis 207-216
7.1.2 Future development and R&D 24-29
7.2 Operating results 202-206, 206-216
8 CAPITAL RESOURCES
8.1 Capital resources 218-222, 232-234
8.2 Cash flows 218-221
8.3 Borrowing requirements and funding structure 219-221
8.4 Restrictions on the use of capital resources 243-244
8.5 Anticipated sources of funds needed to fulfil commitments 231-234
9 REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 48-54
10 TREND INFORMATION
10.1 Recent trends and significant change in the performance 205-207
10.2 Information trends or events that could have material impact 205-207
11 PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES n/a
12 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 137-151, 169-170, 186-190
13 REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS 155-171
14 BOARD PRACTICES
14.1 Board members current term of office 138-151
14.2 Management and supervisory bodies’ service contracts providing for benefits upon termination of 
employment 167
14.3 Audit committee and remuneration committee 142-143, 153
14.4 Compliance with the corporate governance regime applicable 136-137
14.5 Potential material impacts on the corporate governance, including future changes in the board and 
committee composition 138-151
15 EMPLOYEES
15.1 Number of employees and breakdown 105-112, 130
15.2 Shareholdings and stock options 315-319
15.3 Arrangements involving the employees in the capital 105-108, 162-166
16 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 184-190
17 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 229-231
18 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES
18.1 Historical financial information
18.1.1 Audited historical financial information covering the latest three financial years 174-177
18.1.2 Change of accounting reference date n/a
18.1.3 Accounting standards 226
18.1.4 Change of accounting framework n/a
18.1.5 National accounting standards n/a
Other Information
336


Page 339:
18.1.6 Consolidated financial statements 238-321
18.1.7 Age of financial information 305
18.2 Interim and other financial information n/a
18.3 Auditing of historical annual financial information 322-329
18.4 Pro forma financial information n/a
18.5 Dividend policy 193-194
18.6 Legal and arbitration proceedings 231
18.7 Significant change in the issuer’s financial position 206-207, 303
19 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
19.1 Share capital 184-190
19.2 Memorandum and Articles of Association 184-190, 190-192
20 MATERIAL CONTRACTS 229-231
21 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 137-138
Reference table in accordance with Annex 2 Regulation (EU) 2017/1129
1 Disclosure requirements for the registration document for equity securities laid down in Annex 1 335-337
1.2 Statement that the URD may be used for the purposes of an offer to the public of securities or admission of 
securities to trading on a regulated market if completed by amendments, if applicable, and a securities note 
and summary approved in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129
1
Other Information
2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
 337

