Page 1:
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Exor’s Sustainability Report is presented as part of the Annual Report and has been prepared with 
reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and in accordance with the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB).
The available disclosures recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) are presented in a content index at the end of this report.
BOARD REPORT 111

Page 2:
I. REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARIES
This section addresses the requirements of the Dutch Civil Code, and of the Dutch Decree on Non-Financial 
Information (Besluit bekendmaking niet-financiële informatie), which is a transposition of Directive 2014/95/EU 
“Disclosure of non-financial and diversity information” into Dutch law. 
The reporting scope of non-financial information in this section is at Exor’s holding level (EXOR N.V. and the 
Holdings System subsidiaries) although this section also describes how Exor considers sustainability issues in 
relation to the governance of its portfolio. Exor’s main listed operating companies (Ferrari, Stellantis, CNH 
Industrial, Iveco Group and Juventus) publish their own Sustainability Reports, which are available on their 
official websites, but a summary of their approach to sustainability is also included at the end of this section.
II. HOW EXOR'S BUSINESS MODEL IMPACTS SUSTAINABILITY
1. OVERVIEW
Exor is a diversified holding company with a culture that combines entrepreneurial spirit and financial discipline. 
Most of its portfolio is made up of companies in which it is the largest shareholder.  Exor’s purpose is to build 
great companies. In doing this, it intends to make a positive contribution to society, to deliver superior returns to 
its investors and to provide opportunities for its people to grow. 
Exor believes that great companies are not just those that are distinctive in what they do but also those that 
seek out renewal and change and perform to the highest standards. In addition, great companies need to act in 
a responsible way . Exor views this element as one that cuts across the other three and expects all its 
companies to engage with all their stakeholders on environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics and to 
set and achieve clear targets for them.
HOW WE BUILD: WHAT MAKES A COMPANY GREAT:
• Create strong governance that allows 
diversity of thinking
• Foster a culture with clarity of purpose
• Appoint leaders who embody our 
values
BUILD
GREAT 
COMPANIES
• Distinctive in what it does
• Seek renewal and change
• Performs to the highest standards
• Acts in a responsible way 
(cross-cutting)
2. IMPLEMENTATION AND LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION
Exor's ownership helps create environments where companies can thrive, it empowers leaders to build great 
companies and through its role in their governance, Exor helps its companies both to achieve their 
sustainability goals and to create long-term value. The benefits of Exor's ownership are summarised below. 
112 BOARD REPORT 

Page 3:
1 CREATING AN 
ENVIRONMENT WHERE 
COMPANIES CAN THRIVE
2 EMPOWERING LEADERS 
TO BUILD GREAT 
COMPANIES
3
USING GOVERNANCE TO 
STEER OUR COMPANIES
✓ Long-term, stable ownership ✓ Use Exor's network to find new 
leaders ✓ Build effective Boards
✓ Permanent capital ✓ Act as a “critical-friend” to leaders 
in our companies ✓ Support companies in their 
management successions
✓ Strong network ✓ Encourage the creation of strong 
and positive cultures ✓ Play an active role in the Boards 
of all our companies
✓ Support and challenge 
companies’ plans ✓ Promote diversity and 
inclusiveness
Exor believes that great companies can only be built by great people. It therefore recruits strong talent into its 
organisation, it offers equal opportunities and it creates a diverse and inclusive workforce. It expects its people 
to be collaborative, to build strong business relationships and to respect others. Exor’s values, together with its 
purpose of building great companies, form the foundation of its culture. These values are written in pairs. There 
is tension between the words in each pair and it is the job of individuals to find the right balance between them.
These talent principles and values apply within Exor and Exor also champions them with its companies
AMBITION & HUMILITY CURIOSITY & FOCUS
We set high aspirations but remain grounded We seek new ideas while prioritising what matters
COURAGE & RESPONSIBILITY PATIENCE & DRIVE
We take bold actions while being mindful of their 
consequences
We take a long-term perspective but are relentless in 
getting things done
By building great companies using these values, Exor aims to deliver the following financial targets:
– Outperforming the MSCI World Index over the long term through the increase in its NAV per share
– Maintaining financial strength and discipline while keeping its Loan-To-Value ratio below 20%.
– Generating free cash flows above its dividend outflows over time.
– Keeping cash holding costs as a percentage of its Gross Asset Value below 10 bps.
Exor's purpose and values underpin how it interacts with its companies. As with all the elements of greatness, 
Exor encourages and challenges its companies to act in a responsible way by setting and achieving a clear set 
of ESG goals. It does this through the role it plays within their governance while always being conscious of their 
autonomy. 
BOARD REPORT 113

Page 4:
III. ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) RESPONSIBILITY
1. EXOR’S ESG APPROACH
Exor believes that great companies should act in a responsible way. In doing this, it expects its companies to: 
– Align with best practices and reporting frameworks;
– Identify priorities, set targets, measure and report progress;
– Continue to raise the bar;
– Aspire to industry ESG leadership.
Exor has created an ESG framework that it applies to itself and uses across its companies. This is structured 
into three parts:
FOUNDATIONS • These are the fundamental ESG governance procedures, policies and guidelines that 
Exor and its companies need to operate with integrity, responsibility and ethics
PASSIONS
• Exor has identified one passion within each ESG pillar that it expects all of its 
companies to pursue in ways that are aligned within their business strengths and 
priorities 
COMMUNICATION
• Exor expects its companies to communicate their ESG priorities and progress clearly to 
their stakeholders and Exor facilitates engagement across its companies on this 
framework so they can learn from each other and work together where helpful
1.1 FOUNDATIONS
Exor has identified a set of fundamental ESG procedures, policies and guidelines that it applies to itself and 
encourages within all its companies. These foundational elements provide the starting conditions to create 
long-term sustainable value. They include but are not limited to: 
– Making ESG a priority among leadership teams and Boards;
– Adopting a Code of Conduct and adhering to widely-recognised guidelines;
– Implementing a whistle-blower mechanism;
– Ensuring that risks are evaluated and mitigants are identified periodically.
This list of foundational elements will increase over time.
1.2 PASSIONS
Exor has identified one passion within each of the three ESG pillars. These passions are derived from Exor's 
discussions with its stakeholders, as well as from its history and values.
114 BOARD REPORT 

Page 5:
Exor has made commitments on each of these passions at holding company level. These commitments are 
described below in Section 2. It is also encouraging all of its companies to make progress on these passions, 
as described in Section 3. 
1.3 COMMUNICATION
Exor’s ESG passions are aligned with a sub-set of the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 
as shown below. Exor is using these for communication at the holding and is also encouraging their use at 
company level. 
ENVIRONMENT SOCIAL GOVERNANCE
Emissions reduction
Education: decreasing 
inequalities and promoting 
innovation
Diversity and inclusion
1.4 USING GOVERNANCE TO DELIVER EXOR'S ESG FRAMEWORK
Exor's approach to governance is summarised in the table below. This governance framework has been 
derived based on extensive discussions with stakeholders and through interviewing other organisations to 
understand their best practices. Exor’s Board of Directors is responsible for Exor’s overall strategy, including on 
ESG and climate-related issues, where it is supported and advised by the ESG Committee. The Board of 
Directors, supported by the ESG Committee, oversees progress on Exor’s three ESG passions and addresses 
the main climate-related risks and opportunities impacting Exor at holding level.
Exor believes that a clear governance framework is essential to encouraging its companies to adopt its ESG 
framework and through its presence in the Boards of its companies, Exor champions and supports their 
progress on ESG issues. Exor’s approach to governance is described below.
BOARD 
STRUCTURE
We create effective Board Structures
• Board size – we keep our Boards relatively small to maintain high-quality debate
• Committees – we focus our committees on audit, ESG and remuneration issues
• Meetings – we create systematic annual Board schedules and agendas
PEOPLE We spend time choosing the right Directors 
• Exor role – we play an active role within the Boards of all our companies 
• Diversity – we ensure we have a range of perspectives on all our Boards
• Expertise – we appoint Directors with appropriate sector and functional 
expertise 
PROCESS We incentivise and improve Board performance 
• Assessment – we conduct regular Chair, CEO and Board reviews 
• Remuneration – we encourage Directors to become shareholders
• Director terms – we appoint Directors for clear and overlapping terms
BOARD REPORT 115

Page 6:
2. EXOR'S ESG APPROACH AT HOLDING COMPANY LEVEL
2.1 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Exor believes in maintaining a continuous dialogue with internal and external stakeholders. At holding company 
level, the view of major stakeholder groups have been gathered using the engagement methods described 
below. 
STAKEHOLDER AREAS OF FOCUS ENGAGEMENT METHODS
Exor employees
Motivation and development, equal 
opportunities, health and safety, ethical 
business conduct and values
Regular meetings and communications, 
annual review of objectives, internal 
initiatives and compensation
Investors & Analysts, Rating 
agencies, Media
Market transparency, communications, 
financial and non-financial performance
Annual and half-year reporting, investor 
events, meetings with investors, 
corporate website, press releases
Operating companies Progress on paths to greatness, 
enablers and next steps
Active representation and participation 
in the Boards, regular communication 
and meetings
Authorities and regulators Compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations, risk management
Implementation of governance, risk 
management structures and corporate 
responsibility best practices
Exor is committed to:
– Maintaining a regular dialogue with each of these stakeholder groups;
– Being clear about its purpose, its values and its priorities both internal and externally;
– Providing relevant information to each stakeholder group, while being accessible and responsive;
– Promoting transparent capital markets, while aligning to best practices and disclosing information in an 
accurate, complete, balanced and reliable manner.
2.2 ESG FOUNDATIONS
At holding company level, Exor has continued to ensure that it is well positioned to build long-term sustainable 
value. Some of the key work conducted in 2022 is summarised below. 
ESG Committee
This Committee, chaired by Exor’s Chair, Ajay Banga, with Board members Melissa Bethell and Laurence 
Debroux attending as members. This group oversees Exor’s ESG activities at holding company level, including 
its ESG reporting, and interacts with key management and functions within the organisation, in particular the 
COO (the designated lead for ESG-related matters within Exor). The ESG Committee advises Exor’s 
management on how they should use roles within the governance of Exor’s companies to champion progress 
on ESG issues and it tracks the progress being made. 
Whistleblowing Mechanism
This year, Exor enhanced the mechanism by which all Exor employees and stakeholders can report 
infringements against its Code of Conduct or against legal requirements. On the Exor website, there is now a 
dedicated webpage from which anyone can anonymously make a report: https://report.whistleb.com/exor. 
These reports are sent to Exor's General Counsel and, if appropriate, also to the Chair of Exor's Board or the 
Chair of the Audit Committee.
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report 
In 2022, Exor conducted its first climate-related risks and opportunities assessment according to the TCFD 
(Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures) framework. Exor is disclosing this information on a 
voluntary basis and has complied with all eleven recommended disclosures as well as with the Supplemental 
Guidance for Asset Owners. 
116 BOARD REPORT 

Page 7:
The assessment began by carrying out a benchmarking analysis with other European holding peers to identify 
gaps as well as best practices that could be adopted by Exor. The next step was then identifying the most 
relevant climate-related risks and opportunities for Exor and its companies. Given that this is the first TCFD 
disclosure carried out by Exor, the scope of the analysis was centred around four companies (Ferrari, Stellantis, 
CNH Industrial and Iveco Group) that account for >95% of emissions deriving from Exor’s investment activities 
and >80% of Exor’s GAV. 
Exor carried out a bottom-up analysis, using publicly available documents, with the companies in scope to 
identify what were the most material risks and opportunities that were shared across them. Following this initial 
analysis, the risks and opportunities outlined in the two tables below were identified. Using these criteria, the 
companies in scope were examined to assess the resilience of their strategies with respect to climate-related 
issues and the potential impact on Exor’s GAV by considering different climate pathway scenarios defined by 
internationally recognised providers (i.e. the International Energy Agency and the International Panel for 
Climate Change - SSP/RCP), which use advanced modelling to give representation of climate state and 
climate-related policy evolution. 
This work considered four scenarios: i) business as usual; ii) a slow down scenario; iii) an intermediate 
scenario; and iv) an accelerated scenario. Reference scenarios, which represent the strategic overview of each 
investee as publicly disclosed, were then reviewed in relation to physical and transitional climate factors, which 
are more or less stressed in the alternative scenarios mentioned previously. The impact of each scenario on 
Exor’s GAV was also considered across different timeframes. This scenario analysis enabled the Company to 
understand the potential impact of the environment on its activities and how it should adapt its strategies 
accordingly. Given how committed Ferrari, Stellantis, CNH Industrial and Iveco Group are around their climate 
strategies and decarbonisation plans, the overall impact on the Exor Gross Asset Value was deemed to be 
limited. 
A full TCFD report will be published later on in 2023 that will outline the findings of the climate issues 
assessment conducted in more detail. This analysis has also helped Exor to identify its current strengths and 
areas where it can further improve its approach to climate-related issues that will be a point of focus going 
forwards.
Climate-related risks description
# TCFD Classification Risk Event Impact Description
1
TRANSITION
Policy & Legal: New or more stringent 
regulations on carbon pricing mechanism on 
Scope 1 & 2 in specific countries where investees 
mainly operate.
Introduction of new regulation concerning 
carbon pricing mechanism and potential 
increase of carbon tax on Scope 1 & 2.
Impact on Exor's GAV due to the 
increase of investees operating costs 
related to cash outflows for the payment 
of carbon tax due to emerging regulation 
and increase of carbon prices.
2
TRANSITION
Market: Rapid spread of low emission products is 
increasing sharply and it is expected to keep 
growing in the future.
Inability of the portfolio companies to adapt 
in time to the transition of electric vehicles 
(BEV and FCEV). 
Impact on Exor's GAV due to potential 
loss in revenues at investees level due 
to electric vehicles strategy roll out that 
is not aligned with future market demand 
in the different climate pathway 
scenarios.
3
TRANSITION
Policy & Legal: More stringent regulations on 
CO2 emissions thresholds for vehicles sold based 
on portfolio mix in countries where it is applicable.
Higher penalties for CO2 emissions 
exceedance applied to investee vehicles 
sold in a specific country based on portfolio 
composition. 
Impact on Exor's GAV due to the 
increase of investees operating costs 
related to the payment of penalties for 
CO2 emissions exceedance per vehicle.
4
PHYSICAL
Acute: Event-driven risks including increased 
severity of extreme weather events, such as 
hurricanes, floods, earthquakes. 
Chronic: longer-term shifts in climate patterns 
might cause droughts, heat waves and water 
stress.
Business interruption or loss in productivity.
Impact on Exor's GAV due to loss in 
revenues, reduced product availability 
and an increase in repair costs of 
damaged buildings at investee level.
BOARD REPORT 117

Page 8:
Climate-related opportunities description
# TCFD Classification Opportunity Event Impact Description
1
TRANSITION
Product and services, Technology: 
Development of new products and services 
through R&D and innovation
Investee companies product portfolio 
extension, through the development of 
precision farming solutions and hydrogen 
technology.
Impact on Exor's GAV due to an 
increase of investee revenues related to 
the development of new products and 
services.
2
TRANSITION
Energy efficiency: Energy efficiency projects 
through decarbonisation strategy. 
Energy efficiency projects, aimed primarily at 
reducing CO2 emissions and reach 
decarbonisation targets at investee level. 
Impact on Exor GAV due to operating 
costs savings at investee level.
2.3 ESG PASSIONS
Exor has identified three passions with one focused on each of the pillars within the ESG framework. At holding 
company level, Exor has made the following commitments in relation to these passions:
– Emissions reduction: achieve carbon neutrality by 2022 and net zero emissions by 2025;
– Education: 1) Decrease inequalities by running an education programme to reduce the gender gap in 
STEM subjects. This is done in collaboration with Fondazione Agnelli. 2) Promote innovation by helping 
high potential young entrepreneurs build disruptive ventures. This is done in collaboration with Innovation 4 
Change;
– Diversity and inclusion: maintain the existing 40/60 gender balance and consider diverse candidates for 
all new appointments. 
2.3.1 ENVIRONMENTAL PASSION - EMISSIONS REDUCTION 
Exor commitment at holding level: achieve carbon neutrality by 2022 and net zero emissions by 2025.
While its environmental impact as a standalone company is limited given its size, Exor believes that it still 
has a responsibility to reduce its emissions at holding company level.
Following on from Exor's first greenhouse gas (GHG) inventory that was published in last year's 
Sustainability Report, Exor will continue to calculate its GHG inventory in accordance with the 
internationally recognised standards of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. The Company will be publishing its 
first TCFD report later in 2023 which will include updated calculations of Exor's emissions. 
Measuring Exor’s environmental footprint is the first step in its emissions reduction journey. The Company, 
following consultation with its employees at the annual Exor Day (see section 2.3.3 for more details), has 
implemented a series of ESG-related changes such as improving recycling in its offices and making more 
use of e-signatures. Furthermore, the Amsterdam office uses completely renewable energy while the 
London office is actively investigating renewable energy suppliers.
Exor achieved carbon neutrality for 2021 by offsetting its remaining emissions through a clean water 
project in the Manica region of eastern Zimbabwe. This region is isolated and has few good quality water 
sources both because of historical poor maintenance and the high cost of constructing them. This project 
has built new water pumps and rehabilitated existing ones to give local households access to safe and 
clean water that no longer needs to be boiled using firewood. 
118 BOARD REPORT 

Page 9:
All units are tCO2e 2020 2021 20222
Exor Scope 1 Emissions 5 45
Exor Scope 2 Emissions 15 27
Exor Scope 3 Emissions 742 995
Exor Total Holding Level Emissions 762 1,067
Exor Companies Emissions (Scope 1 and 2)1 554,563 411,302
1) Emissions of Exor companies outside of Exor’s operational control are accounted for under Scope 3 Category 15 in proportion to Exor’s ownership. 
The attribution factors used to determine the share of the overall emissions of the investee companies that are attributable to Exor were calculated 
following the definition of the PCAF (2020) – The Global GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry (first edition). The 
outstanding amount (numerator of the attribution factor) and EVIC (denominator of the attribution factor) are always calculated as of the calendar year-
end, i.e. 31 December (N.B. as The Economist Group closes its financial year in March, the gross debt considered for the calculation of the EVIC is as of 
30 September). In those cases where the financial and thus reporting year of a company diverges from the calendar year, the emissions reported for that 
financial year were attributed to the corresponding calendar year. 
The companies included were Stellantis N.V., Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (for FY2020), CNH Industrial N.V., Ferrari N.V., GEDI Gruppo Editoriale, 
Juventus Football Club S.p.A and The Economist Group. The emissions of these companies were collected from their latest Sustainability Report or 
Annual Report. The emissions of other Exor companies were not included as they do not determine their emissions. 
2) 2022 emissions data will be disclosed within Exor's TCFD report that will be published later on in 2023. 
2.3.2 SOCIAL PASSION - EDUCATION
Exor commitments at holding level:  1) Decrease inequalities by running an education programme to 
reduce the gender gap in STEM subjects. This is done in collaboration with Fondazione Agnelli. 2) Promote 
innovation by helping high potential young entrepreneurs build disruptive ventures. This is done in 
collaboration with Innovation 4 Change.
Exor believes that education is a life changing tool that can be used to reduce inequalities by giving 
students new opportunities, and through those, access to a better quality of life. It can also be a powerful 
tool for increasing innovation and excellence. Given these beliefs, Exor has a strong relationship with 
Fondazione Agnelli, an independent institute founded in 1966 that conducts detailed research on education 
and teaching. Exor is also closely involved with Innovation 4 Change (I4C). This was founded in 2016, and 
has strongly been involved in promoting the next generation of innovation. Numerous Exor employees 
have been participants in its programme, or acted as mentors within it. 
1) Reducing the gender gap in STEM subjects
The nurturing and development of mathematical skills has been recognised as a national issue in 
academic literature such as the extensive reports by the Programme for International Student Assessment 
and the Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study. This has been a problem for over two 
decades in Italy, but it is particularly evident for young girls. 
From a very early stage in schools, gender stereotypes and ineffective teaching methods have been 
contributing to this gender gap in STEM. As a result, male students typically outperform their female 
classmates in maths tests from the earliest years of schooling and the gap worsens as students grow older. 
National surveys show that by the fifth year of primary school, there is already a seven-month difference in 
the learning achievements of boys and girls with this gap estimated to reach one year by the end of high 
school. As a result, many girls find STEM subjects difficult at school and the option of pursuing a degree or 
a career in STEM become much less appealing. This is an issue that Exor feels passionate about given 
both the importance of these STEM skills in many of our companies and our diversity commitments.
BOARD REPORT 119

Page 10:
The growth of visuospatial skills is a key enabler in building proficiency in STEM subjects. Extensive 
studies have shown that playing with toys that encourage construction and creation help enhance these 
skills. Several studies like Spatial Skills and Self-Perceived Masculinity: Considering College Major STEM-
ness, Directionality, and Gender  highlight that stereotypes surrounding what toys should be used by 
children based on their gender make boys more likely to develop these skills and therefore to have an 
advantage in STEM subjects and careers. 
To address this issue Exor launched Matabì, an initiative run in collaboration with Fondazione Agnelli, 
Politecnico di Torino and The LEGO Foundation. The Matabì project aims to enhance spatial abilities and 
reduce the gender gap via construction play with LEGO DUPLO brick sets. 
Exor supported Fondazione Agnelli in order to design Matabì's action plan, define its objectives and plan its 
overall intervention strategies. Exor is also continuing to provide financial support to Fondazione Agnelli 
which will cover the costs related to the brick sets, teaching materials, teacher training and classroom 
coaching.
After a trial from September 2022 to January 2023 with seventeen classes, this programme is being rolled 
out to almost 80 classes from 18 schools in four Italian regions: Piedmont, Veneto, Tuscany and 
Campania. The rollout will use training and teaching materials that have been improved thanks to crucial 
feedback from the pilot.
In the first two years of implementation, Matabì will use a randomised controlled trial to test the impact of 
teaching methods that exploit the use of construction play. To evaluate the project, teachers will be tested 
on their spatial skills while around 1,200 students will be tested on both their spatial and mathematical 
skills. 
2) Helping high potential young entrepreneurs
Exor’s second education initiative is focused on encouraging innovation by supporting Innovation 4 Change 
(I4C)’s work with high potential entrepreneurs. 
Innovation for Change (I4C), was created in 2016 by a collaboration between Conseil Européen pour la 
Recherche Nucléaire (CERN), Collège des Ingénieurs (CDI), Politecnico di Torino and Fondazione Agnelli. 
I4C brings together corporations, public institutions and talented students from all over Europe and 
encourages them to work together to find ways to deal with complex sustainability challenges.
I4C immerses each of its cohorts of talented MBA, doctoral and creative design students in a range of 
seminars & workshops (ranging from innovation methodologies to tech development) during a twenty-week 
programme. The students are encouraged to co-design and test disruptive solutions that could go to 
market within twenty months while having an impact extending many years into the future.
120 BOARD REPORT 

Page 11:
Their final output is the creation of a prototype that responds to the challenge set by one of I4C’s corporate 
partners and is showcased in front of a jury at the I4C Demo Day. 
CNH Industrial, DSM, Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane (FSI), Grimaldi, MIMS, Movyon, Rai Way, Snam, TELT 
and UNICRI all proposed challenges in 2022. The responses to these challenges ranged from an AI avatar 
for protecting children online and a digital twin system for agricultural machinery to help control big farms. 
The winning team worked on a bio-waste challenge set by FSI and their project plans to raise insects as an 
animal protein-feed using this biowaste. 
I4C has been tracking its impact by measuring the number of participants who go on to become innovation 
and impact leaders. Since 2016, over 350 participants from MBAs, PhDs and creative design programmes 
have taken part in I4C. Of these:
• 35% of these MBA alumni work as entrepreneurs or innovation specialists and 25% of these MBA 
alumni work on ESG, Sustainability & Impact issues. 
• 30% are involved in spin-offs or startups and PhD participants overall have been able to raise 40% 
more in PhD grants compared to PhDs in similar research teams. 
2.3.3 GOVERNANCE PASSION - DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Exor commitment at holding level: maintain the existing 40/60 gender balance and consider diverse 
candidates for all new appointments.
Exor believes in both building diversity and ensuring all of its employees have an equal opportunity to 
develop, progress and be rewarded. Diversity and inclusion is not only a moral imperative, it also brings 
business benefits as there is evidence it can lead to more innovation, increased productivity and better 
talent attraction.
To maximise the diversity within its workforce, Exor several characteristics when thinking about the profiles 
of new appointments and promotions. Exor already has a good gender balance within its structure and is 
committed to maintaining this. One important way in which this is done is by including at least one diverse 
candidate on all shortlists of external candidates for roles. 
Alongside diversity, Exor is also committed to promoting inclusivity. This is done in multiple ways, one of 
which is the annual in-person Exor Day, to which all Exor colleagues, at all levels, are invited. In 2022, the 
event included a debate on a macro theme and its future impact, consultation on how Exor could reduce its 
GHG footprint based on an employment engagement survey and a creative activity during which teams 
had to prepare a short stop-animation film on Exor's potential future. These activities help to strengthen the 
purpose and values of Exor so its employees can represent the Company to the best of their abilities. 
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
Employees 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Total 22 19
of which women 50.0% 47.4%
BOARD REPORT 121

Page 12:
2.4 COMMUNICATING EXOR'S ESG ACTIVITIES
Exor will continue to communicate openly and transparently about its ESG activities at holding company level. 
Exor’s Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards under the Core option and in accordance with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB). The available disclosures recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) are also presented in a content index at the end of this report.
Exor periodically engages with ESG ratings agencies to ensure that it is held accountable for the work that it 
undertakes on ESG at holding company level.
3. EXOR'S ESG APPROACH ACROSS ITS COMPANIES
The previous section considered Exor’s approach to ESG at holding company level. This section focuses on 
how Exor champions ESG with its companies. Exor’s companies operate in a wide range of sectors including 
Luxury Goods (e.g. Ferrari), Automotive (Stellantis), Agricultural and Construction Equipment (CNH Industrial), 
Commercial Vehicles (Iveco Group), media (The Economist and GEDI) and professional football (Juventus 
Football Club).
Exor monitors the performance of its companies both through its role in their Boards and through its dialogue 
with their management teams. However, while Exor takes seriously the positive role it can play in championing 
ESG topics, it always does so while respecting the autonomy of the companies that it owns. A summary of the 
ESG activities of the largest public Exor companies can be found towards the end of this section.
3.1 ESG FOUNDATIONS
Exor supports its companies in developing and adopting a set of ESG foundational policies and strategies that 
are relevant to their respective sectors. In doing so, it is important that each company addresses shareholder 
priorities while creating long-term value. 
All of Exor's public companies have established ESG Committees, have put in place relevant ESG policies that 
adhere to widely-recognised guidelines, have effective risk evaluation and mitigation systems and have 
implemented a whistle-blower mechanism. 
3.2 ESG PASSIONS
Exor is encouraging all its companies to make progress on its ESG passions: 
– Emissions reduction: set reduction targets for Scope 1 and 2 emissions and measure Scope 3 
emissions;
– Education: pursue company-relevant educational initiatives accompanied by clear metrics and targets;
– Diversity and inclusion: set diversity targets and measure and report progress against them.
In many cases work is already underway on these priorities at company level. Exor will continue to champion 
these and expects significant additional progress to be made in the coming years. 
To support this work, Exor has created a network across its companies to share best practices, experiences 
and knowledge on ESG and education topics. For example, from 2021 to 2022 the education leads from many 
of Exor’s companies attended a series of two-hour workshops, hosted by Fondazione Agnelli, on creating 
educational projects. The workshops ranged from investing in education (with the World Bank), designing and 
implementing projects (with Save the Children), an Italian deep dive, and monitoring and evaluating projects. 
The course involved 21 participants from ten of Exor's companies. 
In a final workshop, the participants were asked to create an educational project that would be implemented 
with the support of the Fondazione Agnelli at the Salvemini School located very close to the Stellantis Mirafiori 
site in Turin. The winning project was called Facciamo pArte. This project was designed to help primary school 
students create murals on school buildings to increase the sense of belonging both between the children and 
their school and between the school and its local neighbourhood. With the support of artist, Elena Mazzi, a 
mural was completed over a few months and unveiled in November 2022 in a ceremony attended by John 
Elkann (Chair of Fondazione Agnelli), Andrea Gavosto (Director of Fondazione Agnelli), the Mayor of Turin, the 
Local Councillor for Education and the local borough representative.
122 BOARD REPORT 

Page 13:
Some of the work carried done by Exor's companies on each of Exor's three passions is summarised below.
3.2.1 ENVIRONMENTAL PASSION - EMISSIONS REDUCTION
Ferrari, CNH Industrial and Iveco Group have all committed to setting targets through the rigorous Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi). This is the gold-class standard that defines and promotes best practices in 
emissions reductions and net-zero targets in line with climate science. Through the networks of excellence 
built across Exor and its companies, there has been considerable knowledge sharing between companies 
on how best to set targets in line with the SBTi.
CNH Industrial was also included in the 2022 S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook with the highest score 
(88/100) in the Machinery and Electrical Equipment Industry and placed in the top 1% of over 7,600 
companies assessed by the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment. 
3.2.2 SOCIAL PASSION - EDUCATION
BOARD REPORT 123

Page 14:
Topical Talk is the flagship programme within The Economist Educational Foundation (TEEF). This 
programme provides free classroom resources, global conversations, training and events with the aim of 
amplifying young voices and inspiring open-minded discussions about the news. Topical Talk provides 
classrooms with 4-5 hours of teaching material each week to support deep dives into current affairs. In the 
last school year, nearly 200,000 young people had a discussion using TEEF resources representing a 
120% increase versus the previous year and the Foundation has ambitious three-year goals to include 
20% of UK state schools, 3,000 US schools and 1,000 schools worldwide in these programmes. 
Juventus runs a programme called "Fair People". This is an open and inclusive educational project, 
designed for primary schools across Italy, which aims to convey the message that respect is a team 
sport.The program, which lasts the entire school year, explores 5 key values: respect, effort, devotion, 
equality, and teamwork.
3.2.3 GOVERNANCE PASSION - DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
In 2022, Ferrari received confirmation of the Equal-Salary Certificate in Italy and North America for 
providing equal pay to men and women with the same qualifications and positions in the company. This 
rigorous certification is awarded by Switzerland’s EQUAL-SALARY Foundation, based on a monitoring visit 
carried out by PwC according to a methodology approved by the European Commission. The auditor 
considered not only gender pay equality, which they had already examined in their previous two audits, but 
also the actions taken over the previous twelve months to enhance gender diversity. Equal pay is just one 
aspect of a multifaceted process to ensure that all staff have the best possible conditions to pursue their 
career at Ferrari. The company also holds training courses, discussion meetings and focus groups in order 
to foster a culture that is ever more open to innovation and attentive to the topics of Diversity & Inclusion.
In North America, Stellantis earned a top score of 100% on the annual Disability Equality Index (DEI). The 
DEI is a comprehensive benchmarking tool that helps companies build a roadmap of measurable, tangible 
actions that they can take to achieve disability inclusion and equality. Each company receives a score, on a 
scale of 0 to 100, with those earning 80 and above recognized as “Best Places to Work for Disability 
Inclusion.”
124 BOARD REPORT 

Page 15:
3.3 FERRARI
As a company that has constantly focused on innovation, Ferrari feels a strong responsibility to be a catalyst for 
change in each of the five pillars of its sustainability strategy, outlined below. While Ferrari proceeds along the 
path laid out in the Strategic Plan to 2026 – as presented at the Capital Markets Day last year – the company 
continues to generate a pattern of growth for people, profit, and the planet. In doing so, Ferrari remains faithful 
to its scientific approach to sustainability, developed through concrete and measurable actions all along the 
value chain.
3.3.1 Exceeding expectation - Drive technological innovation while pursuing excellence in design and 
craftsmanship to fuel the passion of customers and enthusiasts
People have always been at the centre of Ferrari: it is their collaboration, their will to progress, continuous 
learning, focus and confidence that make innovation possible. Ferrari believes in programs specifically 
designed to encourage its employees’ ideas and proposals, which allow Ferrari to constantly improve its 
products and processes. Ferrari also believes in an open innovation model to drive change. By working in 
close contact with key suppliers to foster new solutions and by sharing different expertise, the company is 
able to overcome challenges in many different fields. Other valuable partners in innovation are the 
universities and research centres that stand by Ferrari to convert the most advanced theoretical research – 
especially in technology, engineering and computer science – into practical solutions for the company’s 
industrial processes. The Ferrari people’s push for innovation is reflected in the company’s effort and 
investments, as evidenced by its Expensed R&D and Capex of more than €1.34 billion in 2022.
3.3.2 Proactively fostering best-practice governance - maintain Ferrari's corporate governance and 
risk management systems aligned with best practices to ensure an ethical business conduct while 
providing superior and sustainable returns to its shareholders
The Code of Conduct, applicable to the whole Ferrari Group, was updated in early 2023, strengthening its 
references to aspects of ESG. The Ferrari Group made its best effort to ensure that the Code of Conduct is 
regarded as a best practice of business conduct and is followed by third parties, including long-standing 
relationships with business partners such as suppliers, dealers, advisors and agents. 
3.3.3 Being the employer of choice - provide an inclusive, educational and inspiring work environment 
to unleash everyone's passion, creativity and talent
Continuous learning through a scientific approach has always been key to Ferrari’s success. To underpin 
the career progression, ambitions and innovative approach of people, the company makes substantial 
investments in their education. A total of over 79,000 hours (up 13% vs. 2021) of training has been 
provided to the Ferrari employees in 2022, covering many areas, such as digitalisation, globalisation, 
sustainability and continuous improvement. This result was achieved mostly thanks to the high-quality 
volunteering training Ferrari provides to its employees, such as the Harvard Manage Mentor e-learning 
platform and the two MBA programs. The company also undertakes partnership programs with top 
universities around the world to engage with students, professors, career offices and a network of 
professionals in order to identify talents for the future.
BOARD REPORT 125

Page 16:
To promote a correct lifestyle among its employees, Ferrari has launched the Formula Benessere program, 
that in 2022 entailed medical and specialist check-ups for more than 1,400 employees and 744 children. In 
line with its commitment to an inclusive working environment, the company is focused on providing 
opportunities of career development on a meritocratic basis. In 2022, Ferrari received confirmation of the 
Equal-Salary Certificate in Italy and North America for providing equal pay to men and women with the 
same qualifications and positions in the Company.
3.3.4 Reducing environmental footprint - increase environmental awareness to continuously set and 
implement related programs and actions
During its 2022 Capital Markets Day, Ferrari detailed its commitment to achieving carbon neutrality by 
2030, addressing both direct and indirect emissions with a focus on energy and materials, in addition to 
Ferrari’s electrification journey. The company’s contribution to achieving the targets set in 2015 by the Paris 
Agreement is threefold:
• Carbon neutrality in its operations already starting from 2021 emissions, through high quality 
projects with climate and social contributions (decreasing by at least 90% Scope 1 and 2 absolute 
CO2eq emissions by 2030 versus 2021);
• Reduction by at least 40% of Scope 3 emissions per car, focusing mainly on materials and vehicle 
use phase (upstream: -30% per car by 2030 vs. 2021 and downstream: -50% per car by 2030 vs. 
2021); and
• Commitment to set Science Based Targets. 
In 2022, Ferrari conducted a thorough Climate Scenario Analysis of its prospective climate change risks, 
both physical and transitional, following the most up-to-date methodologies available internationally, 
covering the 2030 to 2050 time horizon, to strengthen its resilience strategy. Since 2021, Ferrari calculates 
its carbon footprint considering the GHG emissions related to all Ferrari Group activities over its entire 
value chain, based on GHG protocol methodology and verified by a third-party certification entity according 
to ISO 14064-1:2018 requirements. During 2022, Ferrari also installed new photovoltaic panels for over 
450 kWp in its plant at Maranello. They will be put into operation from 2023 onwards. In 2022, the 
trigeneration plant produced 71% of the electricity needed for the Maranello plant, while the renewable 
sources cover the remaining 29%. Moreover, in the same year Ferrari installed a 1 MW solid oxide fuel cell 
plant at its Maranello facilities. As a result of these commitments and investments, Ferrari has been able to 
decouple its economic growth from its environmental impact. In other words, Ferrari continues growing its 
business activities while at the same time maintaining its CO2eq emissions at an almost stable level.
3.3.5 Creating and sharing value with the community - encourage strategic partnerships and the 
creation of positive externalities for all stakeholders
Ferrari’s goal is to create and share long-term value with its stakeholders, from its employees and partners 
to the broader community of customers and tifosi. In this context, community engagement and involvement 
with the local territory are of fundamental importance to Ferrari, with particular reference to Maranello and 
Modena, where all Ferrari cars are manufactured. The company’s efforts are directed to support its 
development, mainly through collaborations with local universities and schools, and thanks to the industry 
network in the Emilia-Romagna region. In 2022, Ferrari inaugurated the “e.DO Learning Center”, in 
collaboration with the Fondazione Agnelli, an innovative educational project born of the synergy between 
Ferrari and the local area. It offers the opportunity to learn about artificial intelligence and new 
technologies. The company supported for the third year the education program Arcipelago Educativo, 
developed in collaboration with Fondazione Agnelli and Save the Children.
Ferrari continues its partnership with the Motorvehicle University of Emilia-Romagna (MUNER), which aims 
to attract the best university students from all over the world, with the goal of training the engineers of 
tomorrow and introducing them into the corporate world. Moreover, in 2022, Ferrari launched Bosco 
Ferrari, which aims to progressively afforest 30 hectares of land in the province of Modena, to benefit its 
territory’s biodiversity and to value the importance of natural ecosystems for the well-being of the 
community.
For more information, refer to the Ferrari 2022 Sustainability Report and corporate website
126 BOARD REPORT 

Page 17:
3.4  STELLANTIS
Stellantis is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider guided by a clear purpose: Powered 
by diversity, we lead the way the world moves.
The Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan is a holistic plan built to bring ‘second to none’ value creation for all its 
stakeholders. Corporate Social Responsibility is fully embedded in the plan with 22 CSR topics covering 
environmental, social and governance matters in line with the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 
Stellantis developed many initiatives in 2022 to contribute to the global effort to transition to a more sustainable 
future.
3.4.1 Environment
Stellantis’ strategic plan implements a pathway consistent with science-based recommendations to support 
decarbonisation. The target is to slash emissions in half by 2030, benchmarking 2021, and achieve carbon 
net zero by 2038 with single digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions. Stellantis is 
addressing all sources of greenhouse gas emissions: Vehicles, Supply Chain, Industrial and Sites. 
Notable levers include:
• aggressive vehicle electrification roadmap involving all brands, including the development of 
hydrogen fuel cell zero emission solutions. In 2022, 18.3% of Passenger Cars sold in Europe and 
4.9% of Passenger Cars and Light Duty Trucks sold in the U.S. were electric or plug-in hybrid 
vehicles thanks to growing portfolios.
• integrated battery ecosystem via partnerships, including the global network of gigafactories to 
support the 400 gigawatt-hours needed for Stellantis by 2030. 
• responsible supply of critical raw materials (e.g. lithium), notably through equity investments and 
off take agreements.
• development of Circular Economy Business Unit with the plan to launch vehicles containing 40% of 
recycled and bio-sourced by 2030.
• use of decarbonised electricity in manufacturing processes with the target of 100% in 2030. In 
2022, it reached 55%, contributing to the 11% reduction of the industrial global carbon footprint 
(scope 1 and 2) vs 2021. 
• strong supplier involvement with business awards based on CO2-eq emission requirements 
defined for most emitting commodities.
BOARD REPORT 127

Page 18:
3.4.2 Social
People are the first asset building this new company in an increasingly challenging context. By activating 
the different levers of transformation, Stellantis is evolving in all its components (skills, working 
environment, social responsibility, etc.), from a legacy car maker to a sustainable mobility tech company.
To support this ambition and to make Stellantis a great company to work for, Stellantis defined a four pillars 
Human Capital Development strategy:
• Engage sustainable transformations, based on a constructive and responsible social dialogue. 
• Attract, develop, and retain talent, by cultivating performance, continuous learning, and permanent 
development based on positive employee experiences. 
• Empower diversity with meritocracy, by creating a diverse and inclusive work environment. Women 
held 27% of leadership positions (L1-L2-L3) in 2022, targeting 35% by 2030.
• Leverage the employee experiences by promoting safety, health, and well-being in the workplace, 
by applying a flexible approach, including remote working, by rethinking workplaces, and by 
increasing the adoption of digital and collaborative tools. 
3.4.3 Governance
In 2022, Stellantis announced the creation of the Freedom of Mobility Forum, a stakeholder dialogue 
initiative to contribute to public debate about freedom of mobility in a decarbonised world. Diverse, expert 
contributors representing industry, academia, government, and civil society will challenge their approaches 
on how to provide 'freedom of mobility' for people and the goods and services they need while mitigating 
climate change. The first edition will happen on March 29, 2023. 
For more information, refer to the Stellantis 2022 CSR Report and corporate website.
128 BOARD REPORT 

Page 19:
3.5 CNH INDUSTRIAL
Sustainability is core to CNH Industrial realising its higher company purpose of Breaking New Ground. 
Sustainability Stewardship is one of the five strategic priorities in its long-term business plan. 
The company’s sustainability strategy is centred around four areas – Carbon Footprint; Circularity and Eco-
Efficiency; Inclusion, Equity and Engagement; and Governance – and is specifically linked to six of the 
17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs):
▪ SDG 2: Zero hunger
▪ SDG 3: Good health and well-being
▪ SDG 8: Decent work and economic growth
▪ SDG 10: Reduced inequalities
▪ SDG 12: Responsible consumption and production
▪ SDG 13: Climate action
3.5.1 Carbon footprint
In 2022, CNH Industrial increased its ambition to tackle climate change by committing to the Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and addressing its most relevant emission categories. The lifetime tailpipe 
emissions of CNH Industrial’s products represent its largest opportunity to reduce its CO2 footprint. They 
submitted a plan for approval to SBTi that is focused on cutting the emissions across its product portfolio in 
multiple ways: electrification, biomethane and other biofuels, machine optimization, and advanced 
precision and automation solutions. 
3.5.2 Circularity and Eco-Efficiency 
CNH Industrial made strides toward circular farming systems and eco-efficiency in its products through 
precision farming technologies, which use automation, autonomy and connected platforms to save water, 
reduce fertiliser use and waste, and through the electrification of its equipment. 
BOARD REPORT 129

Page 20:
Key sustainable products launched in 2022 include:
• New Holland Agriculture T7 Methane Power LNG, a partnership with Bennamann and the world’s 
first LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas) tractor.
• Case IH Trident™ 5550 applicator with Raven Autonomy™, the industry’s first autonomous 
spreader.
• New Holland T4 Electric power, the world’s first electric light tractor.
CNH Industrial also continued to pursue its goal of developing a sustainable design criterion for all new 
products.
3.5.3 Inclusion, Equity and Engagement
The company continued to invest in creating a better workplace with a focus on safety, diversity and 
inclusion and building community initiatives.
• $53.2 million spent on health and safety
• $8.1 million for local communities
• 10.6% increase year-over-year of women in the Company’s global workforce
3.5.4 Governance
• Quarterly Executive Sustainability Committee chaired by CEO, and ESG Board Committee 
established
• Rolled out the new CNH Industrial Business System to increase agility and focus on customers via 
a lean approach applicable to manufacturing and the entire organisation
3.5.5 Industry Recognition
CNH Industrial saw its sustainability efforts receive acknowledgment in 2022. The company was included 
in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook with the highest score in the Machinery and Electrical Equipment 
Industry. It placed in the top 1% of over 7,800 companies assessed by the S&P Global Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment.
The company was included in the CDP Climate Change A-list in recognition of its commitment to mitigate 
and cut greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, the company scored an MSCI ESG Rating of AAA for the 
9th consecutive year.
In 2023, CNH Industrial’s focus will be on engaging stakeholders in a double materiality assessment; 
operationalising its carbon footprint reduction strategy as related to its products and processes; pursuing 
innovative technologies to facilitate circularity and eco-efficiency; and continuing to engage its people and 
communities around safety, diversity and inclusion and other key priorities identified by the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals.
For more information, refer to the CNH Industrial 2022 Sustainability Report and corporate website.
130 BOARD REPORT 

Page 21:
3.6 IVECO GROUP
Iveco Group has embraced the mission to put sustainability at the heart of its strategy to ensure business is run 
in an environmentally friendly, socially beneficial economically sound way. By fully integrating environmental 
and social considerations with economic objectives, the company identifies potential risks and seizes 
development opportunities through a process of continuous and sustainable improvement that creates value 
over the long-term.
3.6.1 Priorities
The company has defined and fine-tuned its sustainability priorities to ensure better alignment with its core 
business. The four strategic priorities that underpin its sustainability strategy are:
▪ Carbon Footprint: to reduce CO2 emissions from manufacturing processes along its entire value 
chain and within its product range, aiming at net zero carbon emissions by 2040
▪ Workplace and Product Safety: to minimise the risk of workplace injuries through effective 
preventive and protective measures, and to ensure the products comply with the highest safety 
standards
▪ Life Cycle Thinking: to implement solutions that efficiently minimise the impact of products and 
processes through a circular product life cycle approach
▪ Inclusion and Engagement: to build ever-stronger relationships with stakeholders, continuing to 
work proactively and effectively to create an inclusive work environment
3.6.2 Targets
The company has mapped out the path to achieving these four strategic priorities by setting clear targets, 
with specific reference to its people, direct operations, products and services, and valued partners. These 
targets are part of Iveco Group’s Strategic Business Plan, and progress is regularly reported to both the 
ESG Committee and Senior Leadership Team Sustainability Committee, while clear responsibilities are 
defined for each target. One example is the vehicle CO 2 emissions reduction target the company aims to 
achieve by year-end 2030: a 38% reduction in Scope 3 CO 2 emissions from the use of sold vehicles per 
vehicle-km compared to 2022. Further, executive compensation is linked, among other things, to the 
achievement of two strategic sustainability targets: the long-term incentive plan is linked to a reduction in 
CO2 (scope 1 and 2) emissions compared to 2019 and the short-term incentives are linked to an increase 
in women in management positions. 
BOARD REPORT 131

Page 22:
3.6.3 2022 in action
In 2022, Iveco Group carried out a materiality analysis applying the revised approach to materiality 
introduced by the new GRI Universal Standards (Global Reporting Initiative). The Group focused on 
identifying topics that are likely to be material for the organisation based on the most significant impacts on 
the economy, the environment, and people, including impacts on human rights. Acting proactively and 
anticipating the requirements of the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, the company also 
integrated a financial materiality perspective with the aforementioned impact materiality perspective in a 
double materiality assessment. 
Last year Iveco Group launched its Voice culture transformation journey and conducted an internal 
engagement survey with very specific aims in mind: to assess current levels of engagement and to involve 
Iveco Group people in defining the company’s purpose and values. 
The Group joined the community-based digital platform Open-es, which aims to increase supplier 
engagement and awareness of sustainability topics, while monitoring their sustainability performance. This 
interactive ecosystem combines with the company’s ongoing dialogue with suppliers to create opportunities 
for sharing experiences and finding increasingly innovative solutions that reduce the environmental 
footprint of both.
The Group also outlined its strategy for local community initiatives based on context analysis and best 
practice benchmarking of peers and competitors. It identified three action priorities: preserve biodiversity; 
reduce inequality, protect diversity and vulnerable groups; foster health and wellbeing. These priorities are 
implemented through five pillars of action: awareness, education, mentorship, partnership, and tailored 
projects.
For more information, refer to the Iveco Group 2022 Sustainability Report and corporate website.
132 BOARD REPORT 

Page 23:
3.7 JUVENTUS
Juventus embarked on its sustainability pathway in 2013, becoming one of the first football clubs in the world to 
approach its business in a new way, rising to the challenges linked to this change.
The Juventus business model is strongly geared towards the generation of sustainable value. This aspect is 
closely linked to the implementation of safeguards, responsibilities and risk monitoring systems that let 
Juventus preventively respond to the stresses of the economic and social context in which it operates.
Over the past few seasons, the work of a dedicated internal team has allowed Juventus to promote a number of 
engagement activities on the theme. It has defined its own model which contextualises the company business 
also in terms of sustainability. In particular, the Juventus Board of Directors set up an ESG Committee in the 
2021/2022 season which includes three non-executive directors.
Within this context and with reference to other international sustainability frameworks, Juventus is committed to 
respecting human rights and eliminating all forms of discrimination, in all its daily operations. These values are 
reflected in the Code of Ethics and are inspired by the principles of the UN's Global Compact and the OECD 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
In accordance with the UN Declaration of Human Rights and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles 
and Rights of Workers, Juventus promotes respect of the principles and working conditions to protect the 
dignity of the person throughout its entire value chain, refusing to tolerate conduct or behaviour which may be 
offensive to moral or personal convictions. In this sense during the last two year, Juventus has not recorded 
any incidents concerning the failure to respect human rights and the use of child or forced labour or relating to 
discriminatory acts or those that violate freedom of association.
In addition to that, the Club is also aware about the responsibility and influence of its actions on the 
environment as a company. Because of this correlation between corporate and territorial dimensions, Juventus 
has a responsibility to reduce its impact as much as possible. Following the analysis that involved the entire 
company and led to an updated materiality matrix, the Club has chosen to focus its actions and investments in 
the coming years on the two priorities: energy and waste management, with the aim of reducing the company’s 
carbon footprint as much as possible.
The first step in this journey saw Juventus’ commitment to fully offset its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
through carbon offsetting in 2020/2021 season. By analysing and publishing its Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions, Juventus would be able to gain an understanding of its carbon footprint and aims to deepen its 
reporting efforts, collecting, where possible, data and information that can provide an increasingly accurate 
picture of its direct and indirect impacts in relation to CO2 emissions.
Finally, Juventus recognises sport and football as one of the industries with the biggest social impact, as 
indicated in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development of the United Nations, and Juventus can and must 
have an important role in redefining the rules in the football industry according to this new method and 
contribute to guiding this change.
For more information, refer to the Juventus Non Financial Disclosure 2021/2022 and corporate website.
BOARD REPORT 133

Page 24:
IV. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES
1. IDENTIFIED MATERIAL ESG TOPICS
Exor focuses on a number of ESG issues that have been identified relevant to its stakeholders, its activities and 
the fulfilment of its long-term objectives.
These are identified through an internal assessment, a review of market best practices and peer benchmarking.
FACTOR IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL TOPICS
Environmental
Exor understands that its environmental footprint is minimal due to the nature of 
its activities at the group holding company level. Exor measures its 
environmental footprint in order to establish a baseline and the aim to further 
reduce it and where not possible, offset any remaining emissions. 
Social Exor aims to improve and strengthen its impact on the social systems within 
which it operates, in particular in relation to education.
Governance
Exor is implementing a governance structure and composition that ensures 
transparency, accountability and diversity with particular focus on diversity and 
inclusion.
Activities that are more relevant including, among others, human rights, bribery and corruption and the identification of the material topics for the operating 
companies within the Exor Group are addressed separately in “Section 3. "Summary of the ESG performance of the operating Exor companies” and on the 
operating companies’ websites. 
Its focus areas at holding company level are defined below.
FOCUS AREA ACTION
Exor to be an active and responsible owner focused 
on the long-term development and success of its 
companies
Engaging in continuous dialogue with the companies, 
through presence in the Boards. Promoting best 
governance and business practices.
Exor to be an attractive employer committed to 
building a diverse and high-performing workforce
Attracting and retaining talent through engagement, 
competence development, reward and a strong company 
culture.
Exor to contribute to the cultural, social and economic 
development of communities
Engaging with local communities and supporting projects 
and initiatives, with a special focus on the field of 
education.
2. CODE OF CONDUCT 
By means of the resolution passed on 24 November 2016, the Board of Directors approved and adopted the 
Code of Ethics, which Code of Ethics was amended, renamed the Code of Conduct and approved by the Board 
of Directors in November 2017 (the “Code”).
Exor conducts its business with integrity and with respect for all its stakeholders, while safeguarding its 
corporate image and reputation, by following and respecting the values, principles and guidelines as laid down 
in the Code. Its rigorous observance is required of all people in the Company and of all those who collaborate 
in the pursuit of its corporate mission.
134 BOARD REPORT 

Page 25:
Exor’s governance model, regulating the decision-making process and approach of the Company and its 
employees in the interest of its stakeholders is firmly based on the Code. Together with all the other regulations, 
policies and dispositions issued by the Company, the Code constitutes the foundation necessary for the 
prevention and detection of any infringement of the law.
The Code includes specific guidelines relating to health and safety, business ethics and anti-corruption, 
principles for the management of investments, human resource management, respect of human rights, conflicts 
of interest and abuse of inside information, data privacy, safeguarding of the Company’s assets and 
relationships with public institutions.
Explicit reference is made to the respect of human rights in all of its activities by endorsing the principles of the 
United Nations “Declaration on Human Rights”.
Exor is committed to the following integrity principles:
– Observance of the law: the behaviour of people associated with Exor (including executives, managers, 
directors, employees and external consultants or advisors) in the activities undertaken in the interests of 
the Company is founded on the rigorous observation of national, community and international laws and 
regulations.
– Equality and Impartiality:  people associated with Exor are required to act in the best interest of the 
Company while taking decisions with professional rigour and impartiality and applying to the decisions 
criteria, which are objective and neutral.
– Transparency: people associated with Exor must be founded on the maximum transparency and reliability, 
ensuring that transparent, truthful, complete and accurate information is communicated to all stakeholders 
without favouring any interest group or single individual. Exor undertakes to provide all the information 
necessary for the market to make informed investment decisions, ensuring the correctness and clarity of 
the aforesaid information and the equality of access to it.
– Honesty and correctness in the presence of potential conflict of interest:  each transaction should 
take place in the interest of the Company and should be conducted through a correct and balanced 
management. Situations where the people involved in transactions are or could be in conflict of interests 
must be avoided. In the presence of a potential conflict of interests, people associated with Exor are 
required to inform their Company referent. The Directors undertake to inform the Board of Directors of any 
financial advantage which they may derive from transactions submitted to the Board’s review. 
– Confidentiality: the Company ensures the confidentiality of the information in its possession and does not 
use confidential information unless in possession of express and explicit authorization and, anyhow, always 
in observance of the applicable legislation concerning the protection of personal data. Disclosure of 
information is permitted solely for business or professional purposes; the third party is expressly notified of 
the confidential nature of the information and requested to observe the confidentiality obligation. No 
employee or collaborator may derive advantage of any kind from the use of confidential information, nor 
may disclose such information to others without an authorisation.
The Company is committed to assuring the maximum diffusion of the Code through appropriate communication 
methods, including training and measures to increase awareness of its contents. Exor also takes steps to 
ensure that the companies, in which it has an investment, adopt Codes of Conduct whose principles are based 
on those of its Code of Conduct (available on Exor’s corporate website at www.exor.com).
2.1 WHISTLEBLOWING MECHANISM
Exor’s Code of Conduct outlines how any employee or collaborator, on becoming aware of presumed violations 
of the Code or of general conduct, which is not compliant with the rules of conduct adopted by the Company, is 
expected to report the matter immediately, and without fear of retaliation. The person should report to the 
appointed trusted person (legal / general counsel). In case the report concerns the trusted person itself or a 
non-executive member of the Board, reports should be made directly to the Chairman of the Board. If the report 
concerns an executive member of the Board, reports should be made to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.
BOARD REPORT 135

Page 26:
3. ANTI-BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION
Exor’s Code of Conduct includes, among others, rules related to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, competitive 
behaviour and conflicts of interest. Exor is committed to the highest standards of integrity, honesty, correctness, 
fairness and legality in all internal and external affairs and will not tolerate any kind of bribery or corruption.
In particular, the Company asks all recipients of the Code of Conduct to participate actively in the fight against 
every form of corruption and to avoid any activity or behaviour, which is incompatible with the obligations arising 
from the relationship with the Company on behalf of which they are acting.
It is also forbidden to offer, promise, give, pay or authorise the giving or payment, directly or indirectly, of an 
economic advantage or other utility to a third party (private or public) with the object of:
– Inducing a third party to perform any function or act in a manner, which is improper or contrary to the duties 
of his or her position (or to reward the performance of the same).
– Improperly obtaining or maintaining an unfair business advantage, in violation of the applicable laws.
A violation of anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws is a serious offence for both companies and individuals, 
which can result in significant fines, reputational damage and imprisonment of individuals.
4. INSIDER TRADING POLICY
The Exor Insider Trading Policy describes the guidelines, recommendations and prohibitions for all members of 
the Board of Directors and employees of Exor regarding the legal and regulatory duties and sanctions 
applicable to insider trading and unlawful disclosure of inside information. In addition, the Insider Trading Policy 
states the notification obligations that must be fulfilled under Dutch and Italian law by members of the Board of 
Directors when dealing in securities of Exor and its group companies. The Insider Trading Policy is also 
applicable to persons closely associated (immediate family members or members of the same household) with 
the members of the Board of Directors or employees.
With the Insider Trading Policy Exor makes sure that the requirements of article 18(2) and 19(5) of the Market 
Abuse Regulation (Regulation 596/2014) will be fulfilled. The amended and restated Exor Insider Trading Policy 
was adopted by the Board of Directors on 13 November 2019.
5. TAX APPROACH
Responsible tax behaviour is an essential element and an integral part of Exor’s sustainability strategy. Thereby 
Exor takes the social and corporate responsibility into consideration and the interests of all its stakeholders. As 
part of Exor’s aim to create sustainable growth for all its stakeholders and recognising the role that tax plays in 
this regard, Exor commits to the following global tax approach.
Profile
Exor acts as a responsible tax payer. Our company desideratum is a low tax risk profile. The tax regulations are 
subject to change, among others due to recent developments in the international tax arena (e.g. BEPS). The 
tax regulations are often complex and subject to interpretation. In that regard, tax certainty is aimed on the 
adopted tax positions. Where no certainty can be obtained in advance, Exor ensures that the position is settled 
in line with its tax approach and in force legislation.
Structuring
Exor uses structures that meet the intentions and the spirit of the law and does not compromise business 
motives for tax gains. Exor does not use tax havens (as defined by the European Commission’s “blacklist”) for 
tax avoidance purposes and does not engage in artificial tax arrangements. Exor aims for a tax neutral 
investment structure, not resulting in economic double taxation for its investors.
Tax planning is considered part of the overall business strategy but Exor ensures that it is based on sound 
business activity. This means that aside from factors such as financial impact, complexity and reputation, solid 
business and/or commercial reasons have to exist.
136 BOARD REPORT 

Page 27:
Compliance
Exor strives to be compliant with all applicable laws at all times. Exor’s tax approach is based on a well-defined 
set of principles and internationally accepted standards. We support and adhere to the principles promoting tax 
transparency and responsible tax management as set out in the OECD Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit 
Shifting (BEPS), and the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives (ATAD I and II).
Exor aims to comply with the spirit as well as the letter of the law. Exor complies with any legitimate disclosure 
requirement at first demand. Exor files its tax returns timely and accurately in compliance with reasonable and 
responsible interpretations of local tax laws and regulations. Moreover, the way of working conforms to Exor’s 
Code of Conduct.
Transfer pricing
Exor aims to pay an appropriate amount of tax according to where value is created within the normal course of 
business activity. Any transfer pricing is always calculated using the “arm’s-length” principle.
Transparency
Exor integrates transparency in its approach to tax. Disclosures are made in accordance with the relevant 
domestic regulations, as well as applicable reporting requirements and standards. 
Relationships with tax authorities
Exor seeks to develop strong, honest and mutually respectful relationships with national tax authorities based 
on transparency and mutual trust. All dealings with them are undertaken in a professional, courteous and timely 
manner. Exor provides the tax authorities with all relevant information they require within a reasonable 
timeframe.
6. HR POLICY
Safeguarding and ensuring the well-being of the people that work at and within Exor is of critical importance. 
Their creativity, drive, perseverance and loyalty have contributed to the successful development of the 
Company and will continue to shape its future. Exor makes high demands of its employees: expecting them to 
excel in their work, to collaborate in diverse teams and to improve and expand their own capabilities.
Exor is committed to a working environment where there is mutual trust and respect and where everyone feels 
responsible for the performance and reputation of the Company.
In return, Exor offers a chance to operate in a dynamic and enjoyable work environment and to collaborate with 
highly skilled and ambitious colleagues from all over the world. Exor wants its employees to enjoy their work 
and to be proud to work for the Company.
Exor offers programs and tools to help its employees to balance their personal and professional lives. 
Depending on the employee needs, Exor provides the tools to address the expectations of an evolving labour 
market. Exor has arrangements in place to improve work-life balance including flexitime, part-time or reduced 
hours, telecommuting, parental leave and other leaves.
6.1 WORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY
Exor provides for working conditions which respect the dignity of the individual and it assures a healthy and 
safe workplace, in compliance with the applicable occupational accident prevention and health regulations. It 
also promotes a health and safety culture among all its employees.
7. EXOR EMPLOYEE STATISTICS
Exor has a lean organisation structure at holding company level, employing 22 people at 31 December 2022 . 
Exor puts considerable effort into its recruiting processes, training and competency development, and into 
building a strong company culture, because it believes in the importance of its people in its future success. As a 
result, the Exor workforce is characterised by its diverse, youthful and intellectually curious nature. 
BOARD REPORT 137

Page 28:
Moreover, Exor recognises that its employees possess considerable expertise and talent that can be used for 
the betterment of communities in which it operates. Exor employees are actively encouraged to support 
educational endeavours whether it be as mentors, guest speakers, or experts in their respective field. Exor also 
organises training courses to help support the growth of its employees professionally. For example, in 2022, a 
financial training course was hosted for employees at an earlier stage in their careers in the Company which 
covered topics including but not limited to accounting, financial statements and valuation methodologies. 
Employees from various Exor offices participated in the course. 
Exor promotes diversity and believes that no individual should be subjected to discrimination based on their 
age, gender, sexual orientation, race, nationality, political opinion or religious faith (for example). The Company 
also undertakes to ensure that authority is exercised fairly and correctly, avoiding any abuse of power or 
activities that harm the dignity and autonomy of employees or collaborators.
Under no circumstances will Exor tolerate requests or threats aimed at inducing persons to act in breach of the 
law or of the Code of Conduct, or to behave in a manner, which conflicts with the moral convictions and 
personal preferences of the individual.
Exor values and promotes a multicultural environment within its offices and its employees come from diverse 
professional, national and cultural backgrounds. As a result, it is tracking diversity and plans to broaden the 
dimensions under which diversity is measured over time in order to allow truly diverse workplaces to flourish. 
BY EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT (PERMANENT AND TEMPORARY), BY GENDER
Type of employment 
contract
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent 10 9 19 9 8 17
Temporary 1 2 3 1 1 2
Total 11 11 22 10 9 19
BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA
Geographical Area 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Male Female Total Male Female Total
The Netherlands 5 6 11 5 6 11
Luxembourg 0 1 1 0 1 1
United Kingdom 6 4 10 5 2 7
Total 11 11 22 10 9 19
PER EMPLOYEE CATEGORY BY GENDER
Employment category 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Male Female Total Male Female Total
Top Managers 2 2 4 2 2 4
Middle-managers 3 4 7 3 3 6
Professionals 6 5 11 5 4 9
Total 11 11 22 10 9 19
138 BOARD REPORT 

Page 29:
PER EMPLOYEE CATEGORY BY AGE GROUP
Employment category 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
<30 30-50 >50 Total <30 30-50 >50 Total
Top Managers 0 0 4 4 0 1 3 4
Middle-managers 0 5  2 7 0 5 1 6
Professionals 6  4  1 11 4 4 1 9
Total 6 9 7 22 4 10 5 19
EMPLOYEE TURNOVER
New hires
2022 2021
Number of employees 5 6
Turnover %  23 %  32 %
Leavers
2022 2021
Number of employees 2 4
Turnover %  9 %  21 %
In 2022, among the new hires, three were female and two were male. Of the leaving employees, one was 
female and one was male. 
In 2021, among the new hires, two were female and four were male. Of the leaving employees, three were 
female and one was male. 
BOARD REPORT 139

Page 30:
8. BOARD DIVERSITY
As governance is the tool that Exor uses to steer its companies on their path to greatness, the Company believes 
that its own governance must meet the highest standards. Therefore, Exor wants to ensure that the diversity of 
thought in its Board continues to be a central factor in its governance. 
To meet this objective, Exor ensures that its Board of Directors has the diversity of experience, expertise and 
backgrounds, and the appropriate independence and judgment needed to fulfil its responsibilities and execute its 
duties. 
Independent Male Aged 50+
5 nationalitiesNon independent Female Aged 30-50
56%44%
67%
33%
44%56%
MARC
BOLLAND
AXEL 
DUMAS
AJAY 
BANGA
MELISSA
BETHELL
LAURENCE
DEBROUX
Chairman Europe at 
Blackstone
Chief Executive Officer at 
Hermès International
Vice Chairman at General 
Atlantic
Partner at Atairos
and Managing Partner of 
Atairos Europe
Non-executive Board Member 
at Novo Nordisk A/S and 
Randstad N.V.
For further information, please refer to the Directors’ full biographies under the Governance section of the Exor 
website.
At 31 December 2022, the composition of the Board of Directors by gender and age groups is as follows:
Directors by gender 
and age group 30-50 >50 Total
Male 3 3 6
Female 2 1 3
Total 5 4 9
140 BOARD REPORT 

Page 31:
V. EU TAXONOMY ON SUSTAINABLE ACTIVITIES
The EU Taxonomy Regulation
Introduced by the European Union in June 2020, the Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (the Regulation) provides a 
classification system defining which economic activity can be considered as environmentally sustainable. The 
Regulation, which is part of a set of provisions implemented to reach the goal of making Europe a climate-neutral 
region by 2050, is designed to help private investors directing their flows to more sustainable economic activities 
avoiding cases of greenwashing.
EU TAXONOMY OBJECTIVES
1) Climate change mitigation
2) Climate change adaptation
3) Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources
4) Transition to a circular economy
5) Pollution prevention and control
6) Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems
The environmentally sustainable economic activities are related to six environmental objectives. 
• The first two objectives – Climate Change Mitigation and Climate Change Adaptation – have been 
regulated during 2021 through the publication of the “Climate Delegated Act”1 that defines the activities that 
can potentially contribute to them;
• The remaining four objectives are expected to be regulated in 2023.
In 2022 (fiscal year 2021), the entities falling within the scope of the Regulation were required to disclose the 
portion of Turnover, capital expenditures (CapEx), and operating expenditures (OpEx) of their “Taxonomy-eligible” 
activities, meaning the economic activities included in the Climate Delegated Act.
From 2023 (fiscal year 2022) on, instead, companies in scope must disclose, in addition to the KPI related to 
eligible activities, those related to aligned activities as well. According to the Regulation, an eligible activity can be 
considered as aligned if: 
• it complies with a set of technical screening criteria, that define the conditions under which the activity:
▪ provides a substantial contribution to one of the six environmental objectives;
▪ does not have negative effects on the remaining five environmental objectives (Do No Significant 
Harm – DNSH);
• it complies with the minimum safeguards (MS), acknowledging the importance of human rights and 
international norms. 
BOARD REPORT 141
1 2021/2139 Delegated Regulation.

Page 32:
Results
At conclusion of EU-Taxonomy assessment Exor reports the KPI required by the European law as a consolidated 
result of its operating subsidiaries (CNH Industrial, Iveco Group, Ferrari, GEDI, Juventus) that have identified 
eligible and aligned activities in consistency with the criteria reported in the Regulation (EU) 2020/852. 
Turnover 2022 KPI2
CapEx 2022 KPI
OpEx 2022 KPI
OpEx	2022	KPI
142 BOARD REPORT 
2 Manufacturing and automotive sector refers to activities 3.3, 3.6, and 6.5. Communication and entertainment sector refer to activities 8.3, 13.2 and 13.3.

Page 33:
Eligibility assessment
Starting from the analysis carried out in relation to FY2021, working closely with the operating companies, Exor 
proceeded to an assessment of the eligibility of the Group’s activities, matching them with those listed in the 
Climate Delegated Act, and identifying the following eligible activities:
3.3 – Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport
• 3.6 – Manufacture of other low carbon technologies
• 6.5 – Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles
• 8.3 – Programming and broadcasting activities
• 13.2 – Libraries, archives, museums and cultural activities
• 13.3 – Motion picture, video and television program production, sound recording and music publishing 
activities
Furthermore, the Group identified a list of additional activities, related to expenses incurred during 2022 that can be 
considered individually as Taxonomy-eligible investments, as contributing to the reduction of Group’s greenhouse 
emissions3:
• 4.15 - District heating/cooling distribution;
• 4.16 - Installation and operation of electric heat pumps;
• 4.25 - Production of heat/cool using waste heat;
• 7.2 - Renovation of existing buildings;
• 7.3 - Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment;
• 7.5 - Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring, regulation and 
controlling energy performance of buildings;
• 7.6 - Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies.
MANUFACTURING
3.3 – Manufacture of 
low carbon 
technologies for 
transport
Mitigation
Manufacture of vehicles Ferrari
Manufacturing of 
Commercial Vehicles 
segment (CV), vehicle 
maintenance and repair
Iveco Group
3.6 – Manufacture of 
other low carbon 
technologies
Mitigation Production of electric 
traction technologies CNH Industrial
SECTOR ACTIVITY OBJECTIVE DESCRIPTION OPERATING 
COMPANY4
BOARD REPORT 143
3 Delegated Regulation 2021/2178 (“Disclosure Delegated Act”) - Annex I, § 1.1.2.2, point c.
4 The scope of the assessment includes all subsidiaries considered significant and consolidated with line-by-line method. Companies consolidated at equity method 
or reclassified within assets held for sales are excluded from the analysis. 

Page 34:
ENERGY
4.15 – District heating/
cooling distribution Mitigation Operations and installation 
of heaters ducts CNH Industrial
4.16 - Installation and 
operation of electric 
heat pumps
Mitigation
Installation and 
maintenance of heat 
pumps
CNH Industrial
4.25 - Production of 
heat/cool using waste 
heat
Mitigation
Installation and 
maintenance of waste heat 
recovery system
CNH Industrial
TRANSPORT
6.5 – Transport by 
motorbikes, passenger 
cars and light 
commercial vehicles
Mitigation
Financial services 
activities Ferrari
Leasing for CV vehicles Iveco Group
CONSTRUCTION AND 
REAL ESTATE 
ACTIVITIES
7.2 - Renovation of 
existing buildings Mitigation Building renovation 
measures CNH Industrial
7.3 - Installation, 
maintenance and 
repair of energy 
efficiency equipment
Mitigation Relamping measures and 
windows frame installation CNH Industrial
7.5 - Installation, 
maintenance and 
repair of instruments 
and devices for 
measuring, regulation 
and controlling energy 
performance of 
buildings
Mitigation Installation of energy 
metering systems CNH Industrial
7.6 - Installation, 
maintenance and 
repair of renewable 
energy technologies
Mitigation
Installation and 
maintenance of 
photovoltaic systems
CNH Industrial
INFORMATION AND 
COMMUNICATION
8.3 – Programming 
and broadcasting 
activities
Adaptation Frequency modulation 
radio broadcasting GEDI
ARTS, 
ENTERTAINMENT 
AND RECREATION
13.2 – Libraries, 
archives, museums 
and cultural activities
Adaptation Museum Juventus
13.3 – Motion picture, 
video and television 
program production, 
sound recording and 
music publishing 
activities
Adaptation TV Production Juventus
SECTOR ACTIVITY OBJECTIVE DESCRIPTION OPERATING 
COMPANY4
144 BOARD REPORT 

Page 35:
Alignment assessment
For each eligible activity, the Entities went through an analysis of compliance with the requirements laid down in the 
Climate Delegate Act, in order to assess their degree of alignment to the Regulation.
SUBSTANTIAL CONTRIBUTION CRITERIA ANALYSIS
Activity 3.3 (Mitigation) - Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport
Activity 3.3 is conducted by Ferrari and Iveco. For both entities the substantial contribution criterion is met in 
relation to the production, retrofitting, repurposing or upgrading of electric vehicles5. 
Activity 3.6 (Mitigation) - Manufacture of other low carbon technologies
Activity 3.6 relates to the production and development of electric traction technologies performed by CNH 
Industrial. The Group has not concluded yet a complete assessment of life-cycle GHG emissions related to those 
solutions, as required by the Regulation, and therefore considers the activity as not aligned.
Activity 6.5 (Mitigation) - Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles
In relation to activity 6.5, the Group focused on the financial services provided in relation to the leasing of light and 
heavy-duty vehicles. For FY2022, no leased vehicles by Iveco met the substantial contribution criteria, which set a 
limit to specific emissions of CO2 6 to 50gCO2/km. In the case of Ferrari, vehicles meeting the technical screening 
criteria are not on the market yet. Thus, both companies allocated all the expenses referred to these categories of 
vehicles to activity 3.3.
Activity 8.3 (Adaptation) - Programming and broadcasting activities, Activity 13.2 (Adaptation) - Libraries, 
archives, museums and cultural activities and Activity 13.3 (Adaptation) - Motion picture, video and 
television program production, sound recording and music publishing activities
For activities 8.3 (GEDI’s radio broadcasting) and for activities 13.2 and 13.3 (related to Juventus Museum and 
Juventus TV respectively) an analysis of the most important physical climate risks is required. As the entities did 
not accomplish to date such an assessment on their assets, those activities are considered as not aligned.
Substantial contribution criteria related to output of the purchase of output from Taxonomy-aligned 
economic activities and to individual measures contributing to the reduction of Group’s greenhouse 
emissions 
In relation to the investments made by CNH Industrial, the substantial contribution criteria for the climate change 
mitigation objective are met only for activities 4.25, 7.3, 7.5 and 7.6, for the production of heat from waste, 
installation of high energy efficiency equipment, smart energy meters and photovoltaic panels, respectively, the 
activities related to these investments were considered in line with the substantial contribution criteria because the 
Regulation states that the installation itself allow the activity to comply with the substantial contribution criteria. 
For the remaining eligible activities (4.15, 4.16 and 7.2), the Group, in the absence of sufficient data from suppliers 
to assess the compliance with the substantial contribution criteria and relying on a precautionary approach, 
considered those activities as non-aligned.
DO NOT SIGNIFICANT HARM ANALYSIS
Activity 3.3 - Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport
All economic activities falling under activity 3.3 met the DNSH criteria with regard to the other five environmental 
objectives. More in detail:
• Climate change adaptation: for each Iveco and Ferrari’s plant where the eligible activity is performed, a 
climate risk and vulnerability assessment is in place to identify the physical climate risks material to the 
activities themselves, as well as the adaptation solutions to reduce such risks accordingly;
BOARD REPORT 145
5 Reference is made to criterion f) vehicles of category M1 and N1 classified as light-duty vehicles with specific emissions of CO2, as defined in Article 3(1), point 
(h), of Regulation (EU) 2019/631, lower than 50 g CO2/km (low-and zero-emission light-duty vehicles).
6 as defined in Article 3(1), point (h), of Regulation (EU) 2019/631.

Page 36:
• Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources: degradation risks related to preserving 
water quality and avoiding water stress were identified and addressed through the companies’ 
environmental management system, with the aim of achieving good water status and good ecological 
potential. The WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas was used to identify the company’s plants in water-
stressed areas; 
• Transition to a circular economy: the circular economy criteria were met, for Ferrari and Iveco, in 
relation to electric vehicle manufacturing processes. Processes in place adopt, when feasible, 
techniques that support the reuse of secondary raw materials and waste management system that 
prioritise recycling over disposal. In addition, information on traceability of substances of concern 
throughout the life cycle of the vehicles are provided according to applicable regulations.
• Pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals: Ferrari and Iveco assessed 
and verified the compliance with the requirements related to the use of certain substances, as set out 
in Appendix C of the Climate Delegated Act. 
• Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems: both entities conducted an assessment of 
the environmental impact as required by the Appendix D, for all manufacturing sites where the eligible 
activity is carried out. 
Activity 3.6 - Manufacture of other low carbon technologies
CNH Industrial’s activities for the development of electric traction technologies are not in line with all DNSH criteria 
set by the Regulation: in particular, a complete climate risk analysis as required by Appendix A of the Climate 
Delegated Act is not in place.
Activity 6.5 - Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles 
In relation to activity 6.5, Iveco considered as aligned the proportion of the financial services related the leasing of 
vehicles with specific emissions levels lower than 50 g CO2/km, as DNSH criteria relevant to these activities are 
met. In particular, in addition to the climate risk and vulnerability assessment required for DNSH of the activity 3.3, 
the following criteria are set:
• Transition to a Circular Economy: the circular economy criteria are met in relation to M1 and N1 
vehicles;
• Pollution Prevention and Control regarding Use and Presence of Chemicals: both vehicles M1 and N1 
comply with the requirements of the most recent applicable stage of the Euro 6 light-duty emission 
type-approval, as well as with external rolling noise requirements related to tyres.
Notwithstanding, no contribution occurred during the reporting period from this specific activity. In the case of 
Ferrari, vehicles meeting the technical screening criteria are not on the market yet.
Activity 8.3 - Programming and broadcasting activities, Activity 13.2 - Libraries, archives, museums and 
cultural activities and Activity 13.3 - Motion picture, video and television program production, sound 
recording and music publishing activities
For activities 8.3 (GEDI), 13.2 and 13.3 (Juventus) related to the climate change adaptation objective, no specific 
DNSH criteria are set.
DNSH criteria related to output of the purchase of output from Taxonomy-aligned economic activities and 
to individual measures contributing to the reduction of Group’s greenhouse emissions
In relation to the investments made by CNH Industrial (namely activities 4.15, 4.16, 4.25, 7.2, 7.3, 7.5, and 7.6), the 
DNSH criteria required an in-depth analysis involving the suppliers of the services and products related to the 
eligible activities. Nevertheless, in the absence of sufficient data from suppliers to assess the compliance with the 
DNSH criteria and relying on a precautionary approach considered those activities as non-aligned.
146 BOARD REPORT 

Page 37:
MINIMUM SAFEGUARDS
Finally, each legal entity of Exor Group assessed the compliance with the minimum safeguards referred to in Article 
18 of the Regulation, aimed at ensuring that the activities are performed in line with the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, including the principles 
and rights set out in the eight fundamental conventions identified in the Declaration of the International Labour 
Organisation on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the International Bill of Human Rights. The 
analysis of the companies comprises the requirements referred to in these sources, and the recommendations of 
the EU Platform on Sustainable Finance 7, assessing the safeguards in place on human rights, consumer interests, 
corruption, competition and taxation. In relation to these four areas, for the reporting year 2022 there were no 
instances of non-compliance.
In relation to the eligible activities identified, Iveco upholds respect for human rights through its Code of Conduct, 
Supplier Code of Conduct, and Human Rights Policy. Human rights are monitored across the company’s internal 
operations and throughout its supply chain and customer base by means of dedicated processes for each area. To 
ensure full compliance with applicable anti-corruption and bribery laws, an Anti-Corruption Policy and specific 
procedures are in place. The company’s tax risk management strategy focuses on managing and minimising the 
possibility of operating in violation of tax regulations or in a way that is contrary to the principles or purposes of the 
tax system. As regards grievances, a Compliance Helpline is available to all Iveco employees, customers, 
suppliers, and other third parties to report potential violations of applicable laws, company policies, or the Code of 
Conduct. Lastly, Iveco safeguards consumer interest through its Code of Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct, 
which stipulate, among other things, respect for the principles of fair competition and antitrust regulations.
Ferrari is compliant with the safeguards regarding human rights in our activities, grievance mechanisms, anti-
corruption, competition and taxation. Furthermore, the Company is developing actions aimed at ensuring full 
compliance with safeguards, through the development of a state-of-the-art corporate due diligence processes on 
human rights that will involve our business partners both upstream and downstream. This approach, integrated into 
corporate integrity framework, will be carried out in accordance with the OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).
Furthermore, CNH Industrial, GEDI and Juventus adopt specific policies and procedures to guarantee the respect 
of human rights, in addition to provisions set by National laws. Nevertheless, the companies, adopting a cautious 
approach, deemed not to consider as met all the requirement set in Article 18 as met, in particular in relation to the 
supply chain. 
On top of this, Exor is committed to ensure absolute compliance to the principles included in the Article 18 of the 
Regulation based on the provisions and rules laid down in its Code of Conduct.
BOARD REPORT 147
7 Final Report on Minimum Safeguards, October 2022.

Page 38:
TURNOVER KPI
Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria
(“Does No Significantly Harm”)
Economic activities
Code(s)
Absolute 
turnover
Proportion 
of turnover
Climate 
change 
mitigation
Climate 
change 
adaptation
Water and 
marine 
resource
Circular 
economy
Pollution
Biodiversity 
and 
ecosystem
Climate 
change 
mitigation
Climate 
change 
adaptation
Water and 
marine 
resource
Circular 
economy
Pollution
Biodiversity 
and 
ecosystem
Minim
um 
safeg
uards
Taxonomy -
aligned 
proportion of 
turnover, year 
2022
Taxonomy -
aligned 
proportion of 
turnover, year 
2021
Category 
(enabling 
activity)8
Category 
(transitional 
activity)9
M€ % % % % % % % Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % % E T
A. TAXONOMY - ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES %
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for 
transport 3.3 170 0.41% 100.00% 0.00% - - - - Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 0.41% N/A E
Turnover of environmentally sustainable 
activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 170 0.41% 100.00% 0.00% - - - - 0.41%
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities)
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for 
transport 3.3 15,347 36.68%
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies 3.6 1 0.00%
Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light 
commercial vehicles 6.5 155 0.37%
Programming and broadcasting activities 8.3 57 0.14%
Libraries, archives, museums and cultural 
activities 13.2 2 0.01%
Motion picture, video and television program 
production, sound recording and music publishing 
activities
13.3 10 0.02%
Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)
15,572 37.22%
Total (A.1 + A.2) 15,742 37.63% 0.41%
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
Turnover of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B) 26,101 62.37%
Total (A + B) 41,844 100.00%
148 BOARD REPORT 
8 Enabling economic activity shall qualify as contributing substantially to an objective by directly enabling other activities to make a substantial contribution to one or more of those objectives.
9 Transitional activity refers to an economic activity for which there is not technologically, and economically feasible low-carbon alternative. It shall qualify as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation where it supports the transition to 
a climate-neutral economy consistent with a pathway to limit the temperature increase to 1,5°C above pre-industrial levels.

Page 39:
CAPEX KPI
Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria
(“Does No Significantly Harm”)
Economic activities
Code(s)
Absolute 
CapEx
Proportion 
of Capex
Climate 
change 
mitigation
Climate 
change 
adaptation
Water and 
marine 
resource
Circular 
economy
Pollution
Biodiversity 
and 
ecosystem
Climate 
change 
mitigation
Climate 
change 
adaptation
Water and 
marine 
resource
Circular 
economy
Pollution
Biodiversity 
and 
Minimum 
safeguardsTaxonomy -
aligned 
proportion of 
Capex, year 
2022
Taxonomy -
aligned 
proportion of 
Capex, year 
2021
Category 
(enabling 
activity)10
Category 
(transitional 
activity)11
M€ % % % % % % % Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % % E T
A. TAXONOMY - ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES %
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for 
transport 3.3 239 8.15% 100.00% 0.00% - - - - Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 8.15% N/A E
CapEx of environmentally sustainable 
activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 239 8.15% 100.00% 0.00% - - - - 8.15%
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities)
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for 
transport 3.3 880 29.99%
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies 3.6 6 0.20%
District heating/cooling distribution 4.15 0 0.00%
Installation and operation of electric heat pumps 4.16 0 0.00%
Production of heat/cool using waste heat 4.25 0 0.00%
Renovation of existing buildings 7.2 11 0.37%
Installation, maintenance and repair of energy 
efficiency equipment 7.3 7 0.24%
Installation, maintenance and repair of 
instruments and devices for measuring, regulation 
and controlling energy performance of buildings
7.5 0 0.00%
Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable 
energy technologies 7.6 0 0.00%
Programming and broadcasting activities 8.3 2 0.07%
CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)
906 30.88%
Total (A.1 + A.2) 1,145 39.03% 8.15%
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
CapEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B) 1,788 60.95%
Total (A + B) 2,934 100.00%
BOARD REPORT 149
10 Enabling economic activity shall qualify as contributing substantially to an objective by directly enabling other activities to make a substantial contribution to one or more of those objectives.
11 Transitional activity refers to an economic activity for which there is not technologically, and economically feasible low-carbon alternative. It shall qualify as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation where it supports the transition to 
a climate-neutral economy consistent with a pathway to limit the temperature increase to 1,5°C above pre-industrial levels.

Page 40:
OPEX KPI
Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria
(“Does No Significantly Harm”)
Economic activities
Code(s)
Absolute 
OpEx
Proportion 
of Opex
Climate 
change 
mitigation
Climate 
change 
adaptation
Water and 
marine 
resource
Circular 
economy
Pollution
Biodiversity 
and 
ecosystems
Climate 
change 
mitigation
Climate 
change 
adaptation
Water and 
marine 
resource
Circular 
economy
Pollution
Biodiversity 
and 
ecosystems
Minimum 
safeguardsTaxonomy 
-aligned 
proportion 
of OpEx, 
year 2022
Taxonomy -
aligned 
proportion of 
Opex, year 
2021
Category 
(enabling 
activity)12
Category 
(transitional 
activity)13
M€ % % % % % % % Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % % E T
A. TAXONOMY - ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES %
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for 
transport 3.3 77 4.52% 100.00% 0.00% - - - - Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 4.52% N/A E
OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 77 4.52% 100.00% 0.00% - - - - 4.52%
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities)
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for 
transport 3.3 546 32.08%
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies 3.6 57 3.35%
Renovation of existing buildings 7.2 1 0.06%
Installation, maintenance and repair of energy 
efficiency equipment 7.3 1 0.06%
Programming and broadcasting activities 8.3 23 1.35%
Libraries, archives, museums and cultural 
activities 13.2 0 0.00%
Motion picture, video and television program 
production, sound recording and music publishing 
activities
13.3 0 0.00%
OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)
628 36.90%
Total (A.1 + A.2) 705 41.42% 4.52%
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
OpEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B) 997 58.58%
Total (A + B) 1,702 100.00%
150 BOARD REPORT 
12 Enabling economic activity shall qualify as contributing substantially to an objective by directly enabling other activities to make a substantial contribution to one or more of those objectives.
13 Transitional activity refers to an economic activity for which there is not technologically, and economically feasible low-carbon alternative. It shall qualify as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation where it supports the transition to 
a climate-neutral economy consistent with a pathway to limit the temperature increase to 1,5°C above pre-industrial levels.

Page 41:
KPI Calculation Methodology (Accounting Policy)
The Annexes of the Disclosure Delegated Act require to calculate the proportion of Turnover, CapEx and OpEx 
associated with eligible and aligned activities. All denominators of the KPIs described have been calculated at 
consolidated level, while numerators have been calculated as the sum of the values resulting from each entity 
considered in the Taxonomy perimeter.
TURNOVER
Denominator:
The Turnover KPI was calculated as the part of the net turnover derived from products or services, including 
intangibles (numerator) divided by the net turnover (denominator). The net turnover is defined as the amount 
derived from the sale of products and the provision of services after deducting sales rebates and value added taxes 
directly linked to the turnover. Following the description, the KPI denominator corresponds to the line item “Net 
Revenues” presented in Note 5 – Net Revenues of the Group’s consolidated financial statements – and it is equal 
to € 41.844 million. 
Numerator:
The Turnover numerator has been derived at entity-level, from the managerial profit & loss of each legal entity. 
Due to this analysis, a share of the total Group turnover has been associated to the following eligible activities:
• 3.3 Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport;
• 3.6 Manufacture of other low carbon technologies;
• 6.5 Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles;
• 8.3 Programming and broadcasting activities;
Among these activities, a share of the activity 3.3 (0.41%) has been identified as aligned to the Regulation. 
Following the EU Commission provisions 14, activities 8.3, 13.2 and 13.3 are marked as “eligible-to-be-enabling” for 
this reporting cycle, and revenues associated with GEDI’s radio broadcasting activity and Juventus Museum and 
TV have been included in the numerator as eligible activities. 
CAPEX
Denominator:
For the calculation of the CapEx KPI denominator 15, the Group considered the increases of the period related to 
Property Plant and Equipment (PP&E), Intangible Assets (excluding goodwill) and Right of Use Assets (RoU), as 
presented in Note 14 - Intangible assets and in Note 15 - Property, plant and equipment, to the Group consolidated 
financial statements. As required by the Regulation, the values considered correspond to the line items “Additions” 
of the tables presented in Note 14 and 15, thus excluding the effects resulting from amortization, depreciation, 
impairment losses, divestment, assets classified as held for sale, translation differences and other. The 
consolidated value resulting from the addition of tangibles, intangibles and RoU is equal to €2.934 million. 
Numerator: 
The CapEx numerator has been derived from managerial reports describing additions of assets occurred during the 
fiscal year 2022. In particular, the Group, in accordance with § 1.1.2.2 of the Disclosure Delegated Act, identified 
capital expenditures related to:
• assets or processes that are associated with Taxonomy-eligible/aligned economic activities;
• for Ferrari, the plan to expand Taxonomy-aligned economic activities;
• the purchase of output from Taxonomy-aligned economic activities and individual measures enabling the 
target activities to become low-carbon or to lead to greenhouse gas reductions. 
BOARD REPORT 151
14 Commission Notice, 2022/C 385/01, October 2022.
15 The proportion of CapEx shall cover: the additions to tangible and intangible assets during the financial year and the additions to tangible and intangible assets 
resulting from business combinations.

Page 42:
Based on this analysis, a share of the total CapEx of the Group has been associated to the following eligible 
activities:
• 3.3 Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport;
• 3.6 Manufacture of other low carbon technologies;
• 4.15 District heating/cooling distribution;
• 4.16 Installation and operation of electric heat pumps;
• 4.25 Production of heat/cool using waste heat;
• 6.5 Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles;
• 7.2 Renovation of existing buildings;
• 7.3 Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment;
• 7.5 Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring, regulation and 
controlling energy performance of buildings;
• 7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies;
• 8.3 Programming and broadcasting activities;
Among these activities, a share of the activity 3.3 (8.15%) has been identified as aligned to the Regulation. 
OPEX
Denominator:
For the calculation of the OpEx KPI 16 denominator, the Group relied on the accounting records used for the 
preparation of EXOR consolidated financial statements, considering the share of costs falling into the categories 
mentioned by the Regulation: non-capitalized R&D, day to day servicing of assets, building renovation measures, 
short term lease, maintenance and repairs. For the calculation of the denominator, the following categories have 
been excluded17: i) overheads, ii) raw materials, iii) cost of employees operating the machine, iv) cost of managing 
R&D projects and v) electricity, fluids or reagents needed to operate property plant and equipment. 
For all the categories of the OpEx KPI, the Group has considered both external (outsourced activities) and internal 
costs (labor, materials and tools costs). 
The consolidated value resulting from the analysis conducted on the Group’s operating expenditures is equal to 
€1.702 million.
Numerator:
The OpEx numerator has been derived from managerial reports describing operating expenditures occurred during 
the fiscal year 2022, taking into account only the categories pointed out by the Regulation. In particular, the Group, 
in accordance with § 1.1.2.2 of the Disclosure Delegated Act, identified operating expenditures related to the same 
perimeter as for the numerator of the CapEx KPI.
Based on this analysis, a share of the total OpEx of the Group has been associated to the following eligible 
activities:
• 3.3 Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport;
• 3.6 Manufacture of other low carbon technologies;
• 4.15 District heating/cooling distribution;
• 4.16 Installation and operation of electric heat pumps;
152 BOARD REPORT 
16 The proportion of OpEx shall be calculated as the numerator divided by the denominator associated with assets/ processes associated with taxonomy aligned 
activities. The denominator shall cover direct non-capitalized costs that relate to: Research and development, building renovation measures, short-term lease, 
maintenance and repair, the day-to-day servicing of assets.
17 Commission Notice, 2022/C 385/01, October 2022.

Page 43:
• 4.25 Production of heat/cool using waste heat;
• 7.2 Renovation of existing buildings;
• 7.3 Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment;
• 7.5 Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring, regulation and 
controlling energy performance of buildings;
• 7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies;
• 8.3 Programming and broadcasting activities;
Among these activities, a share of the activity 3.3 (4.52%) has been identified as aligned to the Regulation. 
BOARD REPORT 153

Page 44:
VI. GRI CONTENT INDEX
Disclosures Page Comment
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organizational details 317
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s 
sustainability reporting 112
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact 
point 1
2-4 Restatements of information No changes compared to FY2021.
2-5 External assurance Not verified by an external third party.
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business 
relationships 9-14
2-7 Employees 137-139
2-8 Workers who are not employees Not applicable.
2-9 Governance structure and composition 92-110
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest 
governance body 92-103
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 93-94
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in 
overseeing the management of impacts 102-103
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing 
impacts 102-103
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in 
sustainability reporting
102-103, 
116-117
2-15 Conflicts of interest 99-100
2-16 Communication of critical concerns 135
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest 
governance body 93-100
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest 
governance body 98-99
2-19 Remuneration policies 158-168
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 159-161
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio 160
2-22 Statement on sustainable development 
strategy XII-XIII
2-23 Policy commitments 134-135
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 116
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 74-91
Exor is engaged in continuous dialogue with the 
companies through presence in the Board and provides 
input on subsidiary strategy including ESG topics.
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising 
concerns 116
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 74-91
No significant fines or non-monetary sanctions were 
incurred during FY2022. In February 2022, Exor has 
settled with the Italian Tax Authorities on a complex tax 
issue, specifically in respect of the Exit Tax.
2-28 Membership associations Exor does not have a significant role in any association.
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 116
154 BOARD REPORT 

Page 45:
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements
No employees at the Exor holding level are covered by 
such agreements.
Reference is made to the Code of Conduct (available on 
the Exor’s website), where Exor recognizes the freedom of 
association and the right to collective bargaining.
Economic
3-1 Process to determine material topics 135
3-2 Management approach components and 
evaluation
114-122, 
1353-3
201-1 Direct economic value generated and 
distributed 4
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 115, 
118-121
205-2 Communication and training about anti-
corruption policies and procedures 105
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and 
actions taken 105
207-1 Approach to tax 137-138
Environmental
3-1 Process to determine material topics 135
3-2 Management approach components and 
evaluation
114-122, 
1353-3
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 118-119
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 118-119
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 118-119
Social
3-1 Process to determine material topics 135
3-2 Management approach components and 
evaluation
114-122, 
1353-3
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 137-139
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and 
employees 137-140 
BOARD REPORT 155

Page 46:
VII. SASB STANDARDS
Exor uses the SASB Standards specific to the industry "Asset Management & Custody Activities", in line with the 
Sustainable Industry Classification System.
SASB DISCLOSURE TOPICS & ACCOUNTING METRICS
Topic Accounting Metric SASB code Comment Page
Transparent 
Information & 
Fair Advice for 
Customers
(1) Number and (2) percentage of covered employees 
with a record of investment-related investigations, 
consumer-initiated complaints, private civil litigations, 
or other regulatory proceedings
FN-AC-270a.1 Not applicable: Exor N.V. has no 
customers or clients.
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with marketing and 
communication of financial product-related information 
to new and returning customers
FN-AC-270a.2 Not applicable: Exor N.V. has no 
customers or clients.
Description of approach to informing customers about 
products and services FN-AC-270a.3 Not applicable: Exor N.V. has no 
customers or clients.
Employee 
Diversity & 
Inclusion
Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group 
representation for (1) executive management, (2) non-
executive management, (3) professionals, and (4) all 
other employees
FN-AC-330a.1
Exor discloses Board diversity metrics 
and workforce breakdown by gender, 
age, geographic location, contract type 
and category.
137-140
Incorporation 
of 
Environmental, 
Social, and 
Governance 
Factors in 
Investment 
Management & 
Advisory
Amount of assets under management, by asset class, 
that employ (1) integration of environmental, social, 
and governance (ESG) issues, (2) sustainability 
themed investing, and (3) screening
FN-AC-410a.1 Not applicable: Exor N.V. has no 
customers or clients.
Description of approach to incorporation of 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors 
in investment and/or wealth management processes 
and strategies
FN-AC-410a.2
After identifying potential opportunities, 
Exor assesses them against a set of 
clear investment criteria. Following its 
assessment, Exor selects companies 
that it believes have the capacity to 
become great. One element of Exor’s 
definition of great companies are those 
that act in responsible way: they align 
with the best standards and frameworks 
in ESG, they identify key material themes 
and put in place targets with metrics as 
they continue to the raise the bar in their 
aspiration of industry ESG leadership.
Description of proxy voting and investee engagement 
policies and procedures FN-AC-410a.3
Exor engages with its operating 
companies through active representation 
and participation in the Boards, Regular 
Communication and meetings.
115- 116
Business 
Ethics
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with fraud, insider trading, 
anti-trust, anti-competitive behavior, market 
manipulation, malpractice, or other related financial 
industry laws or regulations
FN-AC-510a.1
In February 2022, Exor has settled with 
the Italian Tax Authorities on a complex 
tax issue, specifically in respect of the 
Exit Tax.
Description of whistleblower policies and procedures FN-AC-510a.2 Description of whistleblowing mechanism 
is presented in the Sustainability Report. 135
SASB ACTIVITY METRICS
Activity Metric SASB code Comment Page
(1) Total registered and (2) total unregistered assets under 
management (AUM) FN-AC-000.A Not applicable: Exor N.V. has no 
customers or clients.
Total assets under custody and supervision FN-AC-000.B Not applicable: Exor N.V. has no 
customers or clients.
156 BOARD REPORT 

Page 47:
VIII. TCFD CONTENT INDEX
Topic TCFD code Page Comment
Governance
Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and 
opportunities. TCFD - G(a) 102-103
The Board of Directors oversees ESG and 
climate matters through a dedicated ESG 
committee.
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities. TCFD - G(b) 116-117
The management is responsible for 
implementing the ESG strategy within the 
Company.
Strategy
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 
organization has identified over the short, medium, and long 
term.
TCFD - S(a) 116-117
Through a bottom up approach, Exor 
identified four main risks and two 
opportunities.
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on 
the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning. TCFD - S(b) 116-117
The scenario analysis performed enabled 
Exor to understand the potential impacts of 
the environment on its activities.
Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C 
or lower scenario.
TCFD - S(c) 116-117
Exor's strategy resilience has been 
assessed at portfolio level by considering 
different climate pathway scenarios defined 
by internationally recognised providers.
Risk Management
Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and 
assessing climate-related risks. TCFD - R(a) 116
The ESG Committee oversees processes in 
place to identify and assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-
related risks. TCFD - R(b) 74-80
Climate related risks are managed within 
our ERM system, based on the COSO 
Framework and monitored by the Audit 
Committee.
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and 
managing climate-related risks are integrated into the 
organization’s overall risk management.
TCFD - R(c) 74-80
Climate-related risks and opportunities 
identification, assessment and management 
processes are fully integrated into Exor’s 
ERM system.
Metrics & Targets
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-
related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk 
management process.
TCFD - MT(a) 116-118
Exor quantifies the impact of climate-related 
risks and opportunities’ using risk adjusted 
GAV.
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks. TCFD - MT(b) 118-119
Exor has calculated its GHG inventory in 
accordance with the internationally 
acknowledged and recognised standards of 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and PCAF for 
portfolio emissions.
Describe the targets used by the organization to manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against 
targets.
TCFD - MT(c) 118-119
Exor has committed to reduce impacts to a 
minimum and has set climate targets at 
holding level.
BOARD REPORT 157

