Page 1:
For the Future 
of Farming
ForFarmers’ 2021  
Sustainability 
Reporting 


Page 2:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
1
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability 
Reporting 
ForFarmers aims to provide a balanced, reliable and 
clear view of its sustainability approach and performance. 
This document provides specific information on the 
management and reporting methods used to arrive 
at the externally assured sustainability data, results 
and topics included in the sustainability reporting. 
ForFarmers references to ESG reporting is guided by the 
World Economic Forum report: Measuring Stakeholder 
Capitalism: Towards Common Metrics and Consistent 
Reporting of Sustainable Value Creation (September 2020) . 
Sustainability reporting content and scope
The content disclosed in the sustainability reporting is 
based on the material topics identified by ForFarmers and 
its stakeholders following its materiality assessment. It is 
also shown in which part of the value chain the material 
topic has an impact. These material topics and related 
boundaries define the sustainability reporting content. 
Materiality determination process 
Every two years we conduct an extensive survey among 
stakeholders, which we then record in a materiality 
matrix. In 2021 we asked just over 300 internal and 
external stakeholders what they considered important 
when it comes to our activities and role in society. 
This time the process involved an online questionnaire 
containing a number of quantitative and qualitative 
questions structured around Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) themes. These were focused on the 
following topics:
• What do our stakeholders think are the most important 
ESG themes in society right now
• How do our stakeholders feel about certain sustaina -
bility dilemmas and trade offs
• How do our stakeholders feel about the adoption of new 
technologies such as gene editing 
• What do our stakeholders think will be the impact of 
forthcoming policy and legislation such as the European 
Green Deal and Farm to Fork strategy 
The outcomes of the stakeholder dialogue were used 
to update the y-axis of ForFarmers materiality matrix. 
The x-axis of the matrix was updated using the expertise 
of ForFarmers Sustainability Task Force. 
The sustainability information in the annual report 
includes the sustainability performance of all operating 
segments, business units and group departments of 
ForFarmers. The reporting includes all entities in which 
ForFarmers, directly or indirectly, exercises management 
control. For some of the sustainability KPIs, the scope is 
more narrowly defined, as is shown in the table below. 
ForFarmers excludes companies or businesses acquired 
during the current and prior reporting period from the 
reporting scope. The reason behind this is that newly 
acquired companies or businesses first need to be 
integrated into the ForFarmers organisation and become 
familiar with the ForFarmers way of working, before the 
reliability of the reported figures can be ensured. As a 
result of this policy, De Hoop Mengvoeders (De Hoop), 
is not included in the scope for 2021 reporting.
Sustainability reporting criteria 
The sustainability reporting has been prepared in 
accordance with the GRI Standards and is presented 
in accordance with the ‘core’ option. Details regarding 
compliance with GRI (GRI content index) can be found in 
the sustainability section on the corporate website. 
For each externally assured sustainability KPI, 
ForFarmers has defined specific reporting criteria, 
see table below:

Page 3:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
2
Sustainability KPI Definition used Specifics on scope External 
Assurance 
100 % responsibly sourced 
palm oil and soy bean meal 
by 2025
ForFarmers considers soy meal sustainable when certificates are bought from soy programmes that 
have successfully passed the benchmarking process against the baseline criteria established in the 
FEFAC Soy Sourcing Guidelines and displayed on FEFAC’s customised page on ITC Standards Map.
ForFarmers considers palm oil & palm oil derivatives sustainable when RSPO (Roundtable on Sustai -
nable Palm Oil) certificates are bought for the equivalent tonnage of palm oil included in the raw 
materials used by ForFarmers.
Organic soy meal used (e.g. Reudink, ForFarmers UK 
organic) or sold (e.g. as straights) is excluded from 
the scope of the sustainable soy meal target as certi -
ficate schemes are only applicable to conventional soy 
and it is therefore not logical to buy conventional 
certificates against organic soy used/sold. 
Yes
85% Suppliers signed Sedex 
Code of Conduct
The number of suppliers who are members of Sedex expressed as a % of spend over the reporting 
period. Includes suppliers of raw materials, DML products and indirect procurement. 
No specific exclusions. No
Take leadership position on 
reduction CO 2 emissions of 
feed materials (scope 3 
upstream)
ForFarmers uses FeedPrint to calculate the CO 2 emissions of the major feed materials. Our formu -
lation team now also uses this information to calculate the upstream emissions (scope 3) based on 
materials being delivered to the feed mill. Where materials are used by ForFarmers which are not yet 
in FeedPrint (usually micro-ingredients), alternative sources of information for example from Nevedi 
are used until 100% of the formula is included. 
No specific exclusions. No
Take leadership position on 
% non human edible feed 
materials in diets
ForFarmers uses the FAO definition and categorisation of human edible and non-edible feed materials. 
All feed and DML materials are categorised and converted to an 88% dry matter basis. The volume of 
materials categorised as by-products, grass and leaves, oil seed cakes and other non-edible are 
divided by the total to produce a % non-human edible feed materials over the reporting period. 
Poland is currently excluded due to the current IT 
system configuration.
No
Largest mill carbon neutral 
as proof of concept 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions associated with production at the Lochem 12 plant are 
reported for the reporting period. The energy generated from the biomass boiler and solar panels is 
converted into CO 2 and included in the total. 
Transport and offices are not included in the calcu -
lation. 
No
50% renewable energy Current reporting includes the primary energy used from the biomass boiler at Lochem, solar panels 
at Lochem and a number of locations in the UK, the biodiesel content of the diesel used in logistics and 
the % renewable energy included in the electricity supply in each country. The energy from these 
sources (converted into kWh) is expressed as a percentage of the total primary energy usage (kWh).
The emissions from the blend plants in the United 
Kingdom and the pet food factory in Calveslage 
(Germany) are currently excluded from the scope.
No 
10% energy/fuel reduction 
per tonne compared to 2020
Primary energy usage per fuel type is recorded (either in kWh or litres) for the reporting period. 
Primary energy usage is divided either by production volume or logistics volume (in the case if diesel). 
The emissions from the blend plants in the United 
Kingdom and the pet food factory in Calveslage 
(Germany) are currently excluded from the scope.
No
GHG emissions Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions are emissions related to gas that contributes to the greenhouse 
effect by absorbing infrared radiation. The GHG emissions are categorised by scope:
• Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions: GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by 
ForFarmers (production and logistics). For the diesel emissions, the tank-to-wheels cycle is 
applied;
• Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions: GHG emissions that result from the generation of 
purchased or acquired electricity consumed by ForFarmers. The market-based method for 
reporting on scope 2 GHG emissions is applied as of 2019. 
• In the full tables, the total GHG/tonne shown is calculated using the volume produced using each 
energy type (not total volume).
ForFarmers only reports on scope 1 and scope 2 GHG 
emissions from ForFarmers controlled compound 
feed plants. The emissions from the blend plants in 
the United Kingdom and the pet food factory in Calve -
slage (Germany) are therefore excluded from the 
scope.
Ja 

Page 4:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
3
Sustainability KPI Definition used Specifics on scope External 
Assurance 
Take leadership position in 
phosphate and nitrogen 
efficiency
The calculated value for phosphate and nitrogen efficiency indicates the amount of phosphate and 
nitrogen which is taken up via feed deposited in animals and animal products. In other words, 
the phosphate and nitrogen efficiency value informs about the phosphate and nitrogen utilisation on the 
farm.
The scope of both phosphate and nitrogen efficiency 
calculations is restricted to dairy cows, swine and 
poultry in the Netherlands. The results are always 
one year behind due to the availability of the data.
Considering that (reliable) data which is required for 
the calculation of phosphate efficiency is only 
available for Dutch farmers, the scope is restricted to 
The Netherlands only.
Phosphate 
only
Lost Time Incident 
Frequency Rate @0.5 per 100 
FTE and a 50% reduction in 
number of LTIs compared to 
2019 
A Lost Time Incident is defined as any unplanned event that results in personal injury, where the 
injured party is unable to work during their next scheduled day. This also includes employees, 
contractors and visitors who have an accident on our (customer’s) premises, at a company organised 
event or during driving on our (contractor’s) lorries. Excluded are driving to and from normal or 
contracted place of work.
The LTI Frequency Rate per quarter is calculated by the following formula: (200.000 hours x LTIs per 
quarter) / total hours worked (= contract hours + overtime hours) per quarter. This is in line with the 
formula used in GRI, the international standards for sustainability reporting.
No specific exclusions. Yes 
Reduction of 50% of Feed 
Safety Incidents compared 
to 2017 
An incident is considered a feed safety incident when human health and/or animal health is at risk. 
Total number of feed safety incidents regarding non-compliance with regulations and voluntary codes 
concerning the health and safety impact of products and services, resulting in a fine or penalty; 
resulting in a warning or via external audits (minor incidents excluded). 
No specific exclusions. Yes
With respect to the KPI reporting, there are no changes in the scope of external assurance compared to 2020.

Page 5:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
4
As the sustainability data is derived from various sources 
across the value chain and differs in maturity, ForFarmers 
continues to work on improving the sustainability data 
collection processes and control environment. In this 
respect, the Executive Team asked ForFarmers’ external 
auditor (KPMG) to provide limited assurance on a number 
of the sustainability KPIs in the 2021 annual report as 
indicated above. KPMG’s assurance report, including 
details of the work they carried out, can be found in the 
Annual Report 2021. 
Furthermore, ForFarmers has several environmental 
certifications: in Germany ForFarmers is ISO 50001 
certified and in the UK there are ISO 50001 and 14001 
certifications. ISO 50001 supports ForFarmers to use 
energy more efficiently through the development of an 
energy management system.
ForFarmers uses publicly available conversion factors to 
convert energy use (kWh or litre) to CO 2. The factors used 
in 2021 are shown below. 
Governance related to Sustainability
ForFarmers has a two-tier governance approach to 
sustainability in the form of the Sustainability Advisory 
Board and the Sustainability Task Force. In 2021 both 
committees had a similar composition and way of working 
as last year to ensure consistency and relevant expertise. 
The Sustainability Advisory Board meets twice a year 
and is chaired by the CEO of ForFarmers. The role of 
the Sustainability Advisory Board is to provide advice 
on ForFarmers’ sustainability strategy and on major 
trends and challenges that should be taken into account. 
The Sustainability Advisory Board is composed of 
two members of ForFarmers’ Executive Committee, 
one member of ForFarmers’ Supervisory Board and 
six external members who are all major players in 
ForFarmers’ supply chain, academia and NGOs.
Composed of one member of the Executive Team and 
eight senior managers, the Sustainability Task Force 
is responsible for the implementation of ForFarmers’ 
sustainability approach. Each business owner is 
responsible for a specific sustainability focus area. 
The task force coordinates improvement measures with 
respect to KPIs and provides relevant information to the 
Executive Board and Team. Within the Executive Team, 
the director Supply Chain is responsible for ForFarmers’ 
sustainability approach. ForFarmers’ Corporate Affairs 
Director is Chairman of the Task force and is responsible 
for driving the sustainability agenda and to continually 
improve performance.
Coefficients to GHG (in kg of CO₂)
Production Country From To 2021
Gas Netherlands kWh Kg of CO 2 0.182
Gas Germany KWh Kg of CO 2 0.182
Gas Belgium KWh Kg of CO 2 0.182
Mazout (gas replacer) Belgium KWh Kg of CO 2 0.278
Gas Poland KWh Kg of CO 2 0.182
Gas UK KWh Kg of CO 2 0.185
Electricity Netherlands KWh Kg of CO 2 0.392
Electricity Germany KWh Kg of CO 2 0.280
Electricity Belgium KWh Kg of CO 2 0.205
Electricity Poland KWh Kg of CO 2 0.697
Electricity UK AIC Kg of CO 2 0.377
Gas oil UK KWh Kg of CO 2 0.278
Kerosene UK KWh Kg of CO 2 0.247
Medium oil UK KWh Kg of CO 2 0.268
Gas Oil Poland KWh Kg of CO 2 0.278
Coal Poland KWh Kg of CO 2 0.306
Diesel All countries l Kg of CO 2 2.4740

Page 6:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
5
Sustainability management approach 
Sustainability data is integrated in ForFarmers’ internal 
reporting processes. Each sustainability focus area 
has assigned a business owner for coordinating the 
sustainability performance on the respective pillar and 
determining future actions and initiatives. The collected 
data is reviewed by the business owner. On a quarterly 
basis1 the sustainability data is consolidated by the 
Corporate Affairs Director and reviewed by Finance 
and Internal Audit. Several internal controls, including 
sanity checks and qualitative analysis, are performed to 
ensure the accuracy and completeness of the data used 
to calculate the KPI performance. The sustainability 
performance is then discussed within the Sustainability 
Task Force as well as the country management teams to 
discuss the current status and next steps. Subsequently 
it is submitted to the Executive Board and Team for 
evaluation.
1 Excluding P-efficiency as this is reported annually, and one year behind, due to the 
availability of data
Stakeholder dialogue
ForFarmers recognises the importance of understanding 
the views of its stakeholders. They challenge us, 
they share their expectations and concerns, they raise 
issues, they provide feedback and they collaborate with 
us. ForFarmers identified two stakeholder groups: level A 
stakeholders have been defined as those directly involved 
in the ForFarmers supply chain (employees, suppliers, 
customers, processors and retailers). Level B includes all 
other stakeholder groups (shareholders, members, NGOs, 
regulators, government, media, investors and banks). 
Engagement with these stakeholders is key for 
ForFarmers and takes place regularly on a formal and 
informal basis. We communicate with the stakeholders 
through various channels and at a variety of levels. 
The following table provides an overview about how 
ForFarmers engages with each stakeholder group, 
what has been shared and discussed during these 
engagements with them and, subsequently, ForFarmers’ 
responses to these raised topics. This is in addition to the 
separately, formally organized stakeholder dialogue to 
update the materiality matrix. 
* Barney Kay will step down. The process for a successor has started.
Sustainability advisory board
• Provide oversight of ForFarmers sustainability performance
• Provide input from key external stakeholders
 Chairman  Yoram Knoop, CEO
Director Supply Chain Arthur van Och
Director Corporate Affairs Nick Major
Supplier Prof. Leo den Hartog
Farmers Dr Simon Schlüter
Food Industry Frank van Ooyen
Erwin Wunnekink
Retail Barney Kay *
NGO Sijas Akkerman
Caroline Drummond
 Chairman Nick Major, Corporate Affairs Director
Director Investor Relations Caroline Vogelzang
Director Supply Chain Arthur van Och
Group Finance Director Bas Deelder
Internal Auditor Rik Berkel
 Business Owners
Health and Safety Arthur van Och
Nutritional Innovation Ad van Wesel
Formulations & Lab Wilco Engberts
Quality Manfred Hessing
Raw Materials Falko Weinberg
Purpose
Composition
Sustainability task force
• Working group which reviews progress against implementation plan
• Identifies gaps in current performance and agree corrective actions

Page 7:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
6
Stakeholders 
Level A
Engagement with stakeholders Expectations shared and topics discussed Expectations/topics addressed in ForFarmers' reporting 
Employees • Day-to-day contact 
• Employee intranet continuously
• Employee magazine half-yearly 
• Regular team meetings 
• Bi-annual employee survey 
• Regular employee councils 
• Management conferences half-yearly 
• Best-in-class employer 
• Safe working environment 
• Fair remuneration 
• Flexible working arrangements 
• Openness and transparent communications 
• Support tor social projects 
Our innovation and sustainability agenda:  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming and in particular  
the following sustaianbility focus areas: 
4. People and Society 
Developing Talent For The Future of Farming 
Suppliers • Day-to-day contact 
• Code of conduct when relevant 
• Regular audits 
•  meetings and visits continuously 
• Contracts and specifications when applicable
• Partnership approach 
• Fair pricing 
• Honour all obligations 
• Openness and transparency 
• Traceability 
• Feed safety 
• Responsible sourcing 
• Green house gas emissions 
Our innovation and sustainability agenda:  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming and in particular  
the following sustaianbility focus areas: 
1.  Feed Resources 
2.  Feed Production 
3.  Feed Solutions 
4.  People and Society 
Customers • Day-to-day contact 
• Website and social media continuously 
• 3-4 magazines per year 
• Monthly digital newsletter 
• Ouarterly sounding boards 
• Advertising and promotions when relevant 
• Regular events 
• Fair pricing 
• On-time, in-full delivery 
• Product quality 
• Technical advice and support 
• Innovation 
• Feed efficiency and feed safety 
• Support tor industry initiatives 
• Resource (phosphate/nitrogen) efficiency 
• Animal health and welfare 
• Antimicrobial resistance 
Our innovation and sustainability agenda:  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming and in particular  
the following sustaianbility focus areas: 
1.  Feed Resources 
2.  Feed Production 
3.  Feed Solutions 
4.  People and Society 
Processors • Day-to-day contact 
• Regular technical meetings and projects 
• Technical advice and support 
• Innovation 
• Openness and transparency 
• Traceability 
• Feed safety 
• Resource efficiency 
• Animal health and welfare 
• Antimicrobial resistance 
• Responsible sourcing 
• Green house gas emissions 
Our innovation and sustainability agenda:  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming and in particular  
the following sustaianbility focus areas: 
1.  Feed Resources 
2.  Feed Production 
3.  Feed Solutions 
4.  People and Society 
Retailers • Day-to-day contact 
• Regular technical meetings and projects 
• Technical advice and support 
• Innovation 
• Openness and transparency 
• Traceability 
• Feed safety 
• Resource efficiency 
• Animal health and welfare 
• Antimicrobial resistance 
• Responsible sourcing 
• Green house gas emissions 
Our innovation and sustainability agenda:  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming and in particular  
the following sustaianbility focus areas: 
1.  Feed Resources 
2.  Feed Production 
3.  Feed Solutions 
4.  People and Society 

Page 8:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
7
Stakeholders 
Level B
Engagement with stakeholders Expectations shared and topics discussed Expectations/topics addressed in ForFarmers' reporting 
Shareholders • Annual shareholder meeting 
• Publication and presentation of annual and  
half-year results 
• Quarterly trading updates 
• Regular roadshows 
• Annual Report 
• Return on investment 
• Openness and transparency 
• Strong culture and values 
• Dividend performance
• Clear strategy
• Sustainability approach
• Reporting and disclosure
Our innovation and sustainability agenda:  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming 
Developing Talent For The Future of Farming 
Governance and Compliance Financial Statements 
Appendix: Sustainability Reporting 
Members • Regular meetings and events 
• Newsletter/member magazine 3-4 per year 
• Continuously via website 
• Strong culture and values
• Openness and transparency
• Long-term management focus 
• Resource efficiency 
• Animal health and welfare
• Antimicrobial resistance
Our innovation and sustainability agenda,  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming and 
in particular the following sustainability focus areas: 
1.  Feed Resources 
2.  Feed Production 
3.  Feed Solutions 
4.  People and Society 
Developing Talent For the Future of Farming 
NGOs • Participation in conferences when relevant 
• Ad hoc meetings 
• Sustainable practices
• Openness and transparency 
• Responsible sourcing of raw materials
• Animal health and welfare 
• Environmental impact of livestock production
Our innovation and sustainability agenda,  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming and 
in particular the following sustainability focus areas: 
1.  Feed Resources 
2.  Feed Production 
3.  Feed Solutions 
4.  People and Society 
Developing Talent For the Future of Farming 
Regulators • Membership of national and European trade 
associations 
• Regular site visits and certification audits 
• Compliance with regulations and standards 
• Responsible sourcing of raw materials
• Animal health and welfare 
• Environmental impact of livestock production 
• Cooperation between national competent authorities  
and company schemes 
Our innovation and sustainability agenda,  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming and 
in particular the following sustainability focus areas: 
1.  Feed Resources 
2.  Feed Production 
3.  Feed Solutions 
4.  People and Society
Developing Talent For the Future of Farming 
Government • Membership of national and European trade 
associations 
• Technical groups and committees when applicable 
• Compliance with regulations and standards 
• Contribution to policy consultations 
• Development and implementation of regulations  
and standards 
• Development of policy
Our innovation and sustainability agenda,  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming 
Developing Talent For the Future of Farming 
Appendix: Sustainability Reporting 
Media • Interviews when relevant 
• Press releases when relevant 
• Transparency 
• Sustainability approach 
• Specific projects and initiatives 
Annual Report and ForFarmers website 
lnvestors  
and banks
• Annual Report 
• Regular roadshows 
• lnvestor conferences and meetings when relevant 
• Transparent reporting and disclosure
• Corporate governance 
• Sustainability approach 
Our innovation and sustainability agenda:  
Going Circular For the Future of Farming 
Developing Talent For the Future of Farming 
Financial Statements 
Appendix Sustainability Reporting 

Page 9:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
8
Through this structural stakeholder engagement with 
all stakeholder groups, ForFarmers identifies emerging 
topics that are important for the company to consider in 
relation to strategic topics. 
Memberships 
As an important player in the livestock and feed industry, 
ForFarmers collaborates with industry associations and 
partnerships to further sustainability progress within 
the industry. ForFarmers’ memberships include, among 
others, European Feed Manufacturers Federation (FEFAC) 
of which a ForFarmers employee is the immediate 
past President and national feed associations (Nevedi 
in the Netherlands, Deutscher Verband Tiernahrung 
(DVT) in Germany, the Belgian Feed Association (BFA) 
and the Agricultural Industries Confederation (AIC) in 
the UK). Tasomix is not a member of the Polish Feed 
Association. Through these memberships ForFarmers 
helps to represent, promote and defend the interests of 
the European compound feed industry with the National 
and European Institutions and international bodies. 
A comprehensive list of all our memberships can be found 
on the website .
EU Taxonomy
The EU Taxonomy regulation, which came into force 
in 2020 is a mandatory classification system to 
determine which economic activities are considered 
‘environmentally sustainable’. Accordingly, to classify 
an activity as 'environmentally sustainable', a distinction 
between Taxonomy-eligibility and Taxonomy-alignment 
is required. If an activity meets the description in the 
Delegated Regulations, it is considered Taxonomy-eligible. 
Companies need to disclose only the shares of eligible 
Turnover, capital expenditure (capex) and operating 
expenditure (opex) for 2021, whilst for 2022 the alignment 
assessment is required. Activities can be considered 
‘environmentally sustainable’ if certain criteria are met 
(Taxonomy-alignment). 
The EU Taxonomy regulation covers six environmental 
pillars, of which in 2021 the Delegated Act was adopted 
for the first two environmental pillars (Climate Change 
Mitigation and Climate Change Adaptation), to be followed 
by the other four in 2022 (sustainable use and protection 
of water and marine resources, the transition to a circular 
economy, pollution prevention and control, and the 
protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems).
Our ambitions with regard to sustainability, such as our 
focus on circularity via the use of non-human-edible moist 
and liquid feeds, or our continued efforts to reduce energy 
consumption per tonne of feed are not yet covered under 
the first two environmental pillars of the EU taxonomy. 
As a result, the current eligibility of the activities of 
ForFarmers where it concerns revenues is still relatively 
low. With respect to capital expenditures and operational 
expenditures, these fall partly within the EU taxonomy, 
namely 7.4% of capex, 7.1% of opex and, as mentioned, 0% 
of revenues in 2021. ForFarmers avoided double-counting 
in calculating the Taxonomy-eligible capex and opex 
across economic activities by tracking capex and opex 
items by their nature.
Turnover
Total turnover under the EU Taxonomy equals ‘Revenue’ 
as included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The proportion of eligible Turnover is calculated by 
assessing which portion of total turnover derives from 
products or services associated with economic activities 
included in the EU Taxonomy. Under the first 2 pillars of 
the EU Taxonomy, there is no economic activity that clearly 
matches the business of ForFarmers.
Capex
Total capex under the EU Taxonomy corresponds to the 
following Consolidated Financial Statements line items:
• Additions, new lease contracts and acquisitions through 
business combinations in property, plant and equipment 
and right of use assets (note 18)
• Additions and acquisitions through business combina -
tions in intangible fixed assets (note 19)
• Purchases of poultry livestock, feed and nurture 
(note  24)
The proportion of eligible capex is calculated by assessing 
which portion of total capex of ForFarmers relates to 
assets or processes associated with economic activities 
included in the EU Taxonomy. The conclusion is that 
eligible capex is limited to a small portion of total capex, 

Page 10:
ForFarmers Annual Report 2021
About ForFarmers’ 2021 Sustainability Reporting 
9
and mainly relates to investments in trucks and IFRS16 
additions for lease cars, besides investments in energy 
efficient equipment.
Opex
Total opex under the EU Taxonomy concerns direct 
non-capitalized costs that relate to research and 
development, building renovation measures, short-term 
lease, maintenance and repair, and any other direct 
expenditures relating to the day-to-day servicing of assets 
of property, plant and equipment that are necessary to 
ensure the continued and effective functioning of such 
assets. As an accounting policy choice, ForFarmers also 
included in the total opex variable lease payments and 
low-value leases.
The proportion of eligible opex is calculated by assessing 
which portion of total opex relates to assets or processes 
associated with economic activities included in the EU 
Taxonomy. The conclusion is that eligible opex is limited to 
a small portion of total opex, and mainly relates to variable 
short-term lease payments for lease cars.
This Appendix about ForFarmers' sustainability reporting 
forms part of the ForFarmers annual report 2021.

