Page 1:
Brewing a Better World
Sustainability 
Report 2015

Page 2:
A year of collaboration  
for good
Welcome to our Sustainability Report and  
an update on how we performed in 2015. 
In terms of the big picture, there’s a lot the 
business can be proud of. We’ve turned around 
cider sales and are in a great place with our 
Star Pubs and Bars estate.
That said, we’re still operating in a challenging 
market. Beer volumes are declining and 
competition is tough, especially in the grocery 
market. And we’re not alone in dealing with some 
major sustainability issues – climate change and 
sustainable farming to name just a couple.
Faced with difficult situations is a constant 
reminder of the volatile world we live in. But 
importantly, this drives us to innovate – to look 
for new and better ways to do things. Our 
Brewing a Better World strategy is so important 
to our business because it makes us continually 
innovate and improve. It helps us have a positive 
impact on the people and places where we work. 
It’s what makes us different. 
To deliver our strategy – and have a lasting 
impact – we need partners. We need everyone 
involved in our business to help us on our 
sustainability journey. 2015 has been a great 
example of how we work in partnership to 
deliver on our ambitions.
2015 marked the 10th year of our partnership 
with Addaction, the UK’s largest alcohol 
addiction charity. People often ask, how can  
an alcohol company work so well with a charity 
that’s dealing with alcohol harm? But great 
businesses shouldn’t shy away from difficult 
conversations, and our long-standing 
partnership shows what can be achieved  
when they don’t. It’s gone from strength  
to strength over the last 10 years and has 
brought about real change. I was particularly 
proud of how our colleagues continued to 
respond to our Act for Addaction campaign  
in 2015. Their enthusiasm for our partnership 
saw us collectively volunteer 1,940 hours and 
fundraise £336,000 to help the service users  
we support over the past two years.
Our ‘moderation movement’ also gained 
momentum in 2015. We aired the third in a 
series of responsible drinking ads, ‘Moderate 
Drinkers Wanted’, which reached around 
6.3 million consumers.
To help UK barley farming become more 
sustainable, we’re working with our barley 
suppliers on an exciting initiative, Profiting from 
Sustainability. It’s ground-breaking because  
it brings together not only the actors in our 
supply chain – but other major businesses  
and their suppliers too, working together  
to create a sustainable food system. 
We’re enlisting the help of our colleagues to 
make health and safety HEINEKEN’s number 
one priority. 2015 was a disappointing year  
for our safety record with 11 accidents.  
We clearly have more work to do, but I’m 
confident we can get back on track. We’ve 
developed 12 Life Saving Rules which we’ll  
be rolling out in 2016, along with a safety 
awareness campaign. And importantly, I know 
everyone in the business is fully on board with 
our mission to create a culture where safe 
behaviours are lived day in day out.
By working with colleagues, suppliers and 
charities – and all those involved with our 
business – we’re able to have a lasting positive 
impact. In 2016, we’ll further invest in the  
strong partnerships we’ve fostered. We’ll 
respond to our partners’ guidance on how  
we can better support the communities where 
we work, promote alcohol moderation and 
continue to reduce our environmental impacts 
across our supply chain. 
 
David Forde
Managing Director, HEINEKEN UK
8 August 2016
A Word from David 
David Forde, Managing Director
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
2

Page 3:
Our Values 
Our values represent what we stand for as a business and employer. They inspire us and are brought to life by our colleagues at every level and function.
Our UK business 
Brands and pubs  
that people love Enjoyment of life Respect for people  
and planet
h 
perfect cider & beer experiences.  
Quality
Our passion for quality is at the heart 
of everything we do. 
Tadcaster Herefordshire
London Star Pubs & Bars
Livingston EdinburghC aledonian Brewery
Manchester
h 
perfect cider & beer experiences.  
Quality
Our passion for quality is at the heart 
of everything we do. 
Tadcaster Herefordshire
London Star Pubs & Bars
Livingston EdinburghC aledonian Brewery
Manchester
Passion for quality   
Our Locations
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
3

Page 4:
BREWING
A BETTER
WORLD
PROTECTING WATER RESOURCES
REDUCING CO
2 EMISSIONS
SOURCING SUSTAINABLY
ADVOCATING RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION
PROM
OTING HEALTH AND SAFETY
GROW
ING W
ITH COMMUNITIES
Our focus areas
Our six business priorities
1. Win in premium led by Heineken®
2. Shape the cider category
3. Lead by cool marketing & innovation
4. Be commercially assertive
5. Drive end2end productivity
6. Brewing a Better World
REDUCING
CO2 EMISSIONS
SOURCING
SUSTAINABLY
ADVOCATING
RESPONSIBLE
CONSUMPTION
PROMOTING
HEALTH AND
SAFETY
GROWING WITH
COMMUNITIES
VALUES AND
BEHAVIOURS
AGRICULTURE
FOCUS AREAS
MALTING BREWING PACKAGING DISTRIBUTION CONSUMERCUSTOMER
PROTECTING
WATER
RESOURCES
  
  
Our focus areas
We focus on the six areas that are most important to our business  
and stakeholders and where we can make the biggest difference.  
Our approach to sustainability covers the entire value chain, from  
Barley to Bar. 
  
B i o d i v er s i t y
Di v er s i t y
L ab o u r  Cond i t i o n s
H u ma n Rig h t s
S u s t a i nab l e S o u r c i n g
R e s p o n s i b l e C o n s u m p t i o n
W a t er
E n er g y &  C a rb o n
E c on om i c 
I m p a c t  & T a x
C i r c u lar
E c on om y *
C o m mun i t y  I n v e s tmen t
Bu s i n e s s  C ond u c t
H e al th  & S a f e t yG e n e  T e c h nol o gy
R e mun e r at i o n
I m p o r t anc e  t o  st a k e h o lde rs
H i g h
L o w
C u r r e n t  o r  p o t e n t i a l  i m p a c t  o n  H E I N E K E N
H i g hL o w
Focus Area G lobal Policy/Standard Locally Man aged N ew
Our most important issues
In 2015 we updated our materiality matrix based on an ongoing 
dialogue with our stakeholders, reputation research, benchmark results 
and internal risk analysis. The top three clusters mentioned were: 
1. Environment (climate change, environmental protection, water, 
waste, energy)
2. Public health (responsible consumption, obesity)
3. Economic conditions (growth, competitiveness, unemployment, 
income)
Brewing a Better World
Sustainability at HEINEKEN  
is one of our six business 
priorities. Brewing a Better 
World is designed to create 
economic opportunities for 
both our business and our 
stakeholders.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
4

Page 5:
A G R I C U L T U R E
E MPL O Y EES
D I S TRIBUT ION CUS T OME RS
P A C K A G I N G
C OMMUNI T Y
C ONS UME RS
B REW I N G
Brewing beer and making cider is a craft. We own 11 malteries across the world 
and buy malted barley from business partners who have all signed our Supplier Code. 
We also operate 156 breweries, cider plants and other production facilities. Strict 
safety standards are adhered to. We invest in capacity expansion and build greenﬁeld 
breweries, respecting all land rights. We are committed to improving energy and water 
eﬃciency and switching to more environmentally friendly energy sources where feasible.
The majority of our beer and cider is served in bottles, 
cans and kegs. We are constantly looking to innovate, 
ﬁnding ways to optimise the production of our 
packaging materials, such as light-weighting and 
increasing the recycling and re-use rate.
The movement of our products around the globe is carefully managed. 
Several modes of transport are used, including road, rail and ocean freight 
as well as inland barges. Health and safety policies are in place to reduce 
the incidence of accidents. We optimise the distribution by changing the 
form of transport, training drivers on road safety, using more eﬃcient 
engines, improved vehicle design and reassessment of distribution networks.
Millions of retailers, bars, restaurants and clubs serve 
a selection of our brands. New fridges purchased by 
HEINEKEN meet green standards and we continue 
to develop greener draught brewing equipment. 
We work in partnership to ensure our products 
are only sold to consumers of legal drinking age.
Growing with communities underlines our ambition to have a positive impact in the 
communities where we live, work and sell our products. Our support is based on three building 
blocks: direct contributions made locally, shared-value projects, and on the African continent 
the Heineken Africa Foundation. The biggest contribution we make to communities is through 
the positive impact of our business itself: creating jobs, providing business to suppliers and 
paying taxes that support local and national development.
Every day, millions of consumers in 179 countries choose to 
enjoy one of our more than 250 brands. We provide choice 
through our premium portfolio approach. Innovations, 
especially in the low- and no-alcohol categories, are meeting 
changing consumer tastes. Across the world we engage 
consumers on responsible drinking, most notably with the 
Heineken ®  brand campaigns.  
HEINEKEN employs more than 81,000 people. They enjoy the beneﬁts and rewards – 
pay, training, healthcare, career opportunities – their hard work deserves. The HEINEKEN 
Employees’ and Human Rights Policy supports and guides us all to act according to our core 
values. And our global Code of Conduct provides guidance so that every employee knows 
what is expected of them. The annual employee ‘Climate’ survey tracks engagement levels 
and action is required on dimensions that fall short.
We work with farmers worldwide to 
sustainably grow raw materials, like barley 
and hops, needed to brew our beers. In 
addition, we use bittersweet apples for cider 
making. Local sourcing is a priority because 
of the shared value it creates for the local 
communities, the country and for HEINEKEN. 
MAL T ING
H E I N E K EN I n p u t s
F inancial
Shareholders’ equity, Capex, assets 
and borrowing 
 
 
Natur a l
Land, water, energy, biodiversity and ecosystem
 
 
Human
Employees, training and beneﬁts, safety and 
Code of Conduct
 
Manuf a c tur e d
Buildings, breweries, packaging materials, 
transport, equipment and supply chain
 
 
Social
Communities, NGOs, customers, suppliers and 
trade groups
 
Intellec tual
Brands, R&D, innovation, processes and 
corporate reputation 
 
H E I N E K E N Ou t p u t s
Financial
€20.5 billion revenue 
€822 million income tax expense (beia) 
27.8% eﬀective income tax rate (beia) 
Total dividend of €1.30 per share (to be approved at 
2016 AGM)
Natural
Sustainably sourced raw materials:
21% barley, 53% hops and 71% bittersweet apples
21% renewable electricity under green certiﬁcates 
2% own-generated renewable electricity 
3.8% renewable thermal energy used 
Human
Over 1.5 million training hours completed by employees
50,000 employees completed HeiCode e-learning training 
2,000+ employees completed Road safety training 
6,000+ employees completed Anti-bribery e-learning module 
53 nationalities represented in senior management 
77% employee ‘Climate’ engagement score 
Manufactured
167 breweries, malteries, cider plants and other 
production facilities 
26% water reduction since 2008 
24% energy reduction since 2008
115,000+ green fridges purchased in 2015 with 
45% average energy saving compared with 2010
Social
€23.6 million donations
€10 million increase in endowment fund Heineken 
Africa Foundation to €30 million in total in 2016 
9.7% media spend on Enjoy Heineken ®  Responsibly
50 operating companies have a partnership
to address alcohol-related harm
• Participation in Global Commitment to reduce
   alcohol-related harm
• Direct and indirect job creation
• Healthcare support
Intellectual
4.15 (out of 5) reputation rating across 30 countries
and 3,000 external stakeholders
250+ brands
€1.9bn revenue from innovations
From Barley to Bar – a global overview
We pursue an increasingly holistic approach to sustainability. Our strategy focuses 
on the entire value chain ‘From Barley to Bar’. This value chain includes many forms 
of capital, from the vital natural resources needed to make our products, through  
to financial capital from the sale of our products. We continuously consider  
the sustainability of each step with respect to our key focus areas. 
This overview was first published in the 2015 
Annual Report. It has been updated to include 
final, assured non-financial data.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
6

Page 6:
What we said and what we’ve done
1 Baseline 2008. 2 Twenty-three production units. 3 Baseline 2010/2011, scope is Europe and Americas, 24 of our largest operations: Belgium, Bulgaria, France, Ireland, 
Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, UK, Austria, Belarus, Croatia, Czech Republic, Greece, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Brazil, Mexico, 
USA. Scope represents 80% of volumes traded. HEINEKEN Asia Pacific is not in scope of the 2015 commitment as the business was not consolidated at the time the 
commitment was made. 4 Baseline 2010.
Focus Area Global 2015 
commitments 
What we’ve done globally 
in 2015
What we’ve done in the 
UK in 2015
Progress 
indicator
Global 2020 
commitment 
Reduce specific water 
consumption in our 
breweries to 3.9 hl/hl1
Achieved
Reduced to 3.7 hl/hl  
(-26% vs 2008)
Achieved
Reduced water use to 
3.4hl/hl (-19% vs 2008)
In 2014 we raised  
our ambition for 2020 
to 3.5 hl/hl1 overall,  
and 3.3 hl/hl on 
average for breweries 
in water-scarce and  
water-distressed areas
100% of our production 
units2 in water-scarce and 
water- distressed areas 
will have a Source Water 
Protection Plan
Partly achieved
Twenty of 23 production 
units in scope have a Source 
Water Protection Plan 
(representing 99% of total 
production volume of units 
in scope) 
NA Aim for significant 
water compensation/
balancing by our 
production units  
in water-scarce and 
water-distressed areas
Reduce CO2 emissions in 
production by 27%1 
(resulting in 7.6 kg 
CO2-eq/hl)
Achieved
36% reduction compared 
with 2008, resulting in  
6.7 kg CO2-eq/hl in 2015
Achieved
Reduced by 17% vs 
2014 and 41% vs 2008 
(i.e 5.9kg CO2-eq/hl in 
2015). 
Reduce CO2 emissions 
in production by 40%1
Reduce the CO2 emissions 
from distribution by 10%3 
in Europe and the 
Americas 
Not achieved
Increased by 1.7%. Mainly 
due to production footprint 
in Mexico, our biggest 
market. In Europe, we 
reduced emissions by 9.8%
Not achieved
Reduced by 0.6% vs 
2011
Reduce the CO2 
emissions from 
distribution by  
20% in Europe  
and the Americas 
Reduce the CO2 emissions 
of our fridges by 42%4
Achieved
Reduced CO2 emissions by 
45% vs 2010. 100% of over 
115,000 fridges purchased 
were ‘green’.
Achieved
100% of fridges 
purchased were ‘green’ 
Reduce the CO2 
emissions of our  
fridges by 50%4
  Achieved  On track  Partly achieved  Not achieved
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
7

Page 7:
1 Based on volume. 2 In scope are barley, hops, cider apples, fruit concentrates, sugar, rice, sorghum, wheat, maize. 3 Based upon tonnage. 4 With local sourcing we refer to 
sourcing within the region of Africa & Middle East. 5 With local sourcing we refer to sourcing within the region of Africa & Middle East. 6 HEINEKEN Asia Pacific is not in 
scope of the 2015 commitment as the business was not consolidated at the time the commitment was made. They are in the process of becoming compliant in the 
coming years. 7 Investments dedicated to responsible consumption messaging with regards to Heineken® brand communication. This includes the ‘Dance More Drink 
Slow’ and ‘Sunrise’ campaign, UEFA® Champions League-specific responsible consumption boarding and other specific activations at festivals and events. 8 Market 
scope, covering in total at least 50% of Heineken® global volume. We focus our efforts on the larger markets where we can make the biggest impact; out of scope are 
those markets where we are unable to run our responsible consumption campaign due to local (legal and religious) restrictions on alcohol advertising. 9 The 50 operating 
companies, which cover 48 markets, include all HEINEKEN markets except Islamic countries, markets where we have a Joint Venture and three minimal-volume markets 
for who allocating resource is unrealistic (Laos, Solomon Islands and Sri Lanka).
What we said and what we’ve done
Focus Area Global 2015 
commitments 
What we’ve done globally 
in 2015
What we’ve done in the 
UK in 2015
Progress 
indicator
Global 2020 
commitment 
Aim for sustainable 
sourcing of raw materials 
for crop year 2015:  
20% (barley), 40% (hops), 
60% (bittersweet apples  
for cider)1
Achieved
In 2015 we sourced 
sustainably:
• barley: 21%
• hops: 53%
• apples: 71%
Achieved
Sustainably sourced: 
barley: 100% 
apples: 73% 
Aim for at least 50%  
of our main raw 
materials2 from 
sustainable sources 
50%3 of agricultural raw 
materials used in Africa 
to be locally sourced4 
within the continent
Partly achieved
An estimated 49% were 
sourced locally – up from 
48% in 2014 
NA Deliver 60% of 
agricultural raw 
materials in Africa via 
local sourcing within  
the continent 
Four-step Supplier Code 
Procedure operational 
within all operating 
companies6
Partly achieved
Operational in 46 out of 50 
companies in scope 
(representing 99% of in 
scope sales volume)
Achieved
In place and 100% of 
suppliers complied
Ongoing compliance  
with our Supplier Code 
Procedure 
We commit to invest a 
minimum of 10% of our 
media spend7 for Heineken® 
in supporting our dedicated 
responsible consumption 
campaign in at least 50%  
of our market volume8
Partly achieved
9.7% of total media spend 
in our main markets, 
representing 51% of the 
Heineken® global volume
NA – Heineken continued 
to promote responsible 
drinking through its 
sponsorship of the Rugby 
World Cup, with responsible 
drinking messages included  
at rugby stadiums across 
thecountry and on 
television advertising
Make responsible 
consumption 
aspirational through 
Heineken® 
Every market in scope9 
has a partnership to 
address alcohol-related 
harm
Achieved
Fifty operating companies, 
across 48 markets, have  
a partnership in place to 
address alcohol-related harm 
Achieved  
Partnered with alcohol 
addiction charity 
Addaction to tackle 
alcohol harm since 2005
Every market in scope 
has and reports publicly 
on a measurable 
partnership aimed  
at addressing  
alcohol abuse 
All partnerships meet 
HEINEKEN’s seven-point 
partnership criteria
Partly achieved
56% have met all our 
partnership criteria 
representing 72% of the 
beer volume in scope
Achieved  
Partnership with 
Addaction meets criteria 
Contribute to the five 
industry commitments and 
related KPI’s, as defined 
through the International 
Alliance for Responsible 
Drinking (IARD)
On track
September 2015, the signatory 
companies published a second 
Commitments Progress Report 
outlining our actions to date
NA NA
  Achieved  On track  Partly achieved  Not achieved
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
8

Page 8:
In 2016, I’ll be taking on the role of Corporate Relations Director for HEINEKEN UK. Thinking about what’s next has naturally made me reflect on the 
past – and what the UK businesses has achieved. 2015 was a stand-out year in my mind. In the spirit of our HEINEKEN behaviour to ‘keep it simple’,  
I’ll do just that! Here are my top highlights of 2015:
David Paterson, Corporate Relations Director, HEINEKEN UK
David’s 2015 best bits  
Launching the third in a series 
of ground-breaking responsible 
drinking ads by the Heineken® 
brand, Moderate Drinkers Wanted, 
which reached 6.5 million people, 
helping make moderate drinking 
cool. Watch it here. 
Brewing 20 million pints using 
solar energy at our Tadcaster 
Brewery in Yorkshire – the UK’s 
largest solar brewery (and no jokes 
about solar in Yorkshire please!). 
Bringing the magic of orchards 
to another 40 local communities 
across the UK. Through Helping 
Britain Blossom, we’re on track to 
create or restore over 100 
community orchards in urban 
areas – bringing people together 
to enjoy their fruits and spend time 
with friends and family.
Investing around £30 million 
into our pub estate, Star Pubs 
and Bars. Our year on year 
investment is transforming 
run-down pubs into thriving 
businesses and supporting our 
licensees to restore them as hubs 
for local communities to enjoy. 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
9

Page 9:
✔
Conversations 
with over 60 key 
stakeholders 
90% 
said they trust 
HEINEKEN 
Sharing our experience
We took an active role in roundtables and 
panel discussions to share our experience 
and hear from others. These included: 
• Third Sector’s Big Donnor Summit, April
• Brewing a Better World Conference, 
June 
• Strategic Win-Win Corporate Charity 
Partnerships, October
• Communicate:  
Challenging  
Partnerships,  
November
Our stakeholders told us
• Challenging economic conditions are  
a top concern. We should continue to 
enhance our employees’ skills and create 
new jobs to contribute to growth. 
• Public health, in terms of sugar and 
obesity, are key emerging issues that 
need a long-term strategy.
• We’re leading the industry in promoting 
responsible consumption – but could 
go further to expand our portfolio of 
low and no alcohol products. 
• Good progress on reducing our carbon 
footprint. We need to do more on 
reducing water use in our supply chain.
• Investing in pubs  
through Star Pubs and  
Bars is helping  
safeguard the  
community pub and  
expanding job 
opportunities.   
We maintain ongoing dialogue with our 
stakeholders, and each year, we engage with 
them formally to have detailed discussion on 
how we’re doing and how we could improve.  
In 2015 we: 
1. Conducted around 60 interviews (phone 
and online) – with our key stakeholders, 
including sustainability, media, government 
and customers. This was part of global 
research in which HEINEKEN interviewed 
more than 2,400 stakeholders in 30 markets. 
2. Held a Brewing a Better World conference 
– with around 50 stakeholders to get detailed 
insight on some of our key issues such as 
sustainable sourcing, dealing with alcohol 
harm and community investment. 
Listening and responding to our stakeholders 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
10

Page 10:
Protecting water  
resources
For more on water priorities and why this is 
important, see our website.
The Big Picture 
Water is vital to our business. It’s essential to grow the quality 
hops, barley and apples that we rely on to make our beers  
and ciders, and of course, beer is 95% water so no water  
means no beer! 
Water scarcity is now a major global issue. Around 800 million 
people can’t get clean drinking water. Most of these people live 
in areas of water scarcity in Africa and Asia, but we also have a 
responsibility in the UK to protect water resources.
Beer is 95% water, so  
no water means no beer!
95%
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
11

Page 11:
3.8
2015 3.4
3.62014
3.62013
3.82012
2011
4.02010
4.42009
2008 4.3
19%
Decrease in water use / hl 
compared with 2008
average water use
3.4 hl/hl
Brewing beer uses a lot of water,  
so we’re working hard to find new, 
more efficient ways of doing it. Our 
multi-million pound investment into 
our sites has allowed us to install 
more water efficient equipment – 
and importantly, we’re also making 
our existing equipment more 
efficient, and finding new ways of 
doing things, that cut water use. It’s 
clearly paying off. Our water use is 
down to 3.4hl/hl – that’s a reduction 
of 19% since 2008. Looking ahead, 
we’ll continue to focus on producing 
even more beer with less water. 
Jochen van Esch,  
Brewery and Operations Director, UK
How we’re responding
Our operations 
Since 2014 we’ve invested over £100 million into 
improving the efficiency and capacity of our 
brewery in Manchester and ciderie in Hereford. 
This year, we began to see the impact of our 
investment as we reduced our water use by  
5% compared to 2014, down from 3.6 hl/hl to  
3.4hl/hl. Compared to 2008, we’re using 19% 
less water to make one hl of beer. This meant we 
exceeded our global target of 3.5hl/hl by 2020. 
As part of this investment we focused on installing 
modern, water efficient equipment. For example, 
at Hereford we installed a new pasteuriser that 
uses around 1 million less litres of water a year, 
while giving us flexibility for faster and more 
efficient processing. 
1 Hecolitre of water to make one hectolitre of beer (hl/hl). 
2 Compared to existing pasteuriser.
3Water Footprint Network, Product Gallery.
2015 progress 
Specific water consumption
hl/hl beer + cider + soft drinks + water
3.4
Across all our breweries we worked to improve 
the efficiency of our existing machinery. At our 
John Smith’s brewery in Tadcaster we installed  
a control system on our bottling pasteuriser 
which saved over 1.1 million litres of water in 
2015. We also installed new water metering on 
our main machinery. This sends accurate data 
on water use every ten minutes to a centralised 
system, so any unexpectedly high use can be 
identified and corrected.
More beer for less water 
As we become more water efficient, we can 
increase our production while maintaining or 
reducing our water use. For example, in 2015, 
our Tadcaster brewery produced 50,000 hl  
more beer, but using 30,000 hl less water than  
it did the previous year. 
Do you know how much water it takes to make your favorite drinks?3
Product
Water footprint  
(global average)
108 litres of water  
per litre of tea
298 litres of water  
per litre of beer
870 litres of water  
per litre of wine
1,020 litres of water  
per litre of milk
1,056 litres of water  
per litre of coffee
% footprint via rainfall 82% 85% 70% 85% 96%
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
12

Page 12:
75%
SmartDispense can 
cut pubs’ water use by
SmartDispense pints of water saved
25 million
We’ve driven real change in the UK 
draught beer and cider market. 
Compared to traditional draught 
cooling systems, SmartDispense 
uses 75% less water, 20% less 
energy and reduces chemical use  
in cleaning. But importantly it’s  
a commercial product so we can 
deliver major environmental 
benefits while supporting  
business growth. 
Simon Gray,  
Draught Dispense Development Controller
Manchester
Amsterdam
Case study:
Innovative beer dispenser saves 25 million pints of water
Put all the water SmartDispense has saved 
into Foster’s glasses and you could line  
them up from our Manchester brewery  
to Amsterdam! 
Our SmartDispense technology has 
revolutonised the way draught beer and cider 
is stored and served. It’s a self-contained, 
highly-efficient cooling and dispense unit that 
reduces the need for cellar cooling, and the 
frequency of cleaning which:
• Reduces water use by around 75%* 
• Reduces energy use in excess of 20%* 
• Reduces chemical use in cleaning 
• Cuts beer waste and improves the quality 
of the product for consumers
• Saves the average pub thousands of 
pounds a year** 
*compared to traditional beer dispense systems
** Based on reduced energy use and waste.  
Savings vary depending on size of pub
Helping our customers use  
less water
Beyond our own operations, we’re helping  
our customers reduce their water use. We’ve 
invested over £5 million and six years of 
research to develop a first-of-its kind, draught 
beer dispense system, SmartDispense, that 
reduces the water, energy and waste 
associated with dispensing beer. 
Since 2013, it has saved pubs, restaurants and 
hotels around 14 million litres of water – that’s 
about 25 million pints. 
 
Find out how SmartDispense could save your 
business water, time and money.
SmartDispense was  
recognised as environmental 
innovation of the year at  
Edie’s Energy and  
Environment Awards 2016. 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
13

Page 13:
Committed to reducing CO2 
emissions across our value chain 
EMPLOYEESAGRICULTURE
BREWINGPACKAGING
DISTRIBUTION
CUSTOMERS
Reducing CO2  
emissions
For more on our CO2 priorities and why this  
is important, see our website and case studies.
The Big Picture 
Climate change is one of the biggest global issues of the 21st 
century. It’s causing sea levels to rise and more unpredictable 
and extreme weather events such as floods and droughts.  
But it’s not just an environmental problem. Unpredictable 
weather has a big impact on farming and the availability  
of raw materials, such as the barley and apples that we  
rely on to make our beers and ciders.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
14

Page 14:
P a c k a g i n g m a t e r i a l s
D i s t r i b u t i o n
C o o lin g
A g r i c u l t u r e
Mal t i n g  and  a d j u n c t s
B e v e r a g e p r o d u c t i o n
3.9%
8.9%
23.7%
7%
23.7%
8%
74.3
( k g  C O - e / h l )2
 
Area 
2012 Baseline 
(kg CO2-e/hl)
2015 
(kg CO2-e/hl)
Change 
(kg CO2-e/hl)
Agriculture 10.8 8.9 -1.9 
Malting & adjuncts 8.3 3.9 -4.4 
Beverage production 10.7 8.0 -2.7
Packaging material production 20.8 23.7 +3.0 
Distribution 7.0 6.0 -1 
Cooling 20.9 23.7 +2.9 
Total 75.3 74.3 -1 
74 kg
CO 2 -e/hl74 kg  CO 2 -e/hl  
HEINEKEN UK’s carbon footprint isReduced GHG emissions 
 vs 2014
by 17%
2014
2016
For a more detailed breakdown of  
our carbon footprint, see our website.
HEINEKEN UK’s Carbon 
Footprint
In 2015, we mapped our carbon 
impacts from barley to bar. Results 
show our estimated carbon footprint 
decreased by 1% to 74kg CO2e/hl, 
compared to 2012 (when we 
previously conducted this analysis). 
This was mainly because emissions 
associated with brewing were 
substantially lower. But it also shows 
there is more work to do to lower 
emissions in our supply chain. Using 
this analysis, we’re able to focus our 
improvement programmes on the 
areas of our business that have the 
biggest carbon impact. 
To reduce our impact on climate change, we 
have committed to cut CO2 emissions across 
our value chain by around 40%. To do this 
we focus on reducing emissions in:
• Production: by installing energy 
efficient technology and using 
renewable energy 
• Distribution: by efficiently 
transportating our products  
to our customers
• Refrigeration:  by buying and supplying 
energy-efficient fridges to our customers 
through our green fridges programme.
How we’re responding
Manchester achieved the biggest energy reduction of any HEINEKEN brewery 
globally in 2015 – using 27% less energy than it did last year. With over £50 
million invested into the site since 2014, we’ve been able to optimise the 
efficiency of the existing utilities equipment and introduce new, energy efficient 
technology – such as a modern keg line & mash filters – that are helping us 
deliver these impressive results. As the Maintenance Manager here, I’m really 
proud of what my team has achieved. But it doesn’t stop here. These changes 
are part of a long-term continuous improvement programme that’s helping our 
business become a modern, efficient and sustainable brewer of the future. 
Ian Bromley, Maintenance Manager, Manchester Brewery
(Left to right) Ian Bromley, Yutika Patel, Dave Snazell and Ian Saunders
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
15

Page 15:
In 2015, we reduced our total greenhouse gas 
emissions by 17% to 5.9kg CO2eq/hl, compared  
to 2014. That’s a decrease of 41% since 2008 and 
means we’ve achieved our 2020 commitment.  
Our total energy use was down 11% to 82.9MJ/hl. 
Specifically, electricity use decreased by 8% and 
thermal energy use was reduced by 12%, compared 
to last year. 
27% 
Energy use at 
Manchester down 11% 
reduction
in energy use vs 2014
How we did in 2015
2015 5.9
2014 7.1
2013 7.2
2012 9.7
2011 9.8
2010 10.8
2009 9.6
2008 10
Greenhouse gas emissions in production
kg CO2-e/hl beer + cider + soft drinks + water 
5.9 kg CO2-e/hl
Electricity use 2015
kWh/hl beer + cider + soft drinks + water 
2015 6.4
2014 7
2013 7.8
2012 8.1
2011 8.4
2010 8.9
2009 8.9
2008 8.1
6.4 kWh/hl
Thermal energy use 2015 
Mj/hl beer + cider + soft drinks + water 
2015 59.7
2014 67.7
2013 69.8
2012 76.8
2011 76.6
2010 83.8
2009 78.6
2008 79.8
59.7 MJ/hl
Reducing emissions at our sites 
We’ve been able to deliver consistent reductions 
in energy use and emissions by upgrading our 
brewing equipment and investing in new, energy 
efficient technology – mainly as part of a £100m 
improvement programme at our Manchester 
and Hereford sites. 
Our Manchester brewery is HEINEKEN’s top 
performing brewery globally, based on the  
27% energy reduction it achieved since 2014.
Examples of how we’re reducing energy use 
across our sites include:
• Hereford  – invested £55m into a new, 
efficient bottling line and cider  
processing plant 
• Manchester – optimized a carbon dioxide 
recovery system that captures previously 
wasted CO2, produced during fermentation, 
and uses it to carbonate our products 
• Tadcaster – introduced a fleet of five 
zero-emissions electric fork lift trucks, which 
we plan to introduce at further sites in 2016
 1 . MANCHESTER
 United Kingdom  -27%
 2 . IJEBU ODE
 Nigeria -19%
 3 . A R A R A Q U A R A
 B r a z i l -17%
 4 . T I EN  G I A NG
 Vi e tna m -17%
 5 . DANANG CITY
 Vi e tna m -16%
 1 . BRNO
 Czech Republic 61.2
 2 . D A N A NG  C I T Y
 Vi e tna m 64.7
 3 . HO CHI MINH CITY
 Vi e tna m 65.6
 4 . TARGU MURES
 Romania 68.2
 5 . ELBLAG
 Poland 68.4
T o p 5 p e r f o r m i n g b r e w e r i e s b a s e d o n 
 
p e r f o r m anc e total energy use in MJ/hl
T op  5 p er f orm i n g br e w er i e s b a se d o n  
total energy r e d u c t i o n per hl i n  %
Top 5 performing breweries
Our Operations 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
16

Page 16:
1,500 tonnes
 less glass by light weighting our bottlesbrewed using solar energy
at Tadcaster 
20 million pints
Investing in renewable energy
In 2015, around 22% of our energy came from 
renewable sources (see chart). At our sites, we 
focus on generating solar energy and biogas  
to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels. 
Our John Smith’s brewery in Tadcaster, for 
example, has around 4,000 solar panels on its  
roof, making it the largest solar brewery in the  
UK. In 2015, we produced around 20 million 
pints using this solar energy. In total, almost  
10% of Tadcaster’s energy comes from 
renewable sources (solar and biogas) – saving 
the business around £150,000 each year. 
We also have anaerobic digestion (AD) plants  
at our Manchester and Tadcaster breweries 
which generate biogas from waste, which is 
turned into electricity. In 2015, we improved  
the controls software of Manchester’s AD plant, 
allowing us to capture and reuse 85% of the 
biogas it produced and helping us reduce our 
reliance on natural gas by around 10%.
Electricity mix 2015
for Beverage production
 Own renewable production 3%
 Imported renewable (green certificates) 19%
 Country electricity mix (part renewable) 6%
 Own non-renewable production 1%
 Country electricity mix (part non-renewable) 71%
Reducing, reusing and recycling waste 
We’re committed to reducing waste in our 
operations and focus on reusing and recycling  
it where possible. The main waste products from 
the brewing process are spent grains (73%) and 
surplus yeast (10%), and materials like glass 
(4%), cardboard, aluminium, plastic and paper.
Currently, 99% of waste from the brewing 
process is recycled into feed, compost, energy  
or other materials. Brewer’s grains and yeast,  
for example, have a high nutritional value and 
are recycled for animal or human consumption 
(as yeast extract). And around 19% is used to 
generate biogas, which is turned into electricity 
and used to power our sites.
Packaging waste 
As signatories of WRAP’s Courtauld Commitment 3, 
in 2015 we continued working with the waste 
charity, WRAP, to understand our packaging 
waste streams and look for new ways to reduce 
them. Since 2014, we’ve reduced packaging 
waste by 6% – a 16% reduction since 2012.  
Plastic was where we made the biggest savings, 
with 73% less plastic waste than in 2012. 
Where does our waste go?
 Animal feed  50%
 Compost / soil improvement  23%
 Energy (biogas)  19%
 Yeast for food production  5%
 Materials 2%
 Landfill or unknown <1%
Lighter packing, fewer emissions
We’re also redesigning our packaging and 
making it lighter, so it uses less resources to 
produce and needs less fuel to transport it.  
In 2015, we reduced the amount of glass in  
our Foster’s Gold and Radler by around 25g per 
bottle, – which we expect to save saving around 
500 tonnes of glass a year. And Old Mout cider 
bottles now use 4g less glass per bottle, saving 
over 1,000 tonnes of glass a year. 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
17

Page 17:
fridges comply with
Green Fridge policy
100% 
Green fridges will save customers around
in 2016
£12 million 
HEINEKEN buys and supplies fridges to customers 
that cool our beers and ciders in bars and 
restaurants. The energy used to keep these 
products cool accounts for one-third of our 
carbon footprint, so making sure they’re as ‘green’ 
as possible is priority for the business globally. 
In 2015, we continued replacing conventional 
cooling systems with energy-efficient models.  
All the fridges we sold complied with our Global 
Fridge policy, meaning they perform to a certain 
level on HEINEKEN’s energy efficiency index and 
have at least four ‘green’ characteristics. The 
average energy use of these newer models was 
45% less compared with 2010, meaning we’re  
on track for our 50% reduction target by 2020. 
Saving energy doesn’t just reduce our emissions,  
it also means our customers incur less costs in 
their businesses. We estimate that globally,  
our green fridges will save customers around 
£12 million on their electricity bills in 2016.
Low-energy refrigeration 
Efficient distribution
In 2015, we continued to look for ways to reduce 
emissions associated with transporting our 
products, but it remains a challenge. We reduced 
carbon emissions by 0.6 % to 2.7tCO2e/hl (that’s 
42,765 tonnes CO2 in absolute terms) – so we’re 
making progress. However it means we’re off track 
to hit our 20% reduction target by 2020. 
We’re working hard to improve our performance. 
For example, exporting Newcastle Brown Ale to  
the US accounts for a significant proportion of 
these emissions, so doing this more efficiently  
was a focus in 2015. By simply packing each sea 
container more tightly we’ve reduced our 
emissions by 330 tonnes a year (see case study). 
Case study:
A little change makes a big difference
HEINEKEN UK sends millions of cases of Newcastle Brown Ale to the USA each 
year. All this beer travelling over 5,200 miles has a big carbon footprint and cost. 
In 2015, we explored new ways to pack each sea container used to ship it over 
and found a little change could make a big difference. By fitting just one extra 
pallet in each, we could deliver our beer using 213 fewer containers – saving the 
business thousands of pounds and cutting our CO2 emissions by 330 tonnes.
1 extra pallet =  
213 fewer containers and 330 tonnes less CO2 a year
1 per hector litre of beer produced.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
18

Page 18:
We use 30% of all apples 
produced in the UK to make 
our ciders.
Sourcing sustainably
For more on our sustainable sourcing  
priorities and why this is important,  
see our website.
One of our orchards in Herefordshire during harvest.
The Big Picture
A sustainable agricultural industry is vital to the success of our business 
and we’re a big supporter of British farming. All the barley we use to 
brew our UK beers comes from UK farms. We also use around 30%  
of all the apples produced in the UK to make our ciders. 
We know we can never take a good supply of quality barley and apples 
for granted. Our weather is becoming increasingly unpredictable and 
raw materials more scare or expensive. By helping to secure barley and 
apple production now, we’re making sure that both our business and 
rural communities can prosper in the future.
 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
19

Page 19:
Our cider apples come from 
10,000 of our cider apples 
are sourced from 
sustainable farms
73%
acres of UK 
orchards
How we’re responding
We focus on sourcing locally and sustainably  
to improve the quality of life for farming 
communities, enhance the environment  
and secure our barley and apple supply. 
Sustainable apples for our cider 
We source our cider apples from around 180 
farmers and 10,000 acres of orchards, mainly  
in Herefordshire.  
To help promote more sustainable apple 
production we encourage all our apple farmers 
to become members of the HEINEKEN 
Sustainable Cider Apple Scheme. Around 62%  
of our largest grower are now members. And  
in 2015 we sourced 73% of cider apples from 
sustainable farms, exceeding our target of 60%.
To join the Scheme, farmers must demonstrate 
compliance a code of practice developed in-line 
with the Sustainable Agriculture Initiative’s 
principles. This makes sure they are using best 
practice farming approaches on a range of 
topics – from harvesting to disposal of waste  
to health and safety. We then provide ongoing 
advice to help our producers adopt more 
sustainable practices. 
To check compliance, we carry out internal  
and external audits and develop improvement 
plans as needed.
I was one of the pilot growers who 
helped develop the HEINEKEN 
scheme in 2014, before it was 
introduced to a larger number of 
growers in 2015. It’s easy to complete 
the checklist and a good reminder  
of what is required to be sustainable. 
We appreciate that in the future the 
bar will be raised, and look forward  
to working with HEINEKEN in 
developing standards which are 
relevant to cider apple growers.  
Bruce Starkey, Cider Apple Grower, 
Worcestershire.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
20

Page 20:
of UK barley
is Red Tractor
certiﬁed
150 UK farmers
Sharing best practice with
100%
Promoting sustainable barley
All the barley used in our UK brewed beer is 
grown in the UK. In 2015 we sourced 100% 
from sustainable sources that were certified  
to the food and farm assurance standard,  
Red Tractor. 
To help make farming more sustainable at 
scale we’ve partnered with other food and 
drinks companies, research institutions and 
suppliers to help 150 farmers in Yorkshire 
adopt farming approaches that lower 
pesticide use and carbon emissions, and 
improve biodiversity and crop yields.  
High supplier standards
We make sure all our UK suppliers meet our high 
standards by requiring them to sign our global 
Supplier Code before we will work with them. 
This confirms they meet our standards on issues 
such as: health and safety, working conditions, 
business ethics, environmental management 
and performance and guidance regarding 
sub-contracting. 
Case study:
More barley with less pesticides and carbon emissions 
HEINEKEN UK uses around 115,000 tonnes of British malted barley  
a year. That’s enough to fill 6,000 lorries! 
This golden grain is essential to our business. That’s why we’ve 
teamed up with other food and drinks companies (including 
Coca-Cola and KP Snacks) research institutions, suppliers and around 
150 farmers to make UK agriculture more sustainable and profitable. 
This initiative, Profiting from Sustainability (PFS), is trialling 
sustainable approaches to growing barely, sugar beet, wheat,  
and potatoes, that mean more crops with less pesticides and  
lower carbon emissions. 
As part of the ‘barley group’, we’ve teamed up with our malted barley 
supplier, Muntons, to create a five acre demonstration plot near  
our Tadcaster brewery that’s trialling low-impact barley production 
techniques. Farmers will be invited along to see first-hand how  
these work, and encouraged to adopt them on their own farms.
To share best practice, PFS farmers will meet throughout 2016 to 
discuss and share tips on, for example, new cultivation techniques 
and waste reduction.
The end result will be a more sustainable farming system with less 
carbon emissions, less chemical use, improved biodiversity and better 
crop yields.
We have a robust audit procedure to ensure 
compliance to our Code. We conduct risk 
assessments on all our tier one suppliers as  
well as all critical suppliers. If any suppliers  
are identified as potentially high-risk they are 
assessed via the external supply chain tool, 
EcoVadis. Any suppliers deemed to be high 
 risk following this are required to undergo  
an external site audit which forms the basis  
of an improvement plan. 
Planting sustainable barley demonstration plot in York.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
21

Page 21:
UK’s alcohol consumption 
down 18% since 2004. 
Advocating  
responsible  
consumption
For more on our responsible consumption 
priorities and why this is important,  
see our Global website.
Some of our colleagues taking part in Act for Addaction
The Big Picture 
Most people in the UK drink responsibly. In fact, we’re drinking 
less today than we did 10 years ago. But harmful drinking still 
affects around 20% of the population and alcohol misuse is  
one of the biggest issues facing our business.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
22

Page 22:
6.5 million 
people reached through the Moderate 
Drinkers Wanted campaign
10% of our Heineken®  
marketing budget 
committed to responsible 
drinking campaigns.
Fully embedding alcohol responsibility into our 
business is key to our long term sustainability.  
As a founding member of the Government’s 
Public Health Responsibility Deal, and with a 
strong track record of working with others through 
our various partnerships with Drinkaware, Best 
Bar None, Community Alcohol Partnerships, 
PASS, Scottish Government Alcohol Industry 
Partnership, and Addaction, we’re widely 
recognised as an active and willing partner  
in addressing alcohol-related harm. 
Making moderate drinking aspirational
While we encourage the enjoyment of beer and 
cider in moderation as part of a healthy lifestyle, 
we recognise there are health and behavioural risks 
associated with consuming too much either over 
time or on single occasions. We have a genuine 
commitment to making moderate consumption 
the social norm by actively using our brands 
including through the Heineken® brand 
campaigns ‘Sunrise’, ‘Dance More Drink Slow’  
and ‘Moderate Drinkers Wanted’. 
There’s been a significant shift in consumption 
patterns in the past decade. We believe there’s  
a real opportunity to take a targeted approach 
to build on the momentum and encourage more 
people to drink responsibly. 
We want to promote quality over quantity and 
spread the message that getting drunk isn’t 
‘cool’. By showing positive behaviour instead  
of criticising bad behaviour, we believe we can 
help change consumer attitudes.
We kicked off 2016 with the launch of the  
third in a series of exciting global responsible 
consumption campaigns. ‘Moderate Drinkers 
Wanted’ was launched through the Heineken® 
brand as we continued on our mission to make 
moderate drinking aspirational. 
How we’re responding
Scene from ‘Moderate Drinkers Wanted’, our latest responsible consumption campaign.
We use the Heineken® brand to encourage 
moderation because brands resonate with 
consumers and Heineken®, as the most global 
international premium brand, provides the 
perfect platform to spread the message  
of moderate consumption. Our global 
commitment is to spend at least 10% of our 
marketing budget on responsible drinking 
campaigns through the Heineken® brand. 
‘Moderate Drinkers Wanted’ focuses on the 
impact that drinking to excess has both on the 
individual and on those around them. Our 
research makes it clear that more and more 
people see being in control and moderating 
consumption as cool and want to spend their 
time with people who stay in control. ‘Moderate 
Drinkers Wanted’ brought that insight to life. 
Sunrise Dance More Drink Slow Moderate Drinkers Wanted
Heineken® campaigns to make moderate drinking aspirational
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
23

Page 23:
for Addaction’s Veterans Right Turn programme 
and volunteered more than 800 hours for the charity.
Colleagues raised 
£158,000 years in partnership 
with Addaction
Ten years 
2015 marked a decade in partnership with 
Addaction – the UK’s largest specialist alcohol 
addiction charity. Since 2005, we’ve worked with 
Addaction to develop pilot projects in communities 
across the UK, enabling the charity to trial and 
evaluate innovative approaches to tackling 
alcohol harm.
Celebrating a decade of working together,  
we stepped up our commitment to putting 
colleagues at the heart of the partnership. 
In 2015, once again we asked everyone in our 
business to play an active role in our Addaction 
partnership. Act for Addaction was launched as 
a call to action to all our colleagues to get closer 
to Addaction, and in turn, better understand the 
harm caused by alcohol misuse.
Case study:
Community Alcohol Partnerships 
approaches 100th scheme milestone
Community Alcohol Partnerships (CAP) 
aim to tackle underage drinking and the 
resulting harm to local communities. 
Brining together enforcement, education, 
community and local business 
engagement, and provision of positive 
activity for young people is the hallmark 
of the CAP model.
Since its pilot in 2007, more than 90 CAPs 
have launched, delivering up to 46% 
reductions in alcohol-related anti-social 
behaviour among young people. In 2016, 
the scheme (co-funded by HEINEKEN and 
15 other producers and retailers) will 
celebrate its 100th scheme and the 
launch of a further 30. 
Across the country, CAPs have reduced 
the sale of alcohol to under 18s, driven 
down alcohol-related youth anti-social 
behaviour and increased local residents’ 
feelings of safety. 
Colleagues fundraised another £158,000 for 
Addaction’s Right Turn programme – a service 
giving support to veterans struggling with 
alcohol and substance misuse. Right Turn is 
aiming to overcome the current barriers in 
supporting ex-service personnel and reach more 
veterans earlier by training veteran volunteers in 
the principles of peer support. The project is 
being externally evaluated by Sheffield and 
Hallam University. 
Through volunteering and mentoring more than 
800 hours with the charity, our wider business 
awareness and understanding of the issues 
faced by those dealing with alcohol addiction 
has really helped us further strengthen our 
partnership with Addaction. 
Our partnership with Addaction has taken one of the most challenging issues 
for our industry – alcohol misuse – and confronted it head on. We work together 
to find new solutions to alcohol misuse which deliver significant, lasting benefit 
for individuals, families and communities across the UK. Our partnership has 
gone from strength to strength over the last decade. Act for Addaction put our 
colleagues at the heart of that relationship,uniting our business and opening 
colleagues’ eyes to the impact of alcohol misuse.. 
David Forde, Managing Director, HEINEKEN UK
We support the alcohol education charity, Drinkaware and use our marketing, packaging and 
sponsorship to drive traffic to drinkaware.co.uk, where people can find the  facts on alcohol. 
The Drinkaware logo is on all of ourmarketing materials – from our TV adverts, brand websites, 
secondary packaging to our festival activation.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
24

Page 24:
Promoting  
health and safety
For more on promoting health and safety and  
why this is important, see Global’s website.
The Big Picture 
Safety is our number one business priority – globally and in the 
UK. Our goal is zero-accidents by 2020. So whether in 
production, transportation, sales or support functions, we’re 
committed to world-class health and safety standards. 
Our success is down to the great people who work for us, and 
keeping them safe is our priority. We’re unequivocal with our 
colleagues – no job should be done if it can’t be done safely. 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
25

Page 25:
2015 1.4
2014 0.5
2013 0.7
2015 29.8
2014 22.7
2013 7.47.4
90% of selected 
colleaguesof safety training
provided completed driver 
safety training
accredited
Health & Safety 
management system
to OHSAS 18001
13,000 hrs
2015 at a glance 
Accident frequency
Cases/100 FTE,  
HEINEKEN UK Production Units
1.4
Accident severity
Lost calendar days/100 FTE,  
HEINEKEN UK production units
29.8
For more detailed data on (occupational) health  
and safety, see our GRI 4 Reference Table
How we’re responding
How we did in 2015
We’ve a solid track record for safety in the UK, 
which is why we were disappointed that in 2015 
we had 11 lost-time accidents in production –  
an increase from five in 2014. Most of these 
accidents related to slip, trip and fall (46%) or 
manual handling (23%). All accidents are 
investigated to identify the root cause and steps 
taken to help prevent them from reoccurring. 
Getting the basics right 
We’ve robust systems and policies in place to 
help avoid accidents from occurring, and 
procedures to limit harm if they do. Our Health 
and Safety management system is accredited 
to the internationally recognised standard, 
OHSAS 18001. 
Safety training for high-risk roles
We focus our training on people who work in 
high-risk roles. In 2015, we delivered almost 
13,000 hours of training to colleagues in 
production to make sure they’re equipped with 
the knowledge and skills they need to stay safe.
We also extended our online driver-safety training 
to include all business drivers. This was completed 
by 90% of colleagues who we targeted for driver 
training. We’ve developed a new safe driving 
policy which all drivers must adhere to. This sets 
out clear guidance on a range of issues and 
includes, not allowing colleagues to join 
conference calls on hands-free devices while 
driving. 
New 2020 commitments
2018 milestone
Operating companies representing  
95% of employees have 80% of the  
actions coming from Life Saving Rules 
action plans accomplished
2020 commitment
Life Saving Rules action plans  
fully implemented
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
26

Page 26:
Made safety HEINEKEN’s
No.1 business
priority
Developed 12 
Life Saving Rules
Creating a safety culture
Polices and training lay the foundation. But  
to create a zero-accident workplace, we need to 
create a safety culture in which colleagues live safe 
behaviour day-to-day. To help us achieve this we:
• Made safety the number one behaviour 
that we expect from all colleagues. To help 
ensure this is put into practice we asked 
colleagues to demonstrate how they’re 
‘putting safety first’ as part of their formal 
performance review. 
• Developed 12 Life Saving Rules  
(effective from January 2016) which clearly 
outline the dos and don’ts for high-risk 
activities. Each rule has an accompanying 
video explaining what this means in practice. 
HEINEKEN Life Saving Rules
Protect yourself  
against a fall when  
working at height
Obtain authorisation  
before starting  
any hot work activity
Obtain authorisation  
before entering  
a confined space
Drive  
at the allowed  
speed
Comply with  
CO2 procedure  
when required
Operate vehicles  
only when  
authorized
Protect yourself  
when working with  
chemicals
Be sober and free  
from drugs
Phone hands  
free only
Wear your seatbelt  
and helmet
Lock out, tag out before 
work on machines 
or equipment begins
Drive  
forklift trucks  
safely
We pride ourselves on having strong health and safety policies and procedures, 
and see any accident as unacceptable. So we were really disappointed that 
several colleagues were involved in accidents while working for us. Despite our 
systems, procedures and training we know we can, and must, do more. In 2015, 
we continued to focus on creating a safety culture in which safety is at the 
forefront of all colleagues’ minds 24/7 – whether at home or work. Behaviour 
change takes time, but we’ve been working incredibly hard to capture the 
hearts and minds of our colleagues and make safety their number one priority. 
I’m looking forward to early 2016 when we’ll kick off a new safety awareness 
campaign to help make safety relevant to everyone – whatever their role. 
Shane Gardner, UK Safety & Environment Manager
Looking ahead in 2016
To help keep safety at the forefront of colleagues’ minds we will launch 
an awareness campaign ‘what does safety mean to you’ to make safety 
relevant to all colleagues. We’re planning to ask colleagues from across the 
business to submit a video explaining why safety is important to them, 
which will be shared on World Health and Safety Day. 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
27

Page 27:
Growing with  
communities
The Big Picture 
Businesses need vibrant communities in the areas they operate to succeed.
Local community groups are working hard to strengthen communities  
and do a vital, and often difficult job. We believe that businesses can 
help. By being a good employer and neighbour, we can create 
communities where people flourish. 
For us it’s important that we’ve strong relationships with our communities.  
Our breweries, cideries and pubs have been at the heart of UK communities 
for years and we need to continue to play our part in making them better 
places to live and work. 
For more on growing with communities and why  
this is important, see our website.
A team of volunteers planting a community orchard in West Dulwich as part of Helping Britain Blossom.
Bringing the magic of orchards to 
communities across the UK
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
28

Page 28:
40 community 
orchards
planted or 
restored
75 orchard 
leaders
trained
£30 million
invested in the 
British Pub
Case study:
Helping Birmingham’s biggest  
hospital blossom
In February 2015, we put down roots  
at The Queen Elizabeth Hospital in 
Birmingham, planting over 120 new apple, 
pear, plum and cherry trees with the help 
of over 50 green-fingered volunteers. 
Through the Big Tree Plant, we created  
a beautiful hospital orchard for staff, 
patients, visitors and the wider community 
to enjoy. The fruit coming from the orchard 
will be used to teach local people how to 
grow, tend, cook and prepare food – and will 
all be donated to benefit the community.
The orchard will be looked after by various 
local community groups that’ll work 
together to make sure it’s well-maintained 
and can be enjoyed for years to come.
How we’re responding
We’re working hard to make sure that as our 
business grows, our local communities  
prosper too. 
Restoring orchards across the UK
In 2014 we partnered with The Urban Orchard 
Project and The Bulmer Foundation to launch 
Helping Britain Blossom (HBB), our flagship 
community programme to bring the benefits of 
green spaces to communities, particularly in urban 
areas. Through HBB, people can come together to 
plant trees, sample their fruits, relax in the orchards 
or enjoy time together with friends and family. 
By the end of 2015 we’d created or restored 40 
orchards in Birmingham, Hereford, Leeds, London, 
Manchester and Scotland. A total of 400 trees 
were planted in areas where people could really 
benefit from green space, such as hospitals, 
schools and housing estates. 
We’re also reviving the art of orcharding by 
training 75 people in traditional orcharding  
skills, so they can maintain their trees and  
share their new skills with the wider community 
in the initiative. 
Through planting days, workshops and festivals 
almost 800 people got together to enjoy our HBB 
orchards. By 2017, we’ll have created or restored 
100 orchards for 90,000 people to enjoy. 
Investing in the Great British Pub
We are passionate supporters of the Great 
British pub. Each year we invest millions into  
our estate to help our licensees improve  
their pubs and grow their businesses, while 
safeguarding the future of the community pub. 
In 2015, we invested around £30 million in 
upgrading our pubs. We refurbished over 100, 
each having around £175,000 spent on them, 
along with smaller-scale improvements to a 
further 100 pubs.  
Through this investment we’re improving  
each pub’s food offering – as well as creating 
spaces for watching sport or private dining –  
so our lessees can attract more customers.  
Since 2012, we’ve invested around £93 million 
into renovating our pub estate. 
Supporting our communities
We want to have a positive impact in the 
communities where our colleagues live  
and work. To help us do this, we’ll launch  
a new partnership with the social platform, 
Neighbourly, to find inspiring causes in  
need of a helping hand. In 2016, we’ll  
open community funds in each of areas  
we have an office, brewery, ciderie or mill, 
donating to causes that support local  
people, improve the environment and  
bring the community together.
Before investment
HEINEKEN’S £220k investment  
in our pub is a dream come 
true. We’ve been able to 
redecorate the building inside 
and out, upgrade the kitchen 
and make over the toilets –  
not to mention the stunning 
new outside decking area.  
The transformation has really 
helped business pick up, so 
we’ve also hired 15 new bar, 
kitchen and housekeeping staff. 
It’s great to be able to give the 
local community a warm and 
welcoming pub back to enjoy 
with their friends and family.  
Kieran White, owner of Hazeldene 
pub in Gretna Green
The Red Lion, Shepperton
After investment
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
29

Page 29:
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
30
Our people
The Big Picture 
Our colleagues make HEINEKEN great. In a highly 
competitive, and increasingly global labour market, we need  
to attract and retain the most talented and skilled people to 
remain the UK’s leading cider, beer and pub company. 
We pride ourselves on delighting our customers and 
consumers. Continuing to create a diverse and inclusive 
workforce gives us the wealth and broad range of experience 
we need to do this. 
Find out more about our great career  
opportunities on our website.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners

Page 30:
22 engineering 
apprenticeships 
Around
1,700 employees
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
31
Making HEINEKEN a great 
place to work
We employ around 1,700 full-time employees 
at our sites across the UK. Around 60% of our 
people work at our production sites, making 
our great beer and cider brands. We also offer 
professional careers in areas including finance, 
marketing, innovation, logistics, corporate 
relations and HR.
 In 2015, we continued to invest in our people 
to make sure we have the right people with the 
right skills to support our business.
Helping our people reach  
their potential 
We offer exceptional career development 
opportunities to colleagues working at all  
levels of the business. 
• Our apprenticeship scheme is for people early 
in their careers. In 2015 we had 22 young 
people enrolled on our four-year programme, 
which provides on-site and classroom-based 
learning to develop skilled engineers. Over 95% 
of apprentices stay on with us after graduating 
to gain a full-time job. 
• We offer a two year programme in supply 
chain and commercial to between four and 
eight high-performing graduates every  
two years. 
• Our coaching programme enables 
colleagues in more junior roles to benefit  
from the knowledge and experience of those 
working in more senior roles. In 2015, 50 
benefited from the programme and 13  
of our mentors gained accredited ILM  
Level 3 Certificate in Mentoring. 
Joining HEINEKEN’s engineering 
apprenticeship scheme has been 
a life-changing experience. I 
started when I was 19 after 
trying a few jobs in different 
industries. The scheme has given 
me a career, not just a job, and 
I’m really proud of what I do. I’m 
now visiting local schools to tell 
teachers and students about how 
rewarding an engineering career 
at HEINEKEN is – so other young 
people can benefit from the 
scheme too. 
Stephen Miller, engineering apprentice
To truly foster diversity we’re working to address 
bias in decision-making that people themselves 
are not aware of. We’re developing a training 
programme designed to deal with unconscious 
bias, which we plan to pilot during 2016.
Evolving our approach to people 
Our ambition is to be the go-to employer for 
people looking for exciting and rewarding 
careers.  To achieve this, we’ve developed an 
ambitious People Plan. The aim, to further drive 
our business performance through what we do 
with, and for, our people.
Promoting a diverse and  
inclusive workforce
We embrace diversity and create a workplace 
that’s inclusive to all people regardless of 
age, gender, ethnicity or nationality. 
Our colleague handbook outlines the 
standards we expect on a range of issues, 
including equal opportunities. To make sure 
any personal or professional concerns can 
be easily raised we offer a confidential 
24-hour helpline, Speak Up. 
Find out more about our great career  
opportunities on our website.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners

Page 31:
32 Faces of HEINEKEN
to help us attract talent
HEINEKEN  UK Sustainability Report 2015
32
Using our people and brands  
to attract talent
In 2015, we launched our ‘Faces of HEINEKEN’ 
campaign to help attract and retain the skills 
we need to grow our business. We’ve chosen  
32 colleagues from across the business to front 
the campaign as our ‘faces’. From brand 
managers to accountants, brewery operatives 
to sales managers and engineers to orcharding 
specialists, our ‘faces’ represent the diversity 
and talent at all levels of our business. They will 
be our ambassadors who share stories on why 
they love working for us, so people externally 
get an insight into what life’s really like at 
HEINEKEN. 
After a successful internal campaign, in 2016 we’ll 
be hitting the streets of Manchester and 
Edinburgh, two areas we want to attract more 
talent, with a bold and impactful external 
advertising campaign to share with potential 
recruits the reasons why HEINEKEN is a great 
place to work, and encourage them to find out 
more. 
Alex Jones,
Logistics Manager,
 Edinburgh
I love the 
atmosphere and 
the team spirit at 
HEINEKEN.”
“
PRIDE IN WHO WE ARE,  
PASSION FOR WHAT WE DO.
Chelsey Wroe
Employee Comms Manager, 
Corporate Relations
From the 
Netherlands 
to Brazil, 
and the US 
in between, 
Chelsey’s 
seen the 
world with 
HEINEKEN.
The Faces of HEINEKEN campaign has turned the ‘faces’ into HEINEKEN 
celebs! As part of the internal launch, life-sized pictures of me appeared in our 
offices overnight. This was funny to see, but it’s been great to share with others 
why I love working here. And great to find out what my colleagues like about 
their jobs. I’m looking forward to the external launch next year when I’ll be 
fronting a campaign in Edinburgh to let potential employees know about the 
amazing opportunities here for them. 
Chelsey Wroe, Employee Communications Manager, Corporate Relations, Edinburgh
Find out more about our great career  
opportunities on our website.
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners

Page 32:
HEINEKEN UK Sustainability Report 2015
33
 
Making progress with our partners 
Partnership is at the heart of our approach to Brewing a Better World. In 2016, we’ll continue to grow the 
strong relationships we’ve built over the years. We’ll be responding to our partners guidance and using their 
expertise to better tackle alcohol harm and promote moderation, support local communities and reduce 
our environmental impact across the supply chain. 
Thanks to all our partner organisations for their support and advice in 2015. 
 
Introduction Our Focus Areas Our People Our Partners

