Page 1:
2013
ING Group  
Sustainability Report
Simpler, stronger, sustainable

Page 2:
Contents
Contents in this report
 About thIS RepoRt 2
I o ur approach to sustainability reporting 3
II performance data  4
III Q&A Ceo 5
Iv Q&A Global head of Sustainability 7
 o veRvIew 8
1.1 Company overview 9
2 o ur strategic approach to sustainability 11
2.1 Sustainability at ING 12
2.2 w hat matters most to us: materiality 14
2.3 Stakeholder engagement 17
2.4 o ur sustainability roadmap 22
 DeLIveRING oN ouR CommItmeNtS 23
3 o ur sustainability performance 24
3.1 p rogress report 25
3.2 e xternal review of ING’s sustainability performance 27
4 e nhancing customer centricity 28
4.1 e nhancing customer centricity: at a glance 29
4.2 p utting customers’ interest first 30
4.3 h elping customers manage their financial future 32
4.4 m aking basic financial services accessible 34
4.5 m easuring customer satisfaction 36
4.6 p rogress report 37
5  p romoting responsible lending  
and investment practices 39
5.1  p romoting responsible lending  
and investment practices: at a glance 40
5.2 Setting our standards 41
5.3  e nvironmental and social risk in practice 43
5.4  o ffering sustainable products and services  
at ING bank 49
5.5 Responsible investment at NN Group 52
5.6 Sustainable assets allocated 57
5.7 p rogress report 59
6 Improving environmental performance 60
6.1 Improving environmental performance: at a glance 61
6.2 Driving efficiency 62
6.3 Sustainable procurement 64
6.4  m onitoring and reporting  
environmental performance 66
6.5 p rogress report 70
7 e ngaging our employees 71
7.1 e ngaging our employees: at a glance 72
7.2 b eing a responsible employer 73
7.3 building a professional and accountable culture 75
7.4 p romoting an inclusive and balanced culture 77
7.5 m easuring our performance as an employer 79
7.6 p rogress report 80
8 Creating positive change in communities  84
8.1  Creating positive change in communities:  
at a glance 86
8.2 e ducating children 87
8.3  p romoting financial empowerment  
and entrepreneurship 89
8.4 Support for local themes 91
8.5 p rogress report 93
9 Governance and compliance 96
 Appe NDIx 100
10.1 Independent Assurance Report 101
10.2 p rinciples for Sustainable Insurance 102
10.3 u N Global Compact 104
10.4 Glossary  106
10.5 Details  108
ING GRoup SuStAINAbILItY RepoRt 2013
1

Page 3:
Contents in this section
 About thIS RepoRt 2
I o ur approach to sustainability reporting 3
II p erformance data 4
III Q&A Ceo 5
Iv  Q&A Global head of Sustainability 7
About this report
this is our 19th Sustainability Report 
and our fullest source of disclosure 
on our sustainability-related actions 
and performance. we use this 
opportunity to share our sustainability 
highlights of the year and how we 
plan to go forward. this content is 
substantiated with detailed data, 
case studies, performance and 
future commitments summaries 
and comments from a broad range 
of internal and external stakeholders. 
this report covers both our bank 
and insurance businesses.
2
22
ING GRoup SuStAINAbILItY RepoRt 2013

Page 4:
this is ING’s 19th Sustainability Report. It includes summaries as well as 
detailed disclosure on our sustainability approach, actions and performance. 
the performance updates are supported by data on key priority areas  
such as sustainable finance and investment, increasing financial capability 
of our customers, environmental performance of our operations, being a 
responsible employer and community investment. the report represents an 
opportunity to be transparent and to share the details of our performance.
19th
Sustainability Report
Audiences for this report
this report is intended to serve the information needs of the stakeholder 
groups that most affect and are affected by our business – customers, 
employees and investors. In particular sustainability rating agencies  
and analysts who will use the content for an in-depth analysis of  
our performance.
how we defined content for this report
the theme of this report, like the ING Group Annual Report, is ’Simpler, 
stronger, sustainable’, which reflects our achievements as an organisation. 
Balancing materiality and compliance
Sustainability is an ever-evolving domain where material issues change, 
requiring us to adapt our reporting to meet the expectations of our 
stakeholders. the chapters of the report are consolidated on the basis  
of their relevance, covering topics that are material to our business and 
operational performance in 2013. the performance data specifically 
addresses the needs of rating agencies, external analysts and benchmarks. 
Definitions of the various terms and abbreviations used in this report can 
be found in the relevant paragraphs and in the glossary. 
GRI 3.1
Due to the large-scale organisational changes that stem from the separation 
of our banking and insurance activities, we have decided to follow GRI 3.1 
guidelines and the financial sector supplement this year, and are exploring 
the possibility of producing a G4 compliant report in the next reporting 
cycle. we report at an A+ level on the GRI 3.1.
I – our approach to 
sustainability reporting
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
3


Page 5:
boundary and scope of reported data
we define ’boundary’ as the range of entities over which we have 
management control. In 2013, to prepare for the transition of the  
business into separate bank and insurance companies, we have already 
de-consolidated data for these two business streams, and report accordingly.
In this reporting cycle, we set new parameters for business units to be 
included within the scope of environmental data reporting. business units 
that are above 200 Ftes, over which we have management control or that 
contribute at least 5% to our total carbon emissions based on 2012 data, 
were asked to provide environmental data. For social indicators, business 
units that are over 100 Ftes, and over which we have management 
control, have provided performance data for 2013. 
Data-collection tool
we have updated the proprietary, online data-collection tool that we  
use to gather, track and validate data on sustainability. the tool provides 
greater transparency and ensures more consistent and accurate data 
collation. It has also enabled us to disclose additional data in this report.  
In 2013 we sourced the hR data directly from the hR data analytics 
department.
the financial data reported in this document has been fully sourced  
and aligned with ING Group’s Annual Report 2013. 
Data validation
the centralised data processing team at ING Group is assisted by an 
independent external agency (Royal haskoningDhv) that helps to validate 
and process the large amount of data gathered from our operations 
worldwide. In collaboration with Royal haskoningDhv, we have reviewed 
and updated our reporting protocol document with the aim of further 
improving the quality of our sustainability data reporting in the coming years.
Assurance
KpmG has provided limited assurance to this report. please refer to the 
Independent Assurance Report on page 101 for their statement.
Looking forward
we address issues in this report that are identified as material to our 
stakeholders through a materiality analysis, which is one of the key 
requirements of GRI’s G4 guidelines, that we aspire to adhere to in  
the future. our vision for next year’s report reflects our journey towards 
more integrated reporting.
II – performance data
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
4


Page 6:
what do you see as ING’s role in society?
we believe that financial services are significant drivers for a healthy 
economy as well as a stable society. Although we are a financial institution, 
our role goes beyond delivering monetary returns. we have an opportunity 
to use our scale, reach and expertise to help society achieve long-term 
sustainable prosperity. As a bank, we serve society and play an important 
role in the real economy. we have a broad client base, from the largest 
retail chain to the corner bakery and the first-time home buyer. As an 
insurer, we help people manage and protect their assets and income 
through pensions, investments, insurance, savings and mortgages.
the choices we make today can help shape the economies of the future 
and provide stability to the communities in which we operate. this is  
also a means for us to regain trust, which is the number one priority  
for our company. 
our customers are at the heart of everything that we do. what they want 
and what they expect determine the changes and improvements we make. 
when they choose us as their financial partner, they expect us to help 
them navigate to a secure financial future. 
It may sound contradictory at first, but although we are a customer-centric 
organisation, we do not automatically do what the customer wants.  
we have a duty of care to provide customers with the correct information 
and to ensure we really act in their best interests. 
what does sustainability mean to ING?  
And what are you doing about it?
I don’t believe in assessing our performance based on financial profit 
alone. For me, being sustainable means harnessing our skills, scale and 
reach in order to deliver long-term value. 
we have to make choices in our sustainability agenda and prioritise our 
resources in line with our business strategy, for the maximum impact.  
I see this as our attention being increasingly focused on our customers.  
we can help them be better equipped to make financial decisions for 
improved security of their present and future finances. 
our customers trust us with their money under the assumption that we 
will manage it responsibly. In practice, this means that good business ethics 
and sound environmental and social decision-making underpins our daily 
activities and behaviours. we use sustainability criteria in our capital 
allocation choices to help stimulate the transition to a sustainable economy.
I am proud of the level of transparency we aspire to, through this report, 
with regard to the sources of the funds entrusted to us and how we use 
them. In addition, our inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices 
shows that our progress and performance are acknowledged by the 
experts in this field. we also seek external direction and validation of our 
sustainability priorities by endorsing international standards such as the  
uN Global Compact.
how is sustainability playing a role  
in delivering long-term growth?
our focus on sustainability helps us to refine how we create long-term 
value for our stakeholders. In addition, it gives us an informed steer on  
the short-, medium- and long-term risks and opportunities for all parties. 
we concentrate on the key issues that most affect our stakeholders  
and us, but also those over which we have a direct influence, and for 
which there is a sound business case. Sustainability is a way that helps us 
generate revenue, cut costs, attract talent and future-proof our business. 
Sustainability is a journey, with ups and downs along the way. As financial 
risk is conclusively interlinked with environmental and social risks, we 
integrate these factors into our approach in order to make our business 
simpler, stronger and more sustainable.
Reaffirming my commitment to sustainability, I joined colleagues 
throughout the organisation in embedding sustainability in my 
performance targets. 
ING is a company in transition.  
where are you to date?
the ING I see today is very different from the ING of previous years.  
we have emerged from the crisis years as a less complex and more resilient 
company. we have simplified our business, reducing our product offering 
and streamlining processes to drive down costs and make our services and 
products quicker and easier to use. the result is that we are now a stronger 
financial partner for the people and businesses we serve. 
the results of our huge efforts to restructure and change are that a fully 
independent ING is now in sight. we are close to making the final 
repayments for the support we received from the Dutch government in 
2008 and 2009. we entered the final phase of our restructuring programme 
in 2013, with the new brand for our insurance and investment businesses 
being announced in october: NN. we have also had to make some painful 
decisions regarding divesting businesses and laying off people. Although 
we are now a smaller company, ING is arguably in better shape today, with 
strong funding, liquidity and capital. Above all, we strengthened our focus 
on our customers. 
III – Q&A Ceo
Ralph Hamers 
Chief executive officer of ING Group
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
5


Page 7:
what do you see as ING’s way forward?
our business, like any other, is affected by a rapidly changing world.  
we are seeing the emergence of a new global economic dynamic, 
population growth and ageing, resource scarcity and digital opportunities. 
At ING, we view these sustainability-related mega trends in terms of risks 
and opportunities for our business and stakeholders. 
together, we are busy redefining what kind of bank and what kind of 
insurance business we want to be, what more we can do to help our 
customers get ahead, and what we can contribute to society. we are 
aware that we are not there yet, and there is still a lot of work to do,  
but I am proud of what we have achieved so far.
with a refined and sharpened strategy for ING bank to be presented in  
the first half of 2014 and a scheduled Ipo base case for the insurance and 
investment management businesses, 2014 is set to be an important year 
for ING and all our stakeholders.
III – Q&A Ceo 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
6


Page 8:
what are the key drivers of  
the sustainability agenda at ING?
For over a decade our aim has been to limit our exposure to financial,  
legal and reputational risks that could arise from environmental or social 
issues associated with our business engagement. As such, we gradually 
built our understanding of sustainability issues, which in turn enabled us  
to become more proactive, setting ourselves clear targets creating impact.
with the aim of being more transparent at heart, we managed to be  
one of the first financial institutions to report on our credit risk portfolio  
in relation to our environmental and Social Risk (eSR) Framework policies 
applied (page 43). In 2012, we set ourselves the ambition to embed 
sustainable procurement standards in our supply chain to ensure minimum 
standards applied. And we continue supporting our clients and the 
broader community to be economically empowered.
how would you summarise the sustainability 
highlights at ING of the year 2013?
one could probably best look at our progress report. And I am proud  
to see the results. Just to highlight a few: 
we strengthened the implementation of our eSR Framework, by 
expanding the scope this year and by embedding it in the client and 
transaction approval process in our systems over 2014. As Chair of the 
equator principles Steering Committee, ING oversaw the review and  
launch of the third version of the principles – epIII.
In our role as investor we have also taken significant steps in integrating 
environmental, social and governance (eSG) aspects into the investment 
process. In addition, we managed to grow the volume of Sustainable 
Assets Allocated across our business lines (page 57). As is the shift in our 
project finance portfolio towards renewable away from coal (page 51).
but we did not only focus on improving the quality of our credit risk 
portfolio and embedding sustainability in our product and services offering. 
our efforts also focused on our operations. It was the first year of global 
implementation of our sustainable procurement policy, which aims to cover 
90% of our supplier base within the Global procurement organisation.
the success of our community investment goals is attributable to 
employees who share our vision of helping one million children have access 
to better education. 
our achievements have been recognised by the market as well.  
ING Group Nv has been selected as an index component of the Dow Jones 
Sustainability Indices 2013, a respected global sustainability benchmark. 
overall, as a company we are on the move towards a more sustainable way 
of doing business.
what do you see as the path going forward?
the split of our banking and insurance and investment management 
businesses will have an impact on how we manage sustainability within  
the company. Following the restructuring process, we have already put in 
place two teams to define and develop the distinct visions and strategies  
as per the material areas relevant to the different business entities of bank 
and insurance and investment management. we will take into account 
developments such as scarcity of resources, circular economy, energy 
transition and uncertainty of future income for retail clients.
I invite you to read about our sustainability performance in more detail in 
the following chapters and look forward to receiving your feedback and 
insights thereafter. please connect via: sustainability@ing.com
Iv – Q&A Global head 
of Sustainability
Léon Wijnands 
Global head of Sustainability
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
7


Page 9:
Contents in this section
 o veRvIew 8
1.1 Company overview 9
2 o ur strategic approach to sustainability 11
2.1 Sustainability at ING 12
2.2 w hat matters most to us: materiality 14
2.3 Stakeholder engagement 17
2.4 o ur sustainability roadmap 22
overview
ING is a global financial institution  
of Dutch origin, currently offering 
banking, investments, life insurance 
and retirement services to meet the 
needs of a broad customer base.  
ING is moving towards full separation 
of its banking and insurance 
operations. today, we have more 
than 75,000 employees serving 
around 48 million customers  
in over 40 countries.
8
8
ING GRoup SuStAINAbILItY RepoRt 2013

Page 10:
1.1 – Company 
overview
our mission 
our mission is to set the standard in helping our customers manage their 
financial future. ING aims to deliver financial products and services in the 
way our customers want them: with exemplary service, convenience and  
at competitive prices. 
Living our values
At the heart of our values are the ING business principles, which are the 
global standard for the behaviour expected of every employee at ING:
 — we act with integrity
 — we are open and clear
 — we respect each other
 — we are environmentally and socially responsible.
wheRe ING bANK opeRAteS*
ING bank builds on its international network from its Northern european home markets, capitalising on its leadership position in gathering savings, 
multi-channel distribution, simple propositions, cost leadership and marketing.
 ING’s presence at 31 Dec 2013
*  ING has an equity position in tmb bank in thailand and bank of beijing in China.
Commercial Banking 
provides services to a customer base of large 
corporations, organisations and governments 
through an international branch network 
covering more than 40 countries.
ING Retail Banking Benelux  
is the leading bank in the benelux.
ING Retail Banking International* 
is active in Australia, Austria, China, 
France, Germany, India, Italy, poland, 
Romania, Spain, thailand and turkey.
NN Group N.v., formerly called ING Insurance 
topholding N.v., merged with ING verzekeringen 
N.v. effective as of 1 march 2014. 
As a result the legal entity ING verzekeringen 
N.v. ceased to exist and NN Group N.v. became 
the legal successor of ING verzekeringen N.v.  
as the holding company of the european and 
Japanese insurance and investment management 
operations. In this Annual Report, NN Group  
will be used to indicate these operations.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
9


Page 11:
our financial position
we place great importance on strengthening our financial position in order 
to make sure we are in the best position to facilitate sustainable economic 
development. 
our strategic focus
our focus is on increasing customer satisfaction, simplifying our 
organisation and product offering, strengthening our financial position  
and solidifying the sustainability of our business model.
ING has strategic priorities at the Group, bank and Insurance levels.  
ING Group’s strategic priorities up until 2013 have been: strengthening  
our financial position, restructuring, repaying the remaining state aid and 
building both stronger and sustainable banking and insurance/investment 
management businesses. 
ING bank’s strategic aim is to be a strong, predominantly european bank 
for its customers. ING bank wants to be a leading domestic full-service 
bank in attractive, stable home markets, as well as a leading commercial 
bank in the benelux with a strong position in Central and eastern europe 
supported by an international network.
on the insurance side, the focus is on service to customers, generating 
capital, growing profitability and improving efficiency. NN Group’s strategy 
is therefore about offering appealing and easy-to-understand products 
and services, multi-access distribution and efficient and effective 
operations in the 18 countries in which it is active.
our progress on the  
restructuring of our company
ING continued to make strong progress on its restructuring programme 
in 2013, entering the end-phase of its transformation. Although this 
separation is required by the european Commission (eC), we also believe 
it is in the interests of our stakeholders, most notably our customers, 
because it simplifies the organisation and therefore makes it easier to 
manage. we made significant progress with our restructuring programme 
in 2013, and have now reached the final stage of the process. 
During 2013, we passed several milestones, including:
 — the unwinding of the illiquid assets back-up facility (IAbF) was  
agreed upon in 2013. It was completed early 2014.
 — A successful initial public offering (Ipo) of the uS insurance business 
(ING u.S.).
 — Completion of the divestment of ING Insurance/Im Asia.
 — An agreement in November 2013 with the eC on revised timelines  
for the european and Japanese Insurance divestments, which together 
formed ING Insurance and were renamed NN Group on 1 march 2014.
 — In 2013, ING Insurance revealed its future brand name: NN.  
the preparations for the base case Ipo of NN Group are progressing 
well, which is expected to allow us to go to the market in 2014.
ING Bank underlying net result 3,155
NN Group net result 48*
ING Group underlying net profit 3,255
*  excluding the results of the discontinued operations of ING uS and the results  
of Insurance other.
1.1 – Company overview 
continued
wheRe NN GRoup opeRAteS*
NN Group has a strong position as a provider of life insurance, retirement and investment management services and is well positioned to capitalise  
on socio-economic trends.
 NN Group’s at 31 Dec 2013
*  outside europe and Japan, Investment 
management has offices in New York, 
Atlanta, Singapore and Dubai.
**  Corporate-owned Life Insurance.
#1 Life insurer 
in the Netherlands.
top-four market positions  
in many european countries.
third largest in Japan 
CoLI** market.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
10


Page 12:
2 – our strategic 
approach to sustainability
we believe that financial services  
are significant drivers for a stable 
society as well as a healthy economy. 
Although we are a financial 
institution, we believe that our role 
goes beyond delivering monetary 
returns. we have an opportunity  
to use our scale, reach and expertise 
to help society achieve long-term 
sustainable prosperity. 
Contents in this chapter
2 o ur strategic approach to sustainability 11
2.1 Sustainability at ING 12
2.2 w hat matters most to us: materiality 14
2.3 Stakeholder engagement 17
2.4 o ur sustainability roadmap 22
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
11


Page 13:
2.1 – Sustainability at ING
what sustainability means to us
For us, sustainability is about creating long-term value. It is about making 
sure that we enable people and businesses to make informed financial 
decisions, that our products and services are inclusive and accessible, we 
integrate environmental and social criteria into the way we do business, 
and that we remain a top employer for our people. 
our sustainability framework
we have developed a sustainability framework focusing on five areas 
where we believe we can make the greatest difference to our business  
and our stakeholders. we do this by providing innovative products and 
services that help our customers make more sustainable financial decisions 
and improve the socio-economic health and strengths of individuals,  
Smes, corporates, institutions and the communities in which we operate. 
we use this framework to set targets, improve and assess performance 
and maximise the value we create. 
Sustainability governance at ING
the Global head of Sustainability reports directly to ING Group’s Ceo  
for the responsibilities that concern ING Group, like ratings, reporting and 
(reputation) risk. with regard to the activities developed for ING bank, the 
Global head of Sustainability reports to the management board banking. 
At NN Group, sustainability is part of the portfolio of the Chief Change  
& organisation within the management board Insurance. 
we have dedicated teams in place, tasked with proactively embedding 
responsible decision-making and identifying risks and opportunities related 
to non-financial factors. we also have a network of subject matter experts 
who work together to shape our approach to sustainable business 
opportunities, risk and community investment. 
Although the strategy, performance and stakeholder engagement is 
overseen by the sustainability team, sustainability is the responsibility of 
everybody, from the boardroom, to the financial advisor, to our customers 
and suppliers. we look at sustainability holistically, and recognise that 
sustainability expertise and hotspots are to be found across the whole 
organisation, both in geographic terms through our country offices and 
also in the nature of the products and services we provide.
ouR RepoRtING FRAmewoRK
 CommItmeNt  S ImpLeR  St RoNGeR  Su StAINAbLe
Enhancing 
customer 
centricity
providing accessible and 
easy-to-understand 
products and services to 
help our customers manage 
their financial future
we aim to offer simple and 
appropriate products and 
services, at a fair price for 
retail clients
we help our customers to create  
a stronger financial future for 
themselves by enhancing their 
financial skills 
we endeavour to be 
increasingly inclusive in 
providing access to our 
financial products and services
Promoting 
responsible 
lending and 
investment 
practices
promoting sustainable 
finance and making 
responsible investment 
decisions 
we revised our 
environmental and Social 
Risk (eSR) framework
we strengthened the implementation 
of our eSR framework, by further 
embedding the approval process in 
our systems. we will continue this 
implementation process in 2014
we increasingly work and 
engage with companies that 
best address sustainability 
challenges 
Improving 
environmental 
performance
managing actively our 
environmental footprint
our data-collection 
sustainability tool has been 
updated to be simpler and 
more user friendly
we strengthen our environmental 
performance through efficiency 
initiatives
we embed sustainability criteria 
into our procurement systems 
and adopt environmentally 
smart solutions
Engaging our 
employees
Creating a great place to 
work where we encourage 
our people to be the best 
they can be
we build a simpler 
organisation that is easier to 
manage and will enable us 
to provide more attention 
and support to our people
we support and develop our people 
in order to help them better serve 
our customers
we expect the highest levels 
of personal conduct and 
integrity from employees
Creating  
positive change  
in communities
making a positive 
contribution to the many 
communities in which  
we operate
we focus on development 
themes that match our skills 
and expertise and optimise 
our impact
we make a positive difference in 
communities worldwide through 
making the most of our global reach 
we want to create long-lasting 
impact through community 
investment initiatives 
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
12


Page 14:
ING’s sustainability teams
our sustainability-related activities are led and coordinated by two 
dedicated sustainability teams based at the ING bank and the NN Group 
headquarters in the Netherlands. 
the responsibilities of the sustainability teams include: 
 — Developing ING’s overarching sustainability vision, policies and strategy
 — engaging in dialogue with key stakeholders
 — engaging with and providing information to SRI funds and rating 
agencies
 — Supporting ING business units in developing sustainable products  
and services
 — establishing community development and awareness programmes
 — managing global and national partnerships and memberships
 — monitoring performance and producing the annual  
Sustainability Report.
SImpLIFIeD oRGANISAtIoN ChARt – ING GRoup
CEO
CFO CRO
Banking 
management board
Insurance 
management board
Corporate Credit  
Risk management
Sustainability
Corporate 
operational Risk 
management
Corporate 
Compliance Risk 
management
Corporate 
Communications  
and Affairs
Corporate 
Citizenship/
Sustainability
2.1 – Sustainability at ING 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
13


Page 15:
mAteRIALItY mAtRIx
2.2 – what matters 
most to us: materiality
our approach to materiality
we use regular materiality assessments to help us identify the key risks  
and opportunities that we face and to prioritise the issues that are most 
important to our stakeholders. the results of the assessments inform our 
strategic direction and therefore shape the actions we take and the targets 
we set for 2014 and beyond, as well as the people and organisations with 
whom we work.
methodology
we used the materiality analysis to define material issues that represent 
matters that may be of concern to stakeholders or affect our business.  
the issues have been analysed on the basis of a materiality survey that 
included matters raised by stakeholders throughout the year, issues 
addressed in public media and desk research. the sample of respondents on 
the survey comprised of ING employees representing senior management, 
key functions in several home markets. they were identified for their 
frequent interaction with one or more stakeholder groups. Respondents 
were asked to rank the relative importance of a number of issues and the 
potential impact these issues could have on our business in the long term. 
the data were mapped and presented in the materiality matrix.
the results were reviewed and approved by the board. 
the outcomes of our 2013 assessment
the matrix below shows the overarching categories for the most 
material topics addressed in 2013. most material topics are defined as 
the expectations and topics of interest that scored a 4, 5 or higher for both 
the importance to stakeholders as the impact on ING (on a scale of 1-6). 
Some topics were named as material to more than one stakeholder group: 
the bigger the size of the bubble in the matrix, the more stakeholder 
groups have addressed this material topic.
hIGh INteReSt to StAKehoLDeRS hIGheSt
hIGh ImpACt oN ING hIGheSt 
topic Category
1 Customer interest first Customer centricity
2 personalised approach
3 Customer dialogue
4 enhancing customer financial capabilities
5 ethical finance and investment policies Responsible business
6 transparency and openness
7 Fair remuneration
8 privacy and security basic services
9 usability and accessibility
10 providing loans and granting credit
11 Research and advice
12 managing risks Financial stability
13 Financial stability
14 Career development and employability top employer
15 Respecting employees
16 Innovative business developments
17 progress on restructuring
18 Reputation and trust
19 process simplification and efficiency
17
12
13
5
6
8
10
19
11
7
4
16
1
1814
15
2
3
9
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
14


Page 16:
how materiality informs our reporting
materiality informs our sustainability reporting because it enables us to focus on the issues that matter most to our diverse range of stakeholders.  
In particular, materiality helps us meet expectations relating to disclosure, transparency and communications. 
the following abbreviations apply in the table below: 
IAR – ING Group Annual Report 2013 
ISR – ING Group Sustainability Report 2013
mAteRIALItY FRAmewoRK
mAteRIAL ISSueS whAt It meANS to uS ReAD ouR poSItIoN
Basic services this relates directly to our core business. It includes: 
guaranteeing security and safety in our dealings 
with customers; the accessibility and usability of our 
services; and providing loans and granting credit.
IAR: message of the Ceo page 4, ING at a glance 
page 6, banking overview page 27, Insurance 
overview page 46
ISR: Stakeholder engagement table page 18, 
enhancing customer centricity pages 28-38
Customer centricity Focus on customer dialogue, making choices that 
are in the interest of our customers and enhancing 
customers’ financial capabilities.
IAR: message of the Ceo page 4, ING at a glance 
page 6, Strategy page 16
ISR: enhancing customer centricity pages 28-38
Financial stability how we create a stable financial system and 
organisation, in particular how we manage our 
most significant risks.
IAR: ING at a glance page 6, ING Share page 10, 
Financial and regulatory environment page 12, 
Capital management page 21, Risk management 
page 23
ISR: Stakeholder engagement page 17, ING’s eSR 
framework pages 41-42
Responsible business the impact of our investments, making sure our 
activities do no harm to people, society and the 
environment. It also includes transparency and  
fair remuneration policies.
IAR: message of the Ceo page 4, ING at a glance 
page 6, Strategy page 18
ISR: Q&A Ceo page 5, Q&A Global head of 
Sustainability page 7, Stakeholder engagement 
page 17, promoting responsible lending and 
investment practices pages 39-59
Process simplification and efficiency how well we are organised and work efficiently. IAR: Strategy page 19, banking overview page 27, 
30, 35, 37, 38, 40, 44, NN Group page 52, 
Remuneration report page 81
ISR: our strategic approach to sustainability  
pages 11-21, Improving environmental performance 
pages 60-70
Progress on restructuring our progress on restructuring and our regulatory 
compliance. 
IAR: message of the Ceo page 4, ING at a glance 
page 6, Key figures page 8
ISR: Company overview pages 9-10
Innovative business development Financing and investing with an eye on the future. 
It also covers financial innovation and how new 
products and services help us and our customers 
adapt to new challenges.
IAR: message of the Ceo page 4, Strategy 
page 16-20
ISR: Q&A Global head of Sustainability page 7,  
our strategic approach to sustainability pages 11-21, 
promoting responsible lending and investment 
practices pages 39-59
Top employer this covers issues that are most important to our 
employees. Although most topics in this category 
were named as material, the most important 
appeared to be efficiency and well-organised 
processes. 
IAR: Key figures page 9, Strategy page 19
ISR: our strategic approach to sustainability  
pages 11-21, engaging our employees pages 71-83
Reputation and trust In reality, ING’s business is centred on people and 
trust. only by acting with professionalism and 
integrity can we maintain our stakeholders’ 
confidence and build the company’s reputation.
IAR: message of the Ceo page 4, Strategy page 18
2.2 – what matters most 
to us: materiality continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
15


Page 17:
understanding our most material issues
Reassuringly, a key outcome is that our stakeholders emphasise the 
importance of one of our key aims – to provide suitable financial services 
and products. they expect us to excel in this respect.
our stakeholders also expect our business to be financially stable, 
following the years of recovery from the global financial crisis. Financial 
stability is at the heart of our strategy because it can facilitate the real 
economy and deliver long-term value for our business and stakeholders. 
over the last few years we strengthened our financial position. Capital and 
funding improved, our liquidity position remained strong and our earnings 
remained resilient. For more details please refer to pages 21-22 of the  
ING Annual Report.
the materiality assessment results also highlighted the fact that our 
stakeholders expect us to conduct our business responsibly. they expect 
us to operate a fair remuneration policy, to be transparent and to mitigate 
social or environmental harm resulting from our activities. we have 
addressed these topics in detail in the various sections of our 2013 Annual 
and Sustainability Reports, with performance updates and data supporting 
our claims where appropriate. 
Looking forward
In 2014, ING intends to further upscale the materiality assessment process 
by reaching out directly to the various stakeholder groups in our home 
markets to determine what concerns they have and the expectations of 
ING. the outcomes of our materiality assessments provide direction to our 
sustainability reporting. by improving the methodology we intend to make 
an increasingly relevant and transparent report.
the outcomes of the materiality assessment this year only cover a part 
of the content of this report. these topics that are addressed through 
chapters 4 and 5 of this report, enhancing customer centricity and 
promoting responsible investment and lending practices. however other 
aspects of our sustainability performance that we deem important are 
covered through the other chapters in this report.
mAteRIALItY methoDoLoGY
2014 2013 2012
Selection of respondents Stakeholder groups in selected 
markets
ING employees representing 
stakeholder groups from business 
units in the Netherlands, belgium, 
Germany, Luxembourg and  
poland (including Retail banking, 
Commercial banking, Insurance  
and Investment management)
ING Group employees, based  
in the Netherlands, representing 
stakeholder groups
Number of respondents 100+ respondents 88 respondents 30 respondents
Selection of topics topics derived from internal  
and external research on global  
and economic trends
the 94 topics included in the survey 
were derived from the stakeholder 
expectations map and internal and 
external research on global and 
economic trends
the five topics included in the  
survey were derived from the 2011 
Stakeholder expectations map
Presentation of results Similar to 2013 approach Results were plotted on two axes: 
the interest of issues to stakeholders 
and the potential impact of these 
issues to ING
Results were plotted on one axis:  
the potential impact of issues to ING
2.2 – what matters most 
to us: materiality continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
16


Page 18:
2.3 – Stakeholder engagement
our approach to stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder engagement takes many forms and it can be formal  
and informal. Rather than having one-off consultations around specific 
topics, we prefer to take an integrated approach towards stakeholder 
engagement. this means that we have an on-going dialogue about  
our role in society, our products and services, our business performance 
and other issues. this is done at both the business unit and Group level.
the instruments we use to conduct this dialogue include regular information 
sessions for private and corporate clients on customer protection; 
stakeholder dialogues on topics like financial regulation and corporate 
responsibility; representations in various international bodies; roundtable 
sessions with policymakers and academics; frequent bilateral contacts  
with regulatory and government authorities, civil society organisations 
(including non-governmental organisations, labour unions and industry 
associations); press conferences; frequent conference calls; technical 
briefing sessions; and road shows for journalists, analysts, rating agencies 
and investors. we also use surveys, in-depth interviews and focus groups.
the business case for stakeholder engagement
by engaging with our stakeholders we ensure that we understand the key 
issues of the individuals and organisations that are most concerned with 
and exert the greatest influence over our business. the immediate benefits 
of stakeholder dialogue include the opportunity to co-create high-impact 
solutions, product and process improvements, based on different 
perspectives and competencies:
 — Informing our decision-making process
 — Improving our understanding of developments in the world  
in which we operate
 — prioritising and balancing stakeholder needs
 — opportunities to address and act upon stakeholder concerns
 — Regaining trust.
membeRShIp oF INteRNAtIoNAL AND INDuStRY oRGANISAtIoNS
ING GRoup’S exteRNAL CommItmeNtS*
ING partners with the following organisations:
 — uNICeF
ING eNDoRSeS (IS SIGNAtoRY oF):
 — the universal Declaration of human Rights
 — the Core Conventions of the International Labour  
organisation (ILo) 
 — principles for Responsible Investment (pRI)
 — principles for Sustainable Insurance (pSI)**
 — principles for Investors for Inclusive Finance (pIIF)
 — CDp (Carbon Disclosure project)
 — Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
 — Children’s Rights and business principles (CRbp)
 — Global Investor Statement on Climate Change 
 — Global education First Initiative
 — eu transparency Register
 — Code of Conduct of the Society of european Affairs  
professionals (SeAp)
 — Lobbying register of the house of Representatives  
of the Netherlands
 — wolfsburg Group principles.
ING IS A membeR oF:
 — International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)
 — united Nations environmental programme Finance Initiative (uNep FI)
 — uNep Finance Initiative Climate Change working Group  
(uNep FI CCwG)
 — uNep Finance Initiative work Stream Social Issues
 — united Nations Global Compact***
 — the Academy of business and Society (AbIS)
 — Leaders for Nature network
 — equator principles Association (ep)
 — thun Group of banks
 — Association for Financial markets in europe
 — Centre for european policy Studies – european Capital  
markets Institute
 — european Financial services Round table
 — International Capital market Association
 — Institute of International Finance
 — Dutch Social Investment Forum (vbDo)
 — International Corporate Governance Network (ICGN) 
 — the european Fund and Asset management Association (eFAmA) 
 — CRo Forum, Sustainability working Group.
*  this is an overview of our international affiliations. Country offices and business 
units will have their own memberships at local and regional levels.
** For our pSI progress report, please refer to pages 102-103.
*** Reference to uN Global compact table, pages 104-105.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
17


Page 19:
ING’s position on key issues  
highlighted by stakeholders in 2013
we are keeping up with and responding to developments in the world 
around us. many of our stakeholders also sought our views on these 
issues. based on our materiality assessment, this section summarises  
how we addressed some of these topics throughout the year.
StAKehoLDeR eNGAGemeNt oN mAteRIAL topICS
mAteRIAL topIC: bASIC SeRvICeS AND CuStomeR CeNtRICItY
exteRNAL CoNtext ING’S poSItIoN
Consumer protection 
In 2013, the european Commission continued its legislative efforts to 
improve consumer protection in financial services, particularly with regard 
to mortgage credit, investment products and bank accounts. In addition  
to eu legislative proposals, various local initiatives to increase consumer 
protection took place. In the Netherlands, a general duty of care for 
financial services providers has been introduced in the Financial Supervision 
Act as of 1 January 2014 as a result of consistent jurisprudence over the 
recent years. 
An important element of our customer suitability approach is our 
commitment to be transparent on the determination of prices, fees and 
rates. our ultimate goal is for all stakeholders to trust that ING charges  
a reasonable price (value for money) for its products and services.
Security of online banking systems and privacy protection 
Security of online banking systems and protection of privacy is becoming 
increasingly urgent with the rapid growth in the delivery of financial  
services through online and mobile channels. the Distributed Denial  
of Service (DDoS) attacks on (Dutch) banks in April 2013 made clear  
that the investments to defend our customers, information and delivery 
systems is more necessary than ever.
the growth of electronic distribution and communication channels has 
increased the speed and convenience with which our customers can 
interact with us. we are committed to providing this convenience without 
compromising security standards. ING has comprehensive prevention, 
detection and responsive measures in place to defend against cyber-
attacks and reduce the level of any losses.
Big data 
Recent technological developments allow for the possibility to pool large 
amounts of data and make calculations based on these data that, until 
recently, would have required too much time. this development is 
commonly known as ’big Data’. these new technologies have multiple  
uses, such as in improving the customer service or helping to prevent fraud.
the use of big Data provides many opportunities, but also calls for caution 
as we recognise that privacy is a very sensitive issue. ING will therefore  
not provide personal information to third parties that is traceable to the 
individual. ING will only use their personal information if it is permitted  
to do so. we will act in accordance with rules and regulations, as well as 
our own business principles. For more detail on the use of customer data, 
please refer to ING.com.
2.3 – Stakeholder engagement 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
18


Page 20:
mAteRIAL topIC: ReSpoNSIbLe buSINeSS
exteRNAL CoNtext ING’S poSItIoN
Controversial weapons 
Dutch law limits investments in cluster munitions as of 1 January 2013.
In February, (the Fair bank Guide and pAx) and october (pAx and 
International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear weapons (ICAN)), issued their 
respective reports on investments made in nuclear weapons companies. 
the NGo’s expressed their concern over investments made by ING in some 
nuclear weapons companies, mainly in the uS. At the same time, pAx and 
ICAN indicated: ’we commend ING for their policy and encourage them  
to further strengthen the policy’. 
In pAx’s annual overview report – ’worldwide Investments in Cluster 
munitions’ published in December, ING was included in the ’Runners-up’ 
category and ’commended for its efforts.’
In line with Dutch legal requirement, ING broadened the scope of its 
defence policy for companies with direct involvement in cluster munitions 
from proprietary assets and ING managed funds, to also include externally 
managed investment funds offered by ING.
ING applies a broad exclusion list of cluster munitions companies, including 
the indicative list as compiled by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial 
markets (AFm) in cooperation with the Dutch financial sector.
ING considers nuclear weapons to be controversial weapons as they are 
indiscriminate and are likely to hurt civilians when used. we therefore do not 
finance nuclear weapons. however, we may finance the non-controversial 
activities of high-tech companies, such as civil aviation activities.
Public debate on shale gas 
early 2013, there was increasing public concern about the potential  
negative impact of shale gas extraction.
ING does not finance shale gas production in europe. unlike in the uS,  
in europe technical feasibility and social and environmental impacts of 
shale gas production are still being assessed and discussed. this is why  
ING bank has decided to abstain from financing shale gas production  
in europe at least until year-end 2016. 
In the uS we have several energy, oil and gas companies among our 
clients. Some of them are also engaged in shale gas activities. It is our 
policy that we require from all of those companies to meet certain 
standards, such as the use of best practice in terms of techniques and 
safety standards.
Cattle transport 
In July, the Fair bank Guide and a Dutch animal welfare organisation 
(’Dierenbescherming’) issued a report about the role of banks in  
preventing animal welfare issues during the transportation of cattle.
ING is of the opinion that within the european union (eu), it should be 
able to rely on both law and supervision to adequately function according 
to societal values. If that proves not to be the case, then – within a highly 
regulated society – primarily the legislator and supervisor have a task to 
effectuate change. 
the eu Commission and the Dutch Government have shown demonstrable 
efforts to develop adequate law and regulation. Furthermore, they have 
taken measures to improve supervision on compliance therewith. For that 
reason ING decided not to go beyond current laws by applying additional 
rules to the animal transportation sector.
Land rights 
In September, ING was one of the financial institutions approached by 
Friends of the earth (Foe) expressing its concerns about the financing  
of palm oil companies. 
ING engaged with Foe and its client in the sector to facilitate engagement 
amongst them. our client responded to the concerns raised, issuing a 
manifest early December. Furthermore, the company showed to be willing 
to engage with its stakeholders, both in Asia and in europe in a round 
table to be organised early 2014. 
In November, ING participated in a round table hosted by the Dutch 
minister for Foreign trade and Development Cooperation about land rights.
2.3 – Stakeholder engagement 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
19


Page 21:
mAteRIAL topIC: ReSpoNSIbLe buSINeSS CoNtINueD
exteRNAL CoNtext ING’S poSItIoN
Land rights 
In october, oxfam issued its statement broadcasted at Dutch tv that 
several financial institutions including ING, financed a company scrutinised 
for operating an alleged controversial sugar mill in brazil.
ING issued a statement not to finance any agricultural projects operated  
by the company in brazil. ING does finance the trade of the companies’ 
agri commodity products, like sugar, to the international market. As such, 
we engaged with the company and received its confirmation that the 
company would not renew its sugarcane contracts as they were to expire, 
starting in 2013. 
Furthermore, the company confirmed to respect any brazilian governmental 
decision with regard to land ownership of the debated plantations. 
Transparency 
In November, the Fair bank and Insurance Guides conducted a survey 
’transparency and Accountability’. NN Group received positive feedback, 
but the conclusions for the largest banks in the Netherlands, including  
ING bank, suggested that banks are still insufficiently transparent about 
their investments.
with respect to the survey’s conclusion, we do not believe it is appropriate 
to our client relationship model to publish the names of the companies  
we finance as suggested in the survey. At the same time, we are very 
conscious of the rising level of expectations on responsible financing held 
by our customers and the public at large. to accommodate these, we try 
to be as transparent as possible about the sources of funds entrusted to  
us and their ultimate use. we work continuously to develop and improve 
our policy.
Coal 
In November, urgewald, banktrack, Cee bankwatch Network and polska 
Zielona Sie´ c issued their report ’banking on Coal’ describing investments  
in coal.
ING facilitates the transition to a more sustainable economy which 
produces less Co2. we finance renewable energy, advise our clients on 
energy efficiency and publish reports on the necessary transition and  
the way to finance said transition. 
please find an overview of our power projects financed on page 51.
Lobbying 
In December, Somo published its report titled ’taking lobbying public’, 
which focused on banks and their lobby activities. It stated – among  
other things – “ING provides a relatively high degree of transparency 
regarding its lobbying activities and its role in public policy development. 
more importantly, ING expresses the position it takes regarding each issue.”
our response to the report was published on our website, stating:  
“the careful consideration we give to all interests may sometimes prevent 
us from publishing all details about our contacts with supervisors or other 
stakeholders, for instance if we believe that the information we share with 
supervisors or government agencies must be kept confidential on 
competitive or supervisory grounds. For this reason, though we subscribe 
to and comply with the majority of Somo’s recommendations, we cannot 
publish information about all our contacts or standpoints on financial 
supervisory and regulatory matters.”
Human rights 
In December, the Fair bank and Insurance Guides and Amnesty International 
issued their report on banks and insurance companies financing or investing 
in natural resource companies and their engagement efforts with those 
companies to ensure human rights standards are being applied. ING bank 
performed best amongst its peer group while the Fair Insurance Guide 
suggested room for improvement for NN Group.
NN Group takes into account both financial and non-financial criteria, 
including human rights, in its investment process. our analysts and 
portfolio managers are in continuous dialogue with companies, also on 
non-financial issues. Furthermore, we act as a responsible owner by voting 
at shareholder meetings of companies. NN Group works continuously on 
improving its policy and responsible investment approach. where relevant, 
we take into consideration the insights of the Fair Insurance guide, as well 
as other sources.
2.3 – Stakeholder engagement 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
20


Page 22:
mAteRIAL topIC: FINANCIAL StAbILItY AND ReStRuCtuRING
exteRNAL CoNtext ING’S poSItIoN
Bank Structural Reform 
throughout 2013, the eu discussion on further structural reforms has 
continued. In the summer of 2013, the eC held a consultation on the  
main options under consideration for a follow-up to the Liikanen report. 
the focus of the consultation was on the structural separation of certain 
trading activities in case the size of these activities compared to a bank’s 
total activities exceeds certain thresholds. the eC is expected to come  
with a legislative proposal early 2014. 
based on the initial Liikanen report (october 2012), the separation 
proposal should not negatively affect ING’s business model. ING bank 
believes in the strength of the universal banking model, combining retail 
and commercial banking activities. the universal banking model brings 
major benefits in terms of risk diversification, capital and liquidity 
management, consumer choice, while fulfilling the needs of long-term 
customer banking relationships.
The Future of Banking 
In June 2013, a Committee of experts (’Commissie wijffels’) advised  
the Dutch government on the future structure of Dutch banking Sector.  
the Committee presented recommendations on how to make the financial 
sector more resilient and how to improve its ability to service the real 
economy. taking into account the Committee’s recommendations, the 
Dutch government released a vision document on the Dutch banking 
industry in August 2013. main features of this vision are the desire to aim 
for a higher leverage ratio of at least 4% in eu negotiations, the need for  
a reduction of the loan-to-value related to mortgages to 100% in 2018  
and 80% in the longer term, and the in-principle support for an eu 
approach towards regulating the industry.
ING answers questions from stakeholders in the debate, shares ING’s 
vision and learns from stakeholders’ view on the future of banking.  
In 2013, ING bank decided to not only respond to questions and 
suggestions, but to proactively contribute to the debate around capital 
ratios and share ING’s insights. In December for instance, two Dutch 
newspapers published contributions from wilfred Nagel, ING bank’s  
chief risk officer, and Koos timmermans, ING bank’s vice chairman.
ING bank has partnered with Debating europe, an online debate platform. 
In 2013, the debates have been about what europeans want from banks 
and whether the eu should better regulate cross-border banking. 
2.3 – Stakeholder engagement 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
21


Page 23:
2.4 – our sustainability roadmap
Development of two distinctive 
sustainability strategies and 
teams ING bank and NN Group
Creation of ING 
Groenbank to 
provide loans to 
environmentally 
friendly projects
First eSR policy; exclusion 
of burma/myanmar
ING signatory 
to the pSI
Launch of Global voting policy
Creation of ING 
personnel donation fund
Introduction of the 
ING business principles
Start of the Sustainable 
Lending team
Improved sustainability 
focus through materiality
Launch of ING 
Sustainable equity fund
Further development eSR 
framework and adoption 
of equator principles
Founding of the ING Chances for Children 
programme and global partnership with uNICeF
Start carbon 
offsetting
ING signatory  
uN Global Compact
eSR framework extended in 
scope to all business products
ING Im signatory to the pRI
Renewable power financed outgrows 
coal power financed in project finance 
power and utilities portfolio
Integration of sustainability into the 
personal accountability and performance 
objectives of senior management 
Launch of the employee Charity Fund in 
the Netherlands
Creation of stakeholder expectations map
Launch of the ING Sustainable Credit fund
publication of our first 
environmental Annual Report 1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2003
2005
2004
2007
2006
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
22


Page 24:
5  p romoting responsible lending  
and investment practices 39
5.1  p romoting responsible lending  
and investment practices: at a glance 40
5.2 Setting our standards 41
5.3  e nvironmental and social risk in practice 43
5.4  o ffering sustainable products and services  
at ING bank 49
5.5 Responsible investment at NN Group 52
5.6 Sustainable assets allocated 57
5.7 p rogress report 59
6 Improving environmental performance 60
6.1 Improving environmental performance: at a glance 61
6.2 Driving efficiency 62
6.3 Sustainable procurement 64
6.4  m onitoring and reporting  
environmental performance 66
6.5 p rogress report 70
7 e ngaging our employees 71
7.1 e ngaging our employees: at a glance 72
7.2 b eing a responsible employer 73
7.3 building a professional and accountable culture 75
7.4 p romoting an inclusive and balanced culture 77
7.5 m easuring our performance as an employer 79
7.6 p rogress report 80
8 Creating positive change in communities  84
8.1  Creating positive change in communities:  
at a glance 86
8.2 e ducating children 87
8.3  p romoting financial empowerment  
and entrepreneurship 89
8.4 Support for local themes 91
8.5 p rogress report 93
9 Governance and compliance 96
Contents in this section
 DeLIveRING oN ouR CommItmeNtS 23
3 o ur sustainability performance 24
3.1 p rogress report 25
3.2 e xternal review of ING’s sustainability performance 27
4 e nhancing customer centricity 28
4.1 e nhancing customer centricity: at a glance 29
4.2 p utting customers’ interest first 30
4.3 h elping customers manage their financial future 32
4.4 m aking basic financial services accessible 34
4.5 m easuring customer satisfaction 36
4.6 p rogress report 37
Delivering on  
our commitments
the following pages offer an 
overview of our performance on 
each of our strategic areas of focus. 
we share the actions we have taken 
against the goals we set ourselves 
back in 2012, and assess how  
we have delivered against these. 
more detail and comments are 
available in each of the following 
dedicated chapters.
23
23
ING GRoup SuStAINAbILItY RepoRt 2013

Page 25:
3 – our sustainability 
performance
we have been tracking and 
monitoring our sustainability 
performance since 1995.  
by evaluating our performance  
and setting goals for the years 
ahead, we are able to improve our 
track record and set future targets.
Contents in this chapter
3 o ur sustainability performance 24
3.1 p rogress report 25
3.2  e xternal review of ING’s  
sustainability performance 27
we set ourselves goals in line with our sustainability priorities to  
provide clarity and focus not only for the future, but also for the present.  
Reflective of the big organisational changes that we have had this year, 
two independent sustainability teams have been established to support  
the bank and Insurance business units. In the coming months, the teams 
will reassess how we structure and direct our efforts towards sustainability 
targets aligned with their business priorities. we intend to share the 
resulting strategy and KpIs over the course of 2014. 
For the sake of continuity, we have carried over the shared sustainability 
targets for this reporting cycle and communicate our progress on the 
specific areas in the chapters.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
24


Page 26:
the progress report below lists the actions we undertook and the plans we developed in 2013 to meet the sustainability goals we set in 2012.  
we assessed to what extent we believe we have achieved the goals, which is shown graphically (four orange arrows (»») mean we reached the target 
fully; two arrows (») mean we partially met the target). Additional information on the initiatives can be found in the various chapters of this report.
eNhANCING CuStomeR CeNtRICItY
Ambition: providing accessible and easy-to-understand products and services which help our customers manage their financial future.
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID StAtuS
we will work on offering insights, 
tools and programmes to improve 
customers’ decision making
77% of our retail banking business units offer insights, tools and programmes to improve 
customers’ financial decision-making
two additional countries within NN Group introduced the Financial personality test;  
totalling to nine 
we further develop thought 
leadership on financial education
11 financial education platforms are currently active across our retail banking business units
two ING International Surveys were published regarding ’homes & mortgages’ and ’Savings’
we will increase accessibility for 
customers with special needs
85% of our retail banking business units of products or services to special segments
38% of our retail banking business units offer programmes or policies for customers  
in financial distress
three business units at NN Group offer concepts on breast cancer insurance cover  
for women (like ’For You’)
we strive to improve the overall 
customer satisfaction
our customer-centric focus has resulted in 11 retail banking business units achieving first  
or second place in NpS compared with competitors
NN Group’s customer focus approach resulted in increasing NpS scores and several awards 
won by multiple countries
pRomotING ReSpoNSIbLe LeNDING AND INveStmeNt pRACtICeS
Ambition: promoting sustainable finance and investment decisions that will contribute to healthier and more stable economies.
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID StAtuS
expand our environmental and  
Social Risk (eSR) policy framework 
and promote eSR in the sector
we strengthened the implementation of our eSR framework, by embedding it in the client 
on boarding process and transaction approval process in our systems. During 2013, we 
increased our focus on human rights protection, specifically drawing attention to the rights 
of children in several sector-based policies arising from our support of the Children’s Rights  
and business principles. In addition, we reorganised these policies, to include energy, and 
mining and metals as separate categories
At ING Investment management, we increased our voting activities and expanded eSG 
information and analysis in the investment cases
we aim to increase our Sustainable 
Assets Allocated and increase the 
amount of sustainable products 
offered
our Sustainable Assets Allocated increased with euR 845 million, which underlines  
our client’s appetite for products and services that apply sustainability criteria
23% of our retail business units offer products or services that have a direct social  
or environmental benefit
ING Investment management launched a new fund in 2013, the ING (L) Investment europe 
Sustainable equity fund
3.1 – progress report
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
25


Page 27:
ImpRovING eNvIRoNmeNtAL peRFoRmANCe
Ambition: minimising the impact of our operations on the environment.
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID StAtuS
we will focus on lowering our  
direct environmental footprint
In 2013, the total extrapolated amount of carbon emissions from our business operations 
decreased from 209 to 169 kilotonnes compared to 2012 and per Fte from 2.4 to 2.2 tonnes
we will increase the scope of  
our sustainability procurement 
programme
we have developed a new ING bank procurement Charter. this charter defines the 
governing principles for organising, managing and conducting procurement activities 
globally. In 2013, we focused on implementing our principles of sustainable procurement 
throughout our global supply chain
NN Group adopted a new procurement policy covering updated sustainability requirements 
based on the uN Global Compact
eNGAGING ouR empLoYeeS
Ambition: Creating a great working environment that encourages our people to develop their skills, grow personally and professionally and achieve their 
full potential.
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID StAtuS
we will invest in opportunities  
for the personal and professional 
development of our employees
At ING bank we spent euR 60 million and at NN Group euR 14 million on training  
and development for our employees, as supplied by external parties
we aim to improve the  
engagement of our employees
For ING bank the engagement score is measured in the wpC survey. the response rate  
was 81%. the overall score was 74%*, showing a slight improvement over last year (73%)
At NN Group the engagement score is measured in the YeS survey. the response rate  
was 82%. the overall engagement score was 67%, showing a slight decrease compared  
to last year (70%)
*  In 2012 ING bank introduced a Sustainable engagement score based on nine questions and for which we had an index of 73% in 2012 and 74% in 2013. the score in 2012 
using the previous methodology of four questions was 68%.
CReAtING poSItIve ChANGe IN CommuNItIeS
Ambition: positively contributing to society by supporting communities worldwide.
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID StAtuS
At least one million children  
through the partnership with uNICeF 
have been reached between 2005 
and 2015
the total funds raised in 2013 for uNICeF amounted to euR 3,153,618. Since 2005, we have 
raised a total of euR 26.7 million, which has enabled uNICeF to reach more than 888,990 
children. we will do our utmost to reach our goal of one million children
our total charitable giving should  
for 60% or more be targeted 
towards our focus areas children  
and education, and financial 
empowerment and entrepreneurship
58% of our charitable donations were donated to our focus areas
Develop a separate community 
investment programme for NN 
Group, in line with our business 
strategy, new brand values and 
geographic focus
we reviewed our local community investment portfolios. we also started to align with  
the new purpose and values that were launched in october 2013 in order for our new 
community investment strategy to be launched in 2014
3.1 – progress report 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
26


Page 28:
our approach to sustainability is shaped by our specific skills and expertise as a financial company, our vision of the future, and the expectations  
of our stakeholders. Reviews of our performance by sustainability research and rating agencies help us improve our strategy and policies.
exteRNAL RevIewS oF ouR SuStAINAbILItY peRFoRmANCe
Reviewer 2013 2012 2011
FTSE4Good Index Series 
(EIRIS Score)
Score: 3.8 (out of 5) 
position: Included
Score: 3.8 (out of 5) 
position: Included
Score 3.7 (out of 5) 
position: Included
Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes 
(RobecoSAM Score)
▲ Score: 76 (out of 100)  
position: Included in the DJSI 
world Index and the DJSI 
europe Index
Score 69 (out of 100) 
Not included in world Index 
and europe Index
Score 72 (out of 100) 
Included in world Index.  
Not included in europe Index
CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project) ▲ Score: 96 (out of 100)  
for disclosure 
b for performance 
position: Included
Score 93 for disclosure  
(out of 100) and b  
for performance 
position: Included
Score 64 for disclosure  
(out of 100) and D  
for performance 
position: Not included
Sustainalytics ▼ Score: 75 (out of 100) 
position: 6 (out of 196)
financial peers
Score 77 (out of 100) 
position: 3 (out of 148 
financial peers)
Score 82 (out of 100) 
position: 1 (out of 135 
financial peers)
’Transparantie Benchmark’ (NL) ▲ Score: 188 
position: 13 (out of 483)
Score: 185 
position: 13 (out of 472)
Score: 179 
position: 16 (out of 500)
VBDO Benchmark Responsible Investment  
by Insurance Companies (NL)
▼ Score: 3.1* 
position: 6 (out of 29)
Score 4.3 
position: 5 (out of 29)
Score: 2.0 
position: 11 (out of 30)
Oekom Research ▲ C 
Investment Grade
C-   
below Investment Grade
C- 
below Investment Grade
Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 Index 
(Vigeo)
▲ Score: 53 (out of 100) 
position: Included
Score: not disclosed 
position: Included
n/a
* Due to change in methodology, not comparable with previous scores.
3.2 – external review of ING’s 
sustainability performance
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
27


Page 29:
4 – enhancing 
customer centricity
Ian Bright
Senior economist at ING bank
the ING International Survey (IIS) aims to gain a better understanding of 
how retail customers, and potential customers, of ING bank around the 
globe spend, save, invest and feel about money. 
What is the primary motivation for the annual  
ING International Survey?
It is our mission to set the standard for helping our customers manage 
their financial future. For us to effectively deliver on this mission, we need 
to first understand how people really manage their money. we conduct 
the survey across at least 12 countries on a sample of around 1,000 adults 
per country on different topics related to personal finance and publicly 
share the results. by asking what people are actually doing and by testing 
theories of how people behave in certain financial contexts, we will be 
better informed when we design products and determine how we service 
our customers. For example, subjects like ’what percentage of the 
population in a country have savings?’ and ’do people consider payment 
by debit cards and credit cards different from paying actual cash?’ can  
help us understand basic financial behaviour. 
What have been the primary focus areas for the survey  
and the outcomes?
we have a cycle of three topics that we focus on: savings; homes  
and mortgages; and mobile banking and new payment technologies.  
by focusing on these key areas, we can understand how consumer 
attitudes and behaviours are evolving across different market segments. 
For example, we were able to reconfirm the rapid adoption of mobile 
banking technology, which helped us prioritise this as a strategic focus  
area and offer mobile banking across all our markets. 
In our survey of savings across europe, that we have now conducted for 
three years in a row, we have identified a sizeable proportion who respond 
’I do not have any savings’ on the survey. the importance of recognising 
this is that it helps us recognise the fragility of the financial position of 
segments of the population. by simply being aware of this fragility, we  
can change the way we anticipate and act on our role as a financial 
partner to our customers. 
In the context of a post-2008 financial world, we included homes and 
mortgages as a key topic in our survey. our approach to this topic goes 
beyond just investigating if people can ’afford’ a mortgage, to asking our 
respondents what their housing dreams are. Living in a ’dream home’ is 
important for most people in europe. by getting a better sense of their 
aspirations on what is probably the biggest and longest financial 
commitment they make during their lives, we can help them to 
build their dream in a realistic and responsible manner.
we provide accessible and easy-to-
understand products and services  
to help our customers manage their 
financial future. we strive to make 
sure our services remain affordable 
and we proactively consider our 
customers’ personal circumstances 
to accompany them on their 
financial journey.
Contents in this chapter
4 e nhancing customer centricity 28
4.1 e nhancing customer centricity: at a glance 29
4.2 p utting customers’ interest first 30
4.3 h elping customers manage their financial future 32
4.4 m aking basic financial services accessible 34
4.5 m easuring customer satisfaction 36
4.6 p rogress report 37
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
28


Page 30:
hIGhLIGhtS
 — we offer mobile banking services in all our retail markets
 — 77% of retail units offer tools to enhance financial literacy
 — 85% of our retail units offer products or services to special  
needs segments
 — NN Group’s customer focus approach resulted in increasing  
NpS scores and several awards by multiple countries
 — 11 retail banking business units achieving first or second place  
in NpS compared with competitors
4.1 – enhancing 
customer centricity: 
at a glance
our approach
ING’s mission is to set the standard in helping our customers manage and 
secure their financial future. Accordingly, our customers are at the heart  
of everything we do and the focal point for all our decisions. to service our 
customers in the best way, in recent years we have made a decisive move 
from product centricity to customer centricity. 
to us, enhancing the customer experience means being accessible at  
all times, listening to the needs of our customers, following up on their 
expectations, and offering them products and services that are in their 
best interests. the result is that we help create a stronger financial future 
for our customers. 
Focus areas
enhancing the customer experience remains a key priority, whilst we  
also deal with a rapidly changing financial environment from a regulatory 
and technology perspective. our main areas of focus regarding our 
customers are:
 — putting our customers’ interests first
 — helping customers to stay one step ahead
 — making financial services accessible
 — measuring customer satisfaction.
ouR RepoRtING FRAmewoRK
ouR CommItmeNt  S ImpLeR  St RoNGeR  Su StAINAbLe
Enhancing customer 
centricity
we aim to offer simple and 
appropriate products and services, 
at a fair price for retail clients. 
to do so, we maintain dialogue 
with our customers. we are 
transparent, including about the 
pricing of our products and how  
we invest customers’ savings.
Individuals and business owners 
have to make many critical financial 
decisions. Yet, research shows that 
many are under-prepared to make 
these decisions. 
by enhancing the financial skills of 
our customers, and equipping them 
with the skills to foresee and 
anticipate scenarios, we help them 
create a stronger financial future.
Financial services can open many 
opportunities to individuals and 
businesses. we endeavour to be 
increasingly inclusive in providing 
access to our financial products and 
services by responding to the gaps 
identified in the channel and format 
of delivery.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
29


Page 31:
we engage with customers in order to gain honest and constructive 
feedback. this enables us to provide them with the products and services that 
suit them best. our aim to enhance the customer experience does not mean 
that we automatically execute what the customer wants; we continuously 
keep the customers interest first in our business decisions and advise.
based on our business principles, the ’Five ING Customer Golden Rules’ 
form a key component in our approach towards customer centricity.  
we have used these rules since 2009 and they are an integral part of our 
product Approval and Review process (pARp). through this process, we 
strive to make sure that all products and services meet our requirements 
for doing business. For more information about the Five ING Customer 
Golden Rules, please refer to page 19 of the Annual Report.
ING bank: ’operational excellence’  
in our products and service 
we strive to align our systems, structure and processes to deliver the best 
customer experience in a cost-effective way. For example, ING in the 
Netherlands is improving customer service by focusing on easy-to-use 
operational processes. ten simple principles have been applied, such as 
’never ask the customer for information we already have’. In 2013, the  
first results of simplifying our customer operational processes were realised. 
An example is the simplification of the child and youth account opening 
process by reducing the number of questions from 28 to 4 clicks.
Similarly, ING Luxembourg reduced by 80% the time it takes for corporate 
customers to access the bank’s website and improved the online account 
opening process for retail customers with one of the 10 principles  
’first time right’.
25%
of the customers in the Czech Republic  
have an active savings account on the  
same day of opening
ING bank in the Czech Republic introduced a savings account, ING Konto, 
with a simplified opening process. Customers can apply online and the 
account can be activated rapidly. Around 25% of customers have an active 
account on the same day, with 34% sending their first credit the same day. 
this new account also allows ING to save 45% on printing costs and has 
also led to a more efficient workforce, with employees now able to spend 
time on other projects.
An important driver of operational excellence in our products and services is 
our Retail Standards board, which is composed of the most senior leaders in 
the Retail banking organisation. It sets standards in retail banking, creating 
and nurturing a sustainable knowledge-sharing culture throughout the bank. 
Driven by the Retail Standards board, progress was made in exchanging 
best practices and knowledge sharing. For example, seven business units 
now use the same tool for listening to social media conversations. the web 
care teams in all business units have been organised along the same lines, 
using the Netherlands’ model. 
NN Group: ’operational excellence’  
in our products and service
NN Group strives to offer an excellent customer experience, with all 
customer interactions treated as critical assessment points. For example, 
our insurance businesses in europe use a programme to identify the key 
customer interaction points such as purchases, anniversaries, claims, 
lifestyle changes and contact changes. the business then strives to ensure 
that customers receive excellent service at each point through customer 
experience improvement plans. progress is measured through customer 
satisfaction surveys. 
our life insurance business in the Netherlands is lowering costs by 
streamlining its processes and systems, and improving the customer 
experience focusing on the moments-of-truth. In Spain, a new customer 
website was launched including a self-service portal with improved 
functionality; policies can now be delivered within two days of application. 
In the Czech Republic, 80% of claims are processed within five days.
easy to understand 
one of our key priorities is to provide products and services that are easy  
to understand. Not only through our communications and the guidance 
we provide, but also by making our product offer less extensive.
For example, ING-Diba Germany has stayed true to its mission during 2013 
to be simple and uncomplicated. An easy-to-understand product range, 
with only 10 different products, offered with the highest service, 24 hours  
a day, have been the ingredients for meeting all main needs of their retail 
banking customers. they also launched an initiative, aiming at making all  
its letters easier to understand. this, in turn, should lead to fewer additional 
inquiries and, consequently, to a better customer experience. 
ING belgium launched a new version of home’bank in 2013, the bank’s 
online banking service, which allows customers to manage their banking 
wherever and whenever they want. Fully integrated with the ING.be 
website, it provides easier navigation, more product information and  
a clear overview of the different functions. 
our insurance businesses aim to ensure that customers fully understand their 
policies, as policy documents are traditionally known to be complicated.  
In Greece, ING designed the policy documents for orange Cross, a new 
health product, to make it as clear, simple, and understandable as possible.
4.2 – putting customers’ 
interest first
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
30


Page 32:
Responding to the requests of our customers on increasing transparency and 
simplicity, NN Group has guided employees in turkey to build a fresh Client 
portal. Furthermore, insurance businesses in poland and Spain have unified 
their policy anniversary letters, according to their transparency model. 
Among other advantages, these one-pagers show the most important 
financial data for the customer, the specific coverage of their contracts, 
investment details and advice on how to best manage their products.
Case study  uNIt-LINKeD INSuRANCe pRoDuCtS
In 2008 ING’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries reached an agreement to 
offer compensation to customers who purchased certain unit-linked 
policies in the past. In 2012, Nationale-Nederlanden stepped up its 
total compensation for customers with individual unit-linked policies, 
aligned with the ’best-in-class’ criteria formulated by the Dutch 
ministry of Finance. early 2013, all customers were informed about 
their compensation.
As of January 2013, all our unit-linked insurance products have seen 
a further reduction of maximum costs to 1.25% per year for the 
remaining term of the policy. Despite these measures, the challenging 
market circumstances influenced the performance of the investment-
linked performance product. It is expected that some customers might 
not reach their financial goals set.
Next to executing the compensation scheme, all customers have been 
offered the possibility to change or adapt the product without cost. 
Several options are possible, like adjustment of the premium, risk 
coverage or investment. Customers can also switch to another product 
that better fits their personal financial situation and wishes.
Netherlands Life updated the consumer website  
(www.nn-beleggingsverzekering.nl), hosted information evenings 
throughout the country and put advertisements in national 
newspapers encouraging customers to enter into dialogue on this 
subject with their insurance advisor. In addition, we proactively 
contacted client groups that are considered to be more financially 
vulnerable with respect to their investment-linked insurance product. 
It is our goal to assist our clients in making a conscious decision about 
whether to continue, modify or terminate the policy. we see this as a 
joint responsibility of advisors and insurers to encourage the individual 
consumer in making an informed choice. we will continue our 
proactive approach in 2014.
Listening to our customers
we constantly engage with customers and regulators to gain feedback to 
improve our performance. under our well-established Net promoter Score 
(NpS) programme, some 250,000 ING bank customers in the Netherlands 
a year provide opinions on their customer experience. we inform 
customers on how we follow up this feedback via a dedicated page on our 
website. Across NN Group, NpS has gathered a total of around 400,000 
responses from customers and we are working hard to act on each of 
them. In Czech Republic, for instance, customer feedback has led to 
improvements including the rebuilding of the claims process, which led  
to a 30% increase in their NpS in 2013.
the NpS programme at Nationale-Nederlanden in the Netherlands is 
offering customers – through one of the concluding questions in the 
survey – to have their feedback published on their website. It is a dedicated 
section in which the aim is to be as transparent as possible, hence it is 
called ’open’. there it shows all feedback of customers, whether it is 
positive or negative.
we engage with our customers through a range of channels, including 
social media. All business units listen to conversations that are held in social 
media. the conversations are captured by dedicated tools and analysed  
by internal teams and are combined with other customer feedback we 
receive, such as complaints. this supports continuous processes and 
services improvement. 
For example, ING Direct Italy used social media monitoring in 2013  
to become a more customer-centric organisation. by observing online 
discussions, they learned that people who open a new account expect to 
receive all documentation within three days, compared to the seven days 
required by ING Direct Italy. Accordingly, the business changed its internal 
processes and new customers now receive all documentation by email 
within 24 hours.
In 2013, both ING bank and Nationale-Nederlanden obtained the Dutch 
’Gouden oor erkenning’, an award for listening to customers and 
complaints management in the Netherlands.
4.2 – putting customers’ interest first 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
31


Page 33:
most european countries and their citizens experienced strong economic 
headwinds in 2013, as well as a sharp increase in unemployment and 
corporate bankruptcies, similarly increasing people’s insecurity about the 
future. Consequently, we pay special attention to helping customers stay  
a step ahead and create a secure future for themselves.
enhancing financial capability at ING bank
It is in our interest that customers are informed, and realistic and sensible 
when it comes to their financial capability and possibilities. we are 
investing in providing online and offline insights, tools, and programmes  
to enhance the financial capability of our customers. 
11
financial  
education 
platforms
ING’s online platform ezonomics combines ideas around financial 
education, personal finance and behavioural economics to produce  
regular and practical information about the way people manage their 
money – and how this can affect their lives. the aim is to make economic 
information more accessible to non-specialists and show how it can 
influence how we live now and in the future. this table provides a 
snapshot of other financial education platforms launched by ING bank  
in various countries:
4.3 – helping customers 
manage their financial future
SNApShot oF FINANCIAL eDuCAtIoN pLAtFoRmS
Business Type Description
ING Bank Netherlands website 
’mijn Geld’
Creates awareness of financial matters and provides information about 
financial products
ING Direct France Corporate blog 
’Le blog’
provides information about financial products and financial education
ING Direct Spain Corporate blog 
’ennaranja’
provides information about financial products and financial education
ING Direct Italy Corporate blog 
’vocearancio’
Shares smart savings tips
ING-Diba Germany website 
’Finanzversteher’
provides information about financial products and financial education
Corporate blog 
’wissenswertes’
provides information about financial products and financial education
ING-Diba Austria website 
’Gut mit Geld’
Creates awareness of financial matters and of Commercial banking’s Lending 
Services as part of an employee engagement programme at ING-Diba in 
Austria. the website won the preferred bank Award, an internal ING award
ING Bank Poland website 
’Zafinansowani’
Creates awareness of financial matters and provides information about 
financial products
ING Bank Belgium website 
’Savings & Investment guide’
online platform offering information and tools to get to most out of your savings
ING Direct Australia Corporate blog blog featuring the executive board discussing financial topics
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
32


Page 34:
enhancing financial capability at NN Group
we invest in financial education and awareness-building campaigns  
and tools to help our customers understand the advantages and risks 
associated with insurance products and services, and therefore make  
more informed decisions. 
NN Group continued initiatives to increase customer awareness of the 
importance of securing their financial futures. turkey and Romania 
launched the Financial personality test (providing relevant insights on how 
people behave around finances and how their behaviour can be improved), 
bringing the total number of countries that launched this platform to nine. 
the number of people taking the test across these countries increased by 
38% compared to 2012, to a total of 320,000.
320,000 
people in nine countries 
completed our Financial 
personality test
In the Netherlands, Nationale-Nederlanden introduced a new website  
that provides elaborate information on pensions, www.thuisinpensioen.nl. 
this fits in the objective to help customers make informed decisions about 
their financial future throughout their lives.
ING Investment management (ING Im) wants to help customers become 
’financially fit’ and launched a new website www.fitvermogen.nl during 
2013. ’Fitvermogen’, which translates as ’healthy assets’, is a simple, 
attractive retail website offering ING Im investment funds. with insight  
into the likelihood of achieving the investment objective, risk profile of the 
portfolio and the expected return, ING Im aims to give customers more 
control over their investments and make investing easier. It will evolve every 
six months, based on customer feedback. In forthcoming releases, the 
platform will be extended with asset management solutions specifically 
tailored to certain needs.
being a strong partner for  
our customers in difficult times
In 2013, ING bank in the Netherlands actively engaged with 20,000 Dutch 
homeowners who were potentially in financial difficulties.
20,000
home owners in potential 
financial difficulty proactively 
contacted by ING bank  
in the Netherlands
38%
of our retail banking business 
units offer programmes  
or policies for customers  
in financial distress
Against the background of a subdued housing market in the Netherlands, 
ING bank introduced an online ’stress test’ which helps homeowners 
improve their financial planning. Additionally, an online tool (’Afloswijzer’) 
was launched to help customers decide whether to save or pay off  
their mortgage. 
Customers in the Netherlands can now also call a mortgage hotline for 
financial advice or take an online test to gain an insight into their mortgage 
situation. Furthermore, ING is introducing an online test to identify 
whether a homeowner’s mortgage requires attention. If this is the case, 
homeowners are informed about measures they can take to prevent 
possible problems.
Nationale-Nederlanden introduced a new scheme for first-time buyers. 
this is an innovative mortgage pledge service (hypotheektoezegging).  
In the Netherlands, an offer on a house is typically contingent upon  
the potential buyers being able to arrange the funding. buyers typically 
enter into a conditional contract without having any certainty on their 
acceptance with a mortgage provider. with the hypotheektoezegging 
Nationale-Nederlanden introduces a service in which, after a stringent 
onboarding process, first-time buyers receive an upfront commitment that 
they will be accepted as a new customer and they also receive a written 
confirmation of the amount Nationale-Nederlanden is willing to provide  
as mortgage. the commitment is conditional upon the absence of 
subsequent changes in the personal circumstances and the acceptance of 
the house as collateral for the mortgage. having a mortgage commitment 
in advance provides clarity and gives first-time homebuyers confidence as 
they negotiate the potential purchase of a house.
4.3 – helping customers manage  
their financial future continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
33


Page 35:
Increased accessibility through online channels
ING bank adapts to the changing needs of customers, who increasingly 
want instant insight into their financial situation and future. we have 
therefore made mobile banking services available for retail customers in all 
countries where the technology is present. mobile banking also contributes 
to the paperless delivery of our products and services, reducing our own 
and our customer’s environmental footprint. the rapid shift to mobile is 
also impacting Commercial banking. 
mobile banking developments in 2013 included:
 — ING Romania launched an app for making contactless payments  
by smartphone
 — ING Australia’s new mobile app won the 2013 ’mobile Award’
 — ING vysya bank released an app that increases its reach into remote 
cities and rural areas
 — ING Italy’s mobile app is now used by 50% of its customers just  
one year after launch.
50%
of ING Italy customers  
use the mobile app  
one year after its launch
In 2013, NN Group has made clear progress in introducing a number  
of online platforms to make insurance more accessible and easier to use.  
In Romania new functions in myING, the first self-service portal in the  
local life insurance market, were introduced. In turkey, the website was 
re-launched with more functions, and the client portal’s self-service 
capability was enhanced; in addition, a mobile application was introduced 
to give customers access to their accounts at any time and wherever they 
are. Nationale-Nederlanden added new savings and loan products to its 
direct offering, which clearly demonstrates its commitment to being easy 
to deal with. Customers can now submit a request for a savings account  
in less than three minutes, whilst the application for a loan is followed up 
with an offer within one business day.
Greater accessibility through online channels comes with increased risks. 
During the last five years, crime has moved into cyberspace and is now  
at the forefront of corporate concerns. that is why security and anti-
cybercrime efforts remained an important priority in all of ING bank’s 
business units. In 2013, the Cybercrime taskforce was launched, creating  
a common framework and implementing best practices for combatting 
cybercrime and e-banking fraud.
Services for people with extra needs
we aim to offer our products to all segments of society, including 
physically challenged people. For example, our Atms are adapted for  
the visibly challenged and we are moving towards barrier-free access to  
all our branches. ING bank belgium has committed to improving branch 
accessibility for physically challenged people. by the year-end, more than 
600 branches had been renovated to meet this objective.
600
branches of ING belgium  
have barrier-free access
because we understand that many customers have demanding schedules 
and don’t always have the opportunity to visit us during regular working 
hours, we have extended opening hours of our branches at ING bank  
in the Netherlands.
Financial inclusion
many financial products and services target regular customers, such as 
people in-work with existing financial capability and ambitions. our view  
is that financial services should also be accessible to those in earlier or later 
stages of their lives. Financial inclusion means developing products and 
services for minority or marginalised segments in society such as the  
elderly or young people. In India, ING offers farmers a range of products, 
including the ’Kisan’ Credit Card, to cover their credit requirements at the 
pre- and post-harvest stages. we also offer customised products for 
various agricultural activities.
4.4 – making basic 
financial services accessible
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
34


Page 36:
Case study  ReAChING the uNbANKeD IN INDIA
What is the challenge?
A large portion of the Indian population does not have access to 
financial services. Information technology has enabled a more 
efficient, accurate and timely management of banking transactions, 
and services like Net banking, mobile banking, ’Anytime and 
Anywhere’ banking are available to many citizens. however, farmers, 
small vendors, labourers in unorganised sectors, unemployed citizens, 
women, children, elderly and the physically challenged are still among 
the financially excluded. 
What we did
ING vysya bank in India has been working towards bridging this gap 
and providing banking services to the unbanked residents of villages 
with a population of less than 2,000. most of the residents in the 
villages have no experience of banking and are also illiterate.
ING has also partnered with a service provider to develop a model 
where the transactions for these customers are carried out using 
biometric authentication through a handheld wireless device.  
the transactions are limited to balance enquiry, funds transfer,  
cash withdrawal and deposit.
Building capacity on the ground
ING has adopted a business correspondent model, whereby we appoint 
a local resident as a business correspondent for a village or cluster of 
villages. their role is to open accounts and service customers with basic 
banking transactions. the business correspondent is supported by the 
local branch which may be located within up to 50 kilometres away.
In December 2012, our insurance business in the Czech Republic launched 
breast cancer insurance cover for women, including online access to 
information and help with cancer prevention. this has been well-received 
by customers, achieving an excellent NpS score. In 2013, Spain became  
the second country to offer this cover. our insurance business in poland 
achieved success with its ’Insure yourself and trick the cancer’ campaign, 
which was voted the best campaign in the finance category of the 
prestigious Zloty Spinacz public relations awards. the campaign was 
recognised for its corporate responsibility features, including cancer 
prevention and education about healthy living and the importance  
of regular medical examinations. 
4.4 – making basic financial 
services accessible continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
35


Page 37:
both ING bank and NN Group apply the Net promoter Score (NpS) 
methodology in nearly all countries of operation. It helps measure 
customer engagement and benchmarks us against our competitors. 
Detailed customer feedback is used to improve our internal processes  
and customer services.
Feedback through NpS creates opportunities for us to deliver better 
propositions, redesign our products, services or approach to customer service.
ING Retail Banking
our customer-centric focus has resulted in 11 countries achieving first or 
second place in NpS compared with competitors. ING bank is conducting 
NpS surveys in 11 out of 13 retail countries.
1st or 2nd
ING bank ranks 
1st or 2nd place  
in 11 countries
NpS RANKING ING bANK
2013* 2012*
ING Bank
Australia 1st 1st
Austria 2nd 2nd
Belgium 1st 1st
France 2nd 3rd
Germany 1st 1st
Italy 1st 1st
Netherlands 1st 1st
Poland 2nd 2nd
Romania** 2nd 1st
Spain 1st 1st
Turkey*** 2nd 7th
* benchmark against our local top two or three competitors.
** only one wave per year in 2012 and 2013.
***  only one wave per year in 2012 and 2013. ING bank turkey was 7th in 2012 
against 10 competitors (according to old methodology). For the new methodology 
in 2013, ING compared itself to 4 competitors.
ING Commercial Banking
Client centricity remains at the heart of Commercial banking. every year 
since 2010, hundreds of customers have participated in the Commercial 
banking Net promoter Score programme. this programme has been 
implemented in selected countries and will be further rolled out in europe, 
Russia and the uS in 2014.
Greenwich Associates conducts independent research among senior 
financial executives at the largest Dutch and belgium companies that 
confirms Commercial banking’s No. 1 position for the fourth consecutive 
year in the Netherlands and the second position in belgium. the Greenwich 
results show a significant advantage for ING over other banks in terms of 
lead relationships. ING Commercial banking’s overall quality is highly rated, 
based on the effective senior management support we offer, knowing the 
client international needs, providing creative ideas and solutions and the 
overall capabilities of relationship managers.
NN Group
our insurance businesses made clear progress in improving the customer 
experience and broadening its distribution base in 2013. New products 
and value propositions were introduced. Its customer focus approach 
resulted in increasing NpS scores and several awards won by multiple 
countries. to encourage continuous improvement in customer experience, 
our business in the Netherlands shared the customer feedback real-time 
with 1,300 employees and over 100 teams; amongst other things this 
helped to achieve an NpS score improvement of 32% in comparison with 
last year.
ING Investment management scored 7.8 which is between fairly good and 
good according to Integron in its annual client satisfaction survey, receiving 
various awards that highlighted customer centricity. on the operational 
side, it completed the transformation of its infrastructure to a simpler and 
advanced environment that enables better investment performance  
and further improves the customer experience.
4.5 – measuring 
customer satisfaction
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
36


Page 38:
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID
we will work on offering insights, tools and programmes  
to improve customers’ decision-making
77% of our retail banking business units offer insights, tools and 
programmes to improve customers’ financial decision-making
two additional countries at NN Group introduced the Financial personality 
test; totalling to nine
we further develop thought leadership on financial education 11 financial education platforms are currently active across our retail 
banking business units
two ING International Surveys were published regarding ’homes & 
mortgages’ and ’Savings’
we will increase accessibility for customers with special needs 85% of our retail banking business units of products or services to special 
segments
38% of our retail banking business units offer programmes or policies  
for customers in financial distress
three business units at NN Group offer breast cancer insurance concepts  
for women (like ’For You’)
we strive to improve the overall customer satisfaction our customer-centric focus has resulted in 11 retail banking business units 
achieving first or second place in NpS compared with competitors.
NN Group’s customer focus approach resulted in increasing NpS scores  
and several awards won by multiple countries
LooKING FoRwARD
ING Bank 
All business units will continue to focus on the customers’ needs with 
easy and fair products, with a focus on ’digital first’. they will also 
continue to provide fast and innovative responses, when and where 
required, with digital innovation remaining a top priority. A strong focus 
in 2014 will be, for example, on further developing device-independent 
facilities to ensure a maximised customer experience. this is all part of 
ING’s overall aim to help customers manage their finances, now and  
for the future.
NN Group 
the overall ambition is for customers to choose NN Group’s products  
and services based on their previous positive experience with our 
business. the priorities for the business are to be a strong, sustainable 
company, delivering excellent customer service and transparent products. 
the priorities also include providing multi-access distribution, having 
efficient and effective operations and generating capital.
 
4.6 – progress report
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
37


Page 39:
Awards 2013 ING bank
our efforts have been recognised by various organisations, confirming  
that we are well on the way to become our customers’ preferred bank. 
ING won several awards in 2013, including:
 — three ’bank of the Year’ awards for the Netherlands, belgium and 
western europe from The Banker, part of the Financial times Group. 
ING private banking was ’highly commended’ by the Financial Times
 — the ’best bank in the Netherlands’ award from Global Finance
 — the ’Customer Service online Award’ from the National Contact  
Centre Awards 2013
 — the mobile banking Campaign ’penny for your thoughts’ won the  
SAN Accent 2012 Award in the category Financial Service Industry
 — the ’Gouden oor erkenning’ for complaints management; and the 
’Complain online’ award for the fastest and best handling of 
complaints
 — ING achieved second position in the Social media monitor’s  
’best bank in the Netherlands’
 — ING Direct Australia was awarded best direct bank for customers  
by mozo
 — ING-Diba won the award for ’most popular bank of 2013’,  
according to economics magazine €uro.
Awards 2013 NN Group
our efforts have been recognised by various organisations, confirming  
that we are well on the way to enhance the customer experience.  
various business units won awards in 2013, including:
 — In the Netherlands, Nationale-Nederlanden obtained the ’Gouden oor 
erkenning’ for listening to our customers and complaints management
 — Romania’s Insurance business won awards from pRImm-Asigurari si 
pensii magazine for ’Quality of Services in Life Insurance’ and an award  
for ’excellence in Administration’ of the ING optim pension fund
 — In poland our insurance business was recognised as the most customer-
friendly insurance company, including two distinguished honours for 
their CSR campaigns
 — Japan Life received a three-star rating (out of a maximum  
of three) from hDI Japan for its after-sales call centre.
4.6 – progress report 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
38


Page 40:
5 – promoting responsible 
lending and investment practices
Erik Kemper
manager treasury and Asset management at menzis.
Why is sustainability important to Menzis?
As a large health insurer in the Netherlands, menzis plays a vital role  
to manage the rising costs of healthcare for our clients and to ensure 
affordable healthcare for the future. 
In everything we do, we adhere to the principle that sustainability is,  
and always will be, the norm. menzis applies that same principle in its 
investment portfolio. we believe that financial and social returns are not 
mutually exclusive, and can even be mutually reinforcing.
What is your relationship with ING Investment Management?
Asset management is a specialised field and the investment portfolio of 
menzis is not large enough to have its own in-house expertise with sufficient 
continuity assurances. that’s why menzis outsources the implementation  
of its asset management to investment funds and external asset managers. 
we have had a business relationship with ING Investment management 
since 2008. over the past two years, we have used their fiduciary 
management services through Integrated Client Solutions (100% owned 
by ING Im). ICS advises us on risk management, investment portfolio 
structuring and market conditions, as well as on fund manager evaluation 
and selection through Altis.
How did we add value to your investment process?
In 2013, Altis helped us with our search for a new fund manager for our 
emerging market equity investments. together with them, we set criteria 
for assessing the extent to which the asset management company is 
genuinely committed to sustainability and how eSG criteria are taken on 
board in the specific investment strategy. As well as the traditional analysis 
of the manager’s quality, Altis also provided us with a separate eSG 
’scorecard’. the ultimate test for us is whether the manager fits the 
philosophy of menzis: Sustainability is the norm.
we are careful about where and 
how we invest and aim to create 
additional value for our clients by 
embedding sustainability principles 
in the products and services we 
offer. In the long-term we want  
to deliver real long term value by 
increasing the share of sustainable 
business in our portfolios.
Contents in this chapter
5  p romoting responsible lending  
and investment practices 39
5.1  p romoting responsible lending  
and investment practices: at a glance 40
5.2 Setting our standards 41
5.3  e nvironmental and social risk in practice 43
5.4  o ffering sustainable products and services  
at ING bank 49
5.5 Responsible investment at NN Group 52
5.6 Sustainable assets allocated 57
5.7 p rogress report 59
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
39


Page 41:
5.1 – promoting 
responsible lending 
and investment 
practices: at a glance
our approach
promoting responsible lending and investment practices means creating 
value for our customers by embedding the principles of sustainability  
in our products and services. Financial risk is irrevocably intertwined with 
environmental and social risk and by integrating these together we can 
make our business simpler, stronger and more sustainable.
Focus areas
the sustainability of our business is solidified by promoting sustainable 
lending and investment practices. we do this by offering products that  
not only generate good financial results, but also serve social and 
environmental objectives and by managing the socio-environmental  
risk of our transactions and client engagements. 
our main areas of focus are:
 — Setting our standards, our policy framework
 — environmental and social risk in practice
 — offering sustainable products and services at ING bank
 — Responsible investment at NN Group.
ouR RepoRtING FRAmewoRK
ouR CommItmeNtS  S ImpLeR  St RoNGeR  Su StAINAbLe
Promoting responsible 
lending and investment 
practices
we revised our environmental  
and Social Risk (eSR) framework. 
ING bank's large corporate clients  
are now screened using easy to 
understand criteria.
At ING Investment management 
we increased transparency, 
launching a new website providing 
overview of our responsible 
investment approach, activities  
and quarterly publications.
we strengthened the 
implementation of our eSR 
framework, by further embedding 
the approval process in our systems 
and we will continue this 
implementation process in 2014.  
At ING Investment management, 
we increased voting activities and 
expanded eSG information and 
analysis in the investment cases.
Increased integration of eSR  
and environmental, Social and 
Governance (eSG) factors in our due 
diligence and investment portfolio 
analyses, enables us to anticipate and 
mitigate non-financial risks that could 
have a negative impact on society 
and ultimately on our financial and 
investment performance.
our approach commercially  
assists us to work and engage  
with companies that best address 
sustainability challenges and will  
be most successful over time.
Improved lending and investment 
decisions have led to a shift in our 
project finance power portfolio 
towards renewables, the launch  
of more sustainability-focused 
products and increased our ability 
to attract more sustainable assets 
under management.
hIGhLIGhtS
 — expanded and strengthened ING’s eSR Framework
 — euR 845 million increase in Sustainable Assets Allocated
 — First ever ING microfinance facility of euR 30 million in turkey
 — 39% of our global project finance energy portfolio is allocated  
to renewable energy deals
 — we allocate 41% of the ING bank’s balance sheet to mortgages  
and other type of loans to private individuals.
 — ING Investment management launched a new fund, the ING (L) 
Investment europe Sustainable equity fund
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
40


Page 42:
A group-wide approach: ING’s eSR framework 
with 48 million customers worldwide, our business activities can have a 
significant influence on communities and the environment. with influence 
comes responsibility. For us, this means making the right choices in how, 
where and with whom we do business – and crucially, being transparent 
about the underlying principles that guide our daily business decisions. 
to limit any negative impact our business or that of our customers might have 
on the environment and communities, we have created an environmental and 
Social Risk (eSR) framework which guides our business conduct. the eSR 
framework is a practical expression of our ING business principles and  
our group’s underlying commitment to respect human rights and the 
environment. It lays down the rules and guidelines for specific industry 
sectors, social and environmental issues, with the following key elements:
 — An activity-based exclusion policy
 — A sector-based policy
 — A customer risk assessment 
 — A transaction risk assessment. 
Scope, governance and implementation of the ESR framework
In principle, all ING activities fall within the scope of the eSR framework. 
First formalised in 2003, the framework helps us to minimise financial 
liability and reputational risk that could arise from environmental or  
social issues associated with a business engagement. It also enables us  
to engage with clients to help them improve their environmental and  
social performance. by applying our eSR framework, we aim to improve 
the environmental and social performance of our high risk customers.  
Read more about how we define all our risk outcomes on ING.com
the eSR framework has been endorsed by the Global Credit Committee 
and our management board. At an operational level, the implementation  
of eSR policies is facilitated by a dedicated environmental and Social Risk 
team (eSR Desk) integrated within the Credit Risk Department. the eSR 
Desk advises front office relationship managers, the Credit Committee, 
senior management and our customers on business transactions that are 
identified to have potential environmental or social sensitivities. A negative 
advice from the eSR Desk can only be waived by ING’s highest Credit 
Committee or the executive board. In practice, such waivers are exceptional. 
the eSR framework in detail
As a mainstream financial institution, we aim to engage with all industries 
and sectors within the economy. Not surprisingly, our portfolio embraces  
a wide spectrum of customers, from those involved in relatively sensitive 
sectors and activities to those engaged in very low risk, more sustainable 
areas. however, most customers are not involved at either extreme and 
have a reasonable degree of eSR integration in their activities. 
Activity-based exclusion policy
this policy ensures that we do not engage in activities that are not in line 
with our business principles and deals with a variety of issues that may  
be present in any sector or business, such as the production of nuclear 
weapons or online gambling activities.
we will refrain from entering into business engagements with any 
company or organisation whose principal activities are covered by our 
exclusion table. If an excluded activity forms only a minor part of a 
company’s or organisation’s total operations, we may agree to finance  
a customer’s non-controversial activities. In these cases, we will obtain 
satisfactory assurance based on the nature of the transaction, or 
confirmation stating that ING funds are not directly used to finance 
excluded activities.  
Although we recognise that the application of this policy can be 
challenging in some business areas, we aim to apply it across all our 
products and services in a consistent and systematic manner. For the 
application within our insurance and investment management business, 
please refer to the section Responsible investment at NN Group (page 52). 
For a full overview of the business activities that we will not engage in, 
please refer to ING’s eSR framework.
Sector-based policy
we acknowledge that some sectors are more likely to be associated with 
environmental and social risk and impacts than others. For customers 
operating in these sectors, we perform a dedicated eSR assessment.  
this aims to obtain an overall understanding of the customer’s approach  
to managing the environmental and social issues associated with their 
business activities, and to benchmark it against industry standards and best 
practice. we reorganised these policies, to include energy, and mining and 
metals as separate categories. During 2013, we increased our focus on 
human rights protection, specifically drawing attention to the rights of 
children in several sector-based policies arising from our support of the 
Children Right’s and business principles. we now have sector-based 
policies for the following sectors, each of which is based around customer 
and transaction assessments:
 — energy (oil and Gas, power Generation)
 — Chemicals 
 — Forestry and Agrocommodities 
 — manufacturing 
 — mining and metals.
the final decision to whether ING engages in a deal is based on the 
customer’s eSR performance and the transaction eSR risk profile. 
5.2 – Setting our standards
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
41


Page 43:
Customer risk assessment
we follow a decentralised approach to environmental and social risk 
assessment, with the screening process initiated locally and escalated to 
eSR Desk if necessary for high risk customers. the customer screening is 
embedded within the due diligence which we carry out as part of the 
customer on-boarding process. 
For customers operating in the sectors covered under the eSR sector-based 
policy, we evaluate:
1. Customer’s location/country of operations
2. Customer’s environmental and social policies 
3. environmental and social reporting and disclosure
4. track record on environmental and social issues.
For more detail on our risk assessment process, including criteria and 
frequency, please visit ING.com 
Transaction risk assessment
we carry out a similar assessment at a transaction level, taking into 
account environmental and social risks associated with the transaction.
 For transactions covered under the eSR sector-based policy, we evaluate:
 — engagement level (our services provided)
 — underlying purpose of transaction
 — Location/country of transaction.
For more detail on the transaction risk assessment process, including 
criteria and the decision-making process, please visit ING.com
The Environmental Social Risk profile
we combine the outcomes of both the Customer Risk Assessment and the 
transaction Risk Assessment to create an environmental Social Risk profile 
for each case, which provides guidance on the appropriate actions that 
should be taken. 
Training and capacity building on the expanded ESR framework
As our risk assessment processes are decentralised, each front office team 
must be highly familiar with the eSR framework. Consequently, we have 
made a significant investment in training programmes to help front office 
and risk management carry out eSR assessments at both customer and 
transaction levels. 
During 2013 and into 2014, we focused on training all relevant staff  
on the updated eSR framework and implementation. In total more than 
460 colleagues have been trained face-to-face at our central offices 
(including Amsterdam, London, Frankfurt, brussels, warsaw, New York, 
Sao paulo, Singapore, tokyo, mumbai and bangalore). In addition, more 
than 420 colleagues in other ING countries have been trained through 
webcast training and webinars.
Advocacy and creating thought leadership
whilst our eSR framework guides our internal processes, we also work 
with our peers and respected global organisations to ensure greater 
awareness of the importance of environmental and social factors in  
the financial industry and beyond. 
Advocacy on addressing human rights issues 
the uN Guiding principles on business and human Rights (uNGps) 
developed by John Ruggie, the former special business and human Rights 
representative to the secretary general of the uN, advocates that the key 
responsibility of corporations is to respect human rights. business must  
act with due diligence to avoid infringing on the rights of others and to 
address negative impacts with which they are involved.
Since 2011, we have worked with six other european commercial banks, 
formally known as the thun Group, to explore how best the uNGps could 
be interpreted and applied in relation to banking activities. In october 
2013, the group published a discussion paper, ’the Guiding principles:  
an interpretation for banks’. this aims to stimulate constructive dialogue 
between banks and other stakeholders interested in better managing 
business and human rights challenges. 
OECD Guidelines 
our environmental and Social Risk policies use the ’oeCD Guidelines  
for multinational enterprises’ as a benchmark. the latest version of the 
Guidelines (version 2011) includes a new and full expression of human 
rights under which multinational enterprises have to fulfil their ’duty to 
respect human rights and carry out human rights due diligence as 
appropriate to their size, nature and context of operations’. the oeCD 
Investment Committee mapped how financial institutions undertake 
environmental and social due diligence when providing financial services  
to their customers. In 2012 an advisory group of 15 members monitored 
how the mapping exercise developed. we were initially the only financial 
institution invited to join this advisory group, which also includes oeCD 
representatives, state and government departments, NGos and trade 
union representatives. our role has been not only to provide feedback on 
the application of our own policies, but also to represent the industry and 
to adequately coordinate and align (when appropriate) views with other 
industry peers.
human rights are important to business, therefore ING aims to retain a 
high level of participation in groups and forums that provide guidance and 
explore how best the uN Guiding principles and oeCD Guidelines could  
be interpreted and applied in relation to our activities.
For some specific examples on advocacy and thought leadership at  
NN Group, please refer to page 56.
 
5.2 – Setting our standards 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
42


Page 44:
what the eSR framework means  
for ING bank’s credit risk portfolio
most of ING bank’s activities serve the financing and investment needs of 
households and companies, other financial institutions and governments. 
For example, we allocate 41.3% of the balance sheet in the form of 
mortgages and other types of loans to private individuals, and this exposure 
has for instance minimal environmental risk implications. Some 29.4%  
of our assets are allocated to meet the financing needs of corporates.
41.3%
of ING bank’s assets  
are allocated for  
private individuals
29.4%
are allocated  
for corporates
ING bANK CReDIt RISK poRtFoLIo peR CLIeNt SeGmeNt (IN %)
5.3 – environmental  
and social risk in practice
ING bank 2013 2012
 Governments 10.3 9.4
 Financial institutions 16.5 15.2
 Corporates 29.4 30.6
 Consumer lending 41.3 42.6
 o ther 2.5 2.2
Governments 2013
 b onds – Netherlands 18.4
 b onds – GIIpS* 3.0
 b onds – Row** 53.4
 o ther*** 25.2
Consumer lending 2013
 Residential mortgages – NL 46.8
 Residential mortgages – Row** 47.6
 o ther consumer lending 5.6
Financial institutions 2013
 u nited Kingdom 22.8
 Germany 11.8
 Spain 8.2
 China 7.5
 France 5.3
 u nited States 5.3
 R ow** 39.1
Corporates 2013
 Netherlands 26.8
 b elgium 14.5
 u nited States 6.1
 u nited Kingdom 4.1
 turkey 4.0
 R ow** 44.5
* Greece, Italy, Ireland, portugal and Spain
** Rest of the world
*** other financial instruments such as lending, pre-settlement
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
43


Page 45:
ING Bank: Risk portfolio by economic sectors 
As indicated on page 43, corporate customers account for 29.4% of our 
total lending portfolio, equivalent to around euR 711.5 billion at year-end 
2013. the table below represents the different sectors that are used to 
classify our corporate customers. the column headed ’exposure 2013’ 
reflects the percentage of our total lending and investment activities in the 
various sectors. the sector breakdown is based on the NAICS classification 
applied by ING bank Credit Risk management in our internal measurement 
methodologies. the table illustrates for example that the largest portion  
of our total lending to corporates and investment activities is used in real 
estate (5.7%) and the smallest (0.3%) for the technology sector. 
through this table we aim to illustrate which environmental and social risk 
policies apply to the various economic sectors. For example, the activities 
of companies categorised within the ’utilities’ sector are covered by five 
eSR policies, in addition to the ING business principles. these policies are 
environmental compliance, human rights, energy, nuclear energy and the 
equator principles.
ING bANK CReDIt RISK poRtFoLIo peR eCoNomIC SeCtoR AND AppLICAtIoN oF eSR FRAmewoRK (IN %)*
5.3 – environmental and  
social risk in practice continued
expoSuRe  
2013 (%)
whICh eSR poLICIeS AppLY
business principleshuman rightsenvironmental complianceAnimal testingDefenceequator principlesForestry and Agrocommoditiesmining and m
etals
Fur GamblingGenetic engineering energy (oil and gas, power generation)Nuclear energypornographyShipbreakingFisheriesChemicalsmanufacturing
Consumer lending 41.3
Financial institutions 16.5
Governments 10.3
other 2.5
Corporates 29.4
Real estate 5.7
Natural resources 5.4
transportation and logistics 2.8
Services 2.2
Food, beverages and personal care 2.1
General industries 2.1
builders and contractors 1.9
Chemicals, health  
and pharmaceuticals
1.5
other 1.3
utilities 1.2
media & telecom 1.1
Retail 1.0
Automotive 0.8
technology 0.3
*  In order to manage stakeholder expectations and to provide more concrete info in line with the system implementation we have mapped the eSR questions with the NAIC 
codes embedded in ING’s client application in this table. the table published in the ING Group Sustainability Report 2012 on page 38 was conceptual.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
44


Page 46:
what the eSR framework means  
for NN Group’s credit risk portfolio 
the overview below, derived from our internal risk measurement 
methodologies, show that NN Group’s proprietary assets (General Account) 
are divided over five asset classes. the total market value of these assets 
amounted to euR 97 billion at year-end 2013. In order to meet our 
long-term (life insurance) obligations the majority (57%) of assets are 
invested in bonds, of which 80% is allocated to government bonds.
5.3 – environmental and  
social risk in practice continued
NN GRoup CReDIt RISK poRtFoLIo peR ASSet CLASS (IN %)
*  In order to provide comparable information based on comparable 
scope of entities, all businesses that have been divested or presented 
as held for sale as at 31 December 2013, are treated as held for sale 
in 2012.
* Residential mortgage – backed securities
** Commercial mortgage – backed securities
*** Asset-backed securities
NN Group 2013 2012*
 equity 6.0 5.2
 Securities 7.4 7.5
 Loans 17.7 8.0
 b onds 57.1 66.9
 Real estate 4.8 5.3
 Cash 7.0 7.1
equity 2013
 Common & preferred stock 43
 p rivate equity 16
 m utual funds 41
bonds 2013
 Government bonds 80
 Corporate bonds 12
 Financial bonds 8
Securities 2013
 R mbS* 53
 Cmb S** 5
 o ther AbS*** 42
Loans 2013
 m ortgages 83
 o ther loans 17
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
45


Page 47:
Economic sectors NN Group 
the overview below specifies how NN Group’s proprietary assets (General 
Account) are allocated to economic sectors. the breakdown is based on 
the NAICS1 classification applied by NN Group risk management in our 
internal measurement methodologies. It illustrates that the largest portion 
of these assets (55%) are allocated for investments in ’Governments and 
the public sector’. ’Retail’ and ’builders and contractors’ account for the 
smallest portion of asset allocation with less than 1% each. we have also 
indicated which eSG policy is applicable to which sector. 
55%
of NN Group’s assets are  
invested in ’Governments  
and public sector’
most if not all activities in the sectors Governments and public 
administration, private individuals, non-bank financial institutions, and 
commercial and central banks do not carry a high environmental or social 
risk and therefore do not trigger the screening of ING’s specific eSR policies.
An important instrument in implementing the eSR framework is our 
restricted list. Governments and companies that breach our policies  
are placed on this list to ensure that no harmful investments are made.
*  Credit risk portfolio includes the asset classes: bonds, loans and equity. In order to manage stakeholder expectations and to provide more concrete info in line with the 
system implementation we have mapped the eSR questions with the NAIC codes embedded in ING’s client application in this table. the table published in the ING Group 
Sustainability Report 2012 on page 39 was conceptual.
5.3 – environmental and  
social risk in practice continued
NN GRoup CReDIt RISK poRtFoLIo peR eCoNomIC SeCtoR AND AppLICAtIoN oF eSR FRAmewoRK (IN %)*
expoSuRe  
2013 (%)
whICh eSR poLICIeS AppLY
business principleshuman rightsenvironmental complianceAnimal testingDefenceForestry and Agrocommoditiesmining and m
etals
Fur GamblingGenetic engineering energy (oil and gas, power generation)Nuclear energypornographyShipbreakingFisheriesChemicalsmanufacturing
Governments  
and public administration
55.0
private individuals and other16.8
Non-bank financial 
institutions
6.5
Real estate 3.7
Commercial  
and central banks
3.3
Food, beverage  
and personal care
2.1
Automotive  
and general industries
2.1
utilities 1.9
media, telecom  
and technology
1.7
Natural resources 1.6
transportation and logistics 1.5
other 1.3
Chemicals, health  
and pharmaceuticals
1.2
Services 1.0
builders & contractors 0.3
Retail 0.0
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
46


Page 48:
the equator principles
the equator principles (ep) are a set of 10 principles that form the  
financial industry benchmark for determining, assessing and managing 
environmental and social risk when financing projects over uSD 10million.  
they are primarily intended to provide a minimum standard for due 
diligence and support responsible risk decision-making. 
As an equator principles Financial Institution (epFI), we implement the ep  
in our internal environmental and social policies, procedures and standards. 
this means we will not provide project finance or project-related corporate 
loans to clients that will not, or are unable to, comply with the principles. 
while the ep are not intended to be applied retrospectively, we will apply 
them if an existing project is expanded or upgraded, where changes in 
scale or scope may create significant environmental and social risks and 
impacts, or significantly change the nature or degree of an existing impact. 
2003
ING signs up to  
the equator principles
2013/14
ING chairs the  
equator principles  
Steering Committee
the ep are endorsed by 79 banks, representing 35 countries. together, 
signatories account for almost 70% of the international project finance debt 
in emerging markets. ING, as an early adaptor, has applied the principles 
voluntarily since 2003 and is the Chair of the ep Steering Committee since 
2012. the chairmanship will finish in spring 2014, as according to the ep 
Governance Rules. ING will continue to play a proactive role in the equator 
principles Association as part of the Steering Committee and its different 
working groups.
What we achieved
ING believes that the equator principles should continue to evolve in a 
balanced way in the years ahead, and in pace with the realities of the ep 
Association’s members and stakeholders. we have played a leading role  
in facilitating the epIII review process, and for the first time ever the review 
process included an external consultation and public commenting process. 
the ep review has therefore been a careful balancing act that has 
strengthened the standards across all countries, while increasing a level 
playing field. An example of this were the discussions that took place 
around climate change mitigation measures, where ING played a critical 
role to facilitate discussion and reach an agreement that suits ep financial 
institutions of different sizes, business cultures and locations. we are also 
very pleased with the overall outcome of epIII, which was supported by  
the large majority of epFIs.
In June 2013, we hosted the launch of the third version of the equator 
principles (ep III). this was drafted under our chairmanship of the ep 
Steering Committee and formally presented at a conference in Amsterdam 
to mark the tenth anniversary of the equator principles. our role as chair 
gave us the opportunity to facilitate the review of the principles, the 
success of which was based on consistency, focus and outreach. It is also 
during ING’s chairmanship that for the first time, the annual ep meeting 
was held in Asia, enabling us to promote ep in a region with less  
adopting institutions.
Key changes in the third version of the Equator Principles (EP III)
Increased scope and transparency
under ep III, the scope of the principles can be extended beyond project 
finance to include other financing models and other projects which are 
part of the regular financing requirements of large corporations. there is 
also enhanced focus on transparency as banks will be required to publicly 
disclose the projects they are financing together with information on how 
they implement the ep.
Sharper, expanded criteria
the epIII criteria were updated based on new directives from the world bank 
Group/International Financial Corporation, the experiences of recent years 
and the changing ways in which projects are financed. Amongst many 
changes, the principles include more stringent human rights requirements 
and addressing climate change risks. 
expANDeD CRIteRIA ep III
Topic EP II EP III
Social
Social risk due 
diligence
’Free prior Informed 
Consultation’
Social and relevant human rights 
due diligence
’Free prior Informed Consent’  
in specific circumstances
explicit reference to address human 
rights in preamble
Reference to ’Guiding principles  
on business and human Rights 
implementing the uN protect, 
Respect and Remedy Framework’
Climate 
Change
As part of ehS 
guidelines and general 
due diligence
Attention to due diligence
Alternative analysis for high emitting 
projects in line with IFC (pS3)
explicit reference to address climate 
change in the preamble
project reporting requirements on 
GhG emission levels:
—  mandatory: projects emitting > 
100K tonnes of Co2
—  encouragement: projects 
emitting > 25K tonnes of Co2
Sector dialogue
the updated ep III provides an opportunity to promote the ep and ING  
in key forums such as International Finance Corporation’s Community of 
Learning, united Nations environment programme Finance Initiative and 
the business for Social Responsibility conference. these conferences also 
target regulators and present excellent opportunities for industry-wide 
discussion on trends and challenges. 
5.3 – environmental and  
social risk in practice continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
47


Page 49:
Equator Principles: Overview of screened transactions
ING takes a robust approach to assessing transactions falling under the 
scope of the equator principles (ep). the assessment will depend on the 
scale and on the projects risks and impacts, which may vary widely from 
project to project. the ep is embedded in our eSR policy framework, and 
requires involvement of the following three banking areas:
 — Front office: departments originate transactions and have direct 
contact with the client or sponsors. these departments are critical to 
providing information and act as the anchor point between the project 
sponsor, lenders and consultants where necessary;
 — Risk managers: departments which provide control over Front office 
activities and would generally sign off on the environmental and social 
impacts for ’Low Risk’ ep deals i.e. Category C projects or Category A 
and b in designated countries
 — environmental and Social Risk; department within risk management 
fully dedicated to assessing environmental and social impacts associated 
with ’high Risk’ transactions, which in the context of ep generally refer 
to Category A and b projects in non-designated countries. Negative 
advice from the eSR Desk can only be waived by ING’s highest Credit 
Committee or the executive board. In practice such waivers are 
exceptional.
ING’s ep reporting for 2013 deals refer to epII reporting criteria, however 
we provide additional information in line with epIII reporting requirements: 
eQuAtoR pRINCIpLeS SCReeNING At ING bANK 2013
5.3 – environmental and  
social risk in practice continued
EP risk category
Total Total %by sector A B C
 p ower and utilities 9 28 1 38 55
 Natural Resources 9 7 1 17 25
 Infrastructure – 9 1 10 14
 m ining 3 1 – 4 6
EP risk category
by country designation A B C Total Total %
 Designated 1 29 3 33 48
 Non-designated 20 16 – 36 52
 total 21 45 3 69 100
EP risk category
by region A B C Total Total %
 North America 1 21 1 23 33
 Cee 5 11 – 16 23
 Asia 10 4 – 14 20
 europe 1 5 2 8 12
 Africa 3 1 – 4 6
 Latin America – 3 – 3 4
 m iddle east 1 – – 1 1
Advice category
by type of transaction Negative Positive Conditional Total Total %
 p roject finance – 30 9 39 57
  Advisory services 
(project)
1 11 5 17 25
  project related  
corporate loans
– 6 7 13 19
 total 1 47 21 69 100
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
48


Page 50:
our approach to sustainable  
products and services
Financial institutions such as ING can facilitate the transition to a 
sustainable economy. ING supports clients who are pro-actively addressing 
sustainability challenges like resource scarcity and energy efficiency.  
there is a need for us to be innovative and agile in creating financial 
products and services that are able to support commercial activities  
with environmental and social benefits. 
For ING, the increasing range of opportunities includes renewable energy, 
energy efficiency, cleaner production processes and technologies, water 
management, carbon finance, sustainable supply chains, circular business 
models and investment product offerings.
Increasing the volume of sustainable  
products and service offerings 
by customising financial solutions for our customers’ sustainability 
agendas, we can meet our customers’ increasing demand for products  
or services with higher environmental or social benefits, while at the  
same time expanding our products and services portfolio. 
ING acts both as a financier and asset manager, funding a wide range  
of companies, projects and funds. we include sustainability criteria in  
these capital allocation choices to stimulate the transition to a sustainable 
economy. this is reflected in the growth of what we, for reporting 
purposes, call ’Sustainable Assets Allocated’. this is an overview of all  
the financing and investment assets where we apply sustainability criteria. 
In the overview, we make a distinction between sustainable lending 
activities originated at ING Commercial banking and our Retail bank 
activities comprising loans provided by ING Groenbank, as well as 
investment funds and portfolios offered and managed by ING bank. 
In 2013, the total Sustainable Assets Allocated grew across our business  
by 14.8% or euR 845 million (see page 58 for the overview of Sustainable 
Assets Allocated figures). this reflects our consistent pursuit of financial 
targets based on sound business ethics and sustainable business priorities. 
See page 57 for more details.
Social and environmental value products
In 2013, we introduced the ING Savings Account for uNICeF in the 
Netherlands, a savings account that helps raise funds for uNICeF to 
support pre-school education in madagascar. each quarter, customers 
receive an update on the programme’s achievements. 
this year, we also joined forces with energy utility e.oN in the Netherlands 
to make it more attractive for consumers to purchase solar panels, through 
special financing terms. e.oN offers the solar panels to our customers  
at a discount. At ING belgium we have continued to offer real-estate eco 
loans to private customers as well as eco car loans.
Micro-finance 
the mission of our micro-finance team is to empower micro-entrepreneurs 
in India, turkey and Africa who do not have access to regular banking 
facilities. we provide small loans so that they can start and/or expand their 
small scale local business in order to lift themselves out of poverty and 
contribute to the wellbeing of their families and the broader development 
of society at large.
€75m
volume of micro-finance  
portfolio in India, turkey  
and Africa via ING Groenbank
the micro-finance portfolio is financed by ING Groenbank and has been 
primarily distributed via ING subsidiaries since 2010. As of December 2013, 
the volume of the micro-finance portfolio of ING Groenbank across India, 
turkey and Africa is euR 75 million. In addition to this portfolio, our 
Subsidiary in India, ING vysya bank Ltd. Invested euR 15 million via their own 
balance per 31 December 2013. this amount will increase to euR 25 million 
in 2014. In 2013 a 30 million facility is provided to ING turkey who has 
started their micro-finance activities in the beginning of 2014. the lending 
will be distributed from our local branches in the form of small loans to local 
micro-entrepreneurs as well as local micro-finance institutions. 
All ING micro-finance lending has to comply with the uN principles for 
Investors in Inclusive Finance and our own micro-finance lending 
requirements. 
Socially Responsible Investments at ING bank 
Retail customers of ING Netherlands looking to invest euR 1,000 or above 
are offered sustainable criteria-based investing as a standard option.
established in 2001, our Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) portfolios  
in the Netherlands take into account societal and environmental 
considerations when investing the funds of retail and private banking 
clients. Sustainability considerations are integrated into the decision-
making process of our Investment office. Data from independent service 
provider Sustainalytics is used as input for our analysis. before choosing 
companies to include in the portfolio, we analyse both financial and 
sustainability performance. 
our SRI universe is the basis for the ING Socially Responsible Investments 
Index (ING SRI Index). Since its introduction in 2008, the ING SRI Index  
has outperformed both the mSCI world Index and the Dow Jones 
Sustainability Index.
5.4 – offering sustainable  
products and services at ING bank
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
49


Page 51:
ING Groenbank
the ING Groenbank N.v., the second biggest Groenbank in the 
Netherlands, offers lending services with a reduced interest rate for a 
diverse range of sustainable projects, ranging from pv panels and windmills 
to waste factories. For example, In 2013 ING Groenbank led the financing 
for a record euR 100 million green loan to Dutch energy company eneco, 
alongside triodos bank and ASN bank. Green loans such as these are 
provided with interest rate reductions by passing on a tax benefit to the 
borrower, and are specifically used to finance environmental projects which 
comply with Dutch government standards, ranging from solar panels to 
waste factories.
€100m
record loan to  
renewable energy  
company eneco
 
Sustainable lending at Commercial banking 
Sustainable Lending Team
ING’s dedicated Sustainable Lending team was established in 2012, with  
a global mandate to support sustainable business opportunities within 
Commercial banking. together with all ING lending teams globally, they 
work on pursuing sustainable business, whilst remaining diligent on credit 
risks and building on our strong environmental and social risk policy 
framework. In its first year, 42 sustainable transactions were supported  
by the team. experts have been brought together from various areas of 
lending to explore opportunities in sustainable sectors such as renewable 
energy and waste management, but also developments like circular 
economy and smart grids. In addition an internal dashboard was 
developed to show our current involvement in sustainable business as  
well as various tools to help deal teams recognise sustainable transactions 
and customers. the team has developed a scorecard approach for all new 
lending proposals and to identify sustainable transactions and clients  
which are best in class in each sector. 
to support the drive towards sustainable lending, we have established 
expert panels to share in-house knowledge and build capacity where 
required. we have also introduced sustainability KpIs to motivate teams  
to further embed sustainability in their core activities. we recognise 
outstanding initiatives and transactions with a quarterly internal 
Sustainability Award. this is helping to build awareness of our progress  
and continued commitment to sustainability, both within ING and beyond. 
Utilities, Power and Renewables team; enabling energy transition 
€1 .3bn
exposure to renewable  
energy generation projects 
representing
39%
of our global project finance 
energy portfolio is allocated  
to renewable energy deals
 
Renewable energy projects we financed provided energy to: 
360,000
German households
47 ,000
Italian households
7 ,000
households in Glasgow
our Structured Finance utilities, power and Renewables team at Commercial 
banking is helping customers to grow their businesses in the renewable 
energy sector. Given the large investment required in europe to meet the 
eu’s energy reduction targets, we believe that the coming years will provide 
many more opportunities. we focus on markets which have proven and 
stable regulatory regimes. we continue to provide strong support to the 
renewable energy sector, and had a euR 1.3 billion exposure as a global 
limit in renewable energy generation projects by Dec. 2013 (up from  
euR 1.1 billion in Dec. 2012). this represents 39% of the structured finance 
global portfolio in the electricity sector (up from 31% in Dec. 2012).
5.4 – offering sustainable products 
and services at ING bank continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
50


Page 52:
In 2013 we again played a leading role in landmark transactions across 
various geographies and in a wide range of projects employing different 
types of technologies amongst others:
 — we were mandated lead arranger and hedging bank in the 288mw 
butendiek offshore wind project in Germany. this project was the 
largest european offshore wind farm to come to market in 2013. once 
completed, it will deliver electricity to ca. 360,000 German households
 — In Italy, we closed the financing of our sixth solar pv portfolio. the eoxis 
and Carinola solar pv projects developed by renewable energy fund 
platina brings another 9.5mw of renewable energy to the Italian 
market, and will deliver electricity to ca. 5,000 households
 — we supported Riverstone-owned velocita energy Developments 
through the financing of the 11.5 mw Ardoch over enoch wind farm 
near Glasgow, Scotland, which will deliver electricity to ca. 7.000 
households
 — we closed the financing of the 72mw St. Agata onshore wind farm 
developed by Fri-el Green power, the fourth largest wind energy 
generator in Italy, which will provide electricity to ca. 42,000 
households. this transaction reconfirmed our position at the forefront 
of renewable energy financing in Italy.
The energy and carbon efficiency team:  
addressing the new investment challenge
During 2013, our energy and carbon efficiency team worked closely with 
clients, governments, public institutions, NGos and other banks to help 
identify and overcome the economic, financial, and behavioural and policy 
barriers to large-scale investment in energy efficiency. this cooperation 
recognises the development of a new market with significant growth 
potential for our customers. 
Market outlook
Companies are aware that resources are becoming increasingly scarce  
and expensive and are therefore addressing sustainability challenges with 
innovative technologies. we have seen a focus on sustainability in real 
estate with regards to energy efficiency in buildings and expect to see 
more value in sustainability certified (bReAAm, etc.) real estate. waste 
management is also increasingly becoming an area of focus for companies.
we are optimistic about the future of renewable energy. Solar panels 
continue to decrease in cost and at current levels are attractive investments 
for private consumers. onshore wind is becoming slightly more affordable, 
although the cost of offshore wind has increased significantly, due to new 
wind farms being located further offshore. however, costs for offshore 
wind are set to fall due to the commercialisation of larger and more efficient 
turbines. In general large scale greenfield renewable energy projects on 
land in europe are slowing down, but we anticipate a continuing uplift in 
smaller scale decentralised energy production initiatives. the developments 
in renewable energy remain highly influenced by economic and political 
factors. As long as developments remain transparent, focused on the 
future and in line with declining investment costs, renewable energy 
remains an attractive opportunity in the long term. 
In addition to renewable energy, we also believe that new opportunities 
will occur in the area of energy efficiency. these may be in buildings, 
industry, energy supply and transport. our aim is to provide thoughtfully 
structured financial products to assist customers in managing the risks  
and making the most of the investment opportunities inherent in energy 
efficiency and the transition to a low-carbon economy. 
Spreading the word
Commercial banking decided to place sustainability at the centre of its 
autumn advertising campaign. over a three-month period, this campaign 
highlighted how we support companies by financing their transformation 
into a more sustainable business, focusing on a number of green deals 
undertaken in 2013. 
StRuCtuReD FINANCe utILItIeS, poweR  
AND ReNewAbLeS poRtFoLIo evoLutIoN
5.4 – offering sustainable products 
and services at ING bank continued
0
10
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
0%
13%
39%
48%
20
30
40
50
60
 Gas
 Renewables
 Coal
 o il
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
51


Page 53:
our approach 
As an insurance company, we collect premiums from policyholders and 
invest the money prudently in order to pay future claims under these 
contracts. through our asset management business, ING Investment 
management (ING Im), we invest the majority of these insurance 
(’proprietary’) assets but also third party assets. third party assets are those 
that we manage for institutional and retail customers through mandates 
and ING managed funds. 
2000
ING Im launches first  
sustainable investment fund
 
A responsible approach to investment helps us to meet our commitments 
to policyholders and other customers. this means we consider 
environmental, Social, and Governance (eSG) factors in our investment 
process in order to protect and enhance the risk-return profile of our 
investments. Furthermore, through active ownership, we support good 
corporate governance and seek to enhance the social and environmental 
practices of the companies in which we invest. Finally, we offer transparent 
and specialised sustainable investment products and solutions to meet  
the growing interest from our customers in responsible investment.
The evolution of our ESG approach
Since the launch of the ING Sustainable equity fund in 2000, we have 
shared our knowledge of sustainable investing with all our analysts, fund 
managers and sales force. this has helped all our professionals take an 
integrated approach to investment, considering relevant non-financial 
factors in addition to rating the financial aspects of an investment.
ING Im signed up to the united Nations-supported principles for 
Responsible Investment (pRI) initiative in 2008, underlining our 
commitment to integrating eSG factors into our investment process.
Key milestones in 2013
In 2013, ING Im worked hard to demonstrate the value and increase the 
transparency of our responsible investment practices. we started to publish 
Active ownership reports on a quarterly basis and launched a new website to 
provide an overview of our approach, activities and publications. In addition, ING 
Im increased commercial activities and organised various client events focused 
on responsible investment such as the series of seminars on ’Demystifying 
Responsible Investing’ for our institutional clients in the Nordic region. 
we also focused on strengthening our responsible investment approach 
during 2013. For example, we expanded proxy voting activities to belgian and 
Luxemburg funds. Furthermore we increased the level of eSG integration into 
our equity research process by expanding eSG information and analysis in the 
standard equity research formats and developing an eSG risk analysis tool for 
our portfolio managers. ING Im’s external asset manager selection business 
introduced a dedicated eSG scorecard for manager selection.
In December of 2013, our portfolio of SRI funds and solutions was expanded 
with the launch of a european Sustainable equity fund. the value of our 
sustainable assets under management increased to euR 3,452 million,  
with both our investment funds and mandates contributing to this growth. 
the ING Sustainable equity fund received the Novethic SRI Label, underlining 
the quality and transparency of the fund’s investment process. the table  
on page 58 provides an overview of the sustainable assets allocated. 
ouR RAtIoNALe FoR eSG INteGRAtIoN
the CoNtext ouR AppRoACh
In recent years, the market has shown increasing interest in 
responsible investment. this has led to sharper focus on the 
analysis of eSG factors in the mainstream investment process. 
we believe that this trend is irreversible because responsible 
investing is a more complete approach to investing. events, 
such as accidents with severe environmental damages or 
accounting scandals, show that eSG factors can have a 
significant impact on a company’s share price performance 
and hence on investment performance. 
ING Im has integrated relevant financial and non-financial factors into the equity and 
fixed income investment processes. taking non-financial factors into account assists  
to uncover hidden risks at an early stage and discover new opportunities. It is important 
to look at the materiality of eSG factors, and these differ per industry. 
For example, safety standards, environmental impact, and resource access are material 
factors in the mining industry, whilst product liability and bribery are more material to 
the healthcare sector. Governance is critical in all sectors. we are working with academic 
research institutes to further investigate the materiality of eSG factors. this will help us 
to improve the integration of these factors in order to optimise our investment process.
5.5 – Responsible 
investment at NN Group
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
52


Page 54:
Responsible investment pillars
ING Im has a well-established approach to responsible investing, with  
the ING business principles forming the basis for social and environmental 
responsibility. this responsibility is clearly expressed in our investment 
principles, which state our commitment to investing responsibly and 
delivering customer-oriented solutions.
our responsible investment approach is based on four pillars: 
 — Active ownership, including exercising our vote at shareholder  
meetings and engaging with companies and policymakers
 — Integration of eSG factors in the investment process
 — Investment restrictions
 — offering specialised Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) funds  
and tailor-made responsible investment solutions.
Pillar I – Active ownership: voting and engagement
holding shares in a company gives us the right to vote at shareholder 
meetings, on relevant issues. we use this voting right to support or 
enhance our investment rationale for a company. we also use dialogue 
and engagement with companies to encourage them to adopt the  
eSG practices that we deem appropriate. 
In the broader context, we regularly discuss sustainability topics and 
corporate governance issues with other investors, legislators and regulatory 
bodies. we are members of several investor networks through which we 
engage in policy debates. 
Exercising our influence through voting
Investors have a role to play in ensuring that proper checks and balances 
are applied at the corporations in which they invest. exercise of voting 
rights is one of the most effective ways for investors to hold management 
to account. 
ING’s eSR policy framework includes the ING Global voting policy, which 
states that not only is financial, economic and corporate governance 
information important in assessing shareholder value, but so too are social, 
ethical and environmental considerations. 
ING’s Global voting policy lays down the key principles of voting and 
applies to all asset managers within the company. the principles expressed 
in this policy are the foundation for ING Im’s voting policies, which 
describe how we vote on standard resolutions at annual general meetings 
and extraordinary general meetings.
ING Im has two proxy voting committees responsible for the voting 
activities, one for proprietary assets and the other one for third party assets.
As the equity portfolio that we manage on behalf of our institutional and 
retail customers is large, we cannot manually cast votes for all shareholder 
meetings worldwide. Currently, votes are cast on behalf of all the holdings 
of Dutch, belgian and Luxembourg ING funds with at least euR 100 million 
of assets under management. In order to ensure that all votes are cast in 
line with our policy and beliefs, we have a customised voting policy. this 
policy is implemented by the proxy research agency ISS on behalf of ING Im 
for the purpose of analysing all relevant shareholder meetings worldwide. 
the shareholder meetings of our Dutch and belgian holdings, as well as  
all companies that are held in the Sustainable equity fund, are individually 
scrutinised by an in-house proxy voting committee for third party assets. 
portfolio managers and analysts are represented on this committee in 
order to ensure a clear linkage between our voting and investment activities. 
the proxy voting committee for proprietary assets, which also includes 
portfolio managers and analysts, reviews all shareholder meetings at a 
case-by-case basis. 
All votes cast by ING Im at shareholder meetings on behalf of both 
proprietary and third party assets can be reviewed on the website.  
ING Im is also represented at certain shareholder meetings, primarily 
 in the Netherlands.
Shareholder resolutions
In the united States, Japan and a number of other countries, shareholder 
resolutions are often used to address eSG issues. In fact, in 2013, 
resolutions requesting sustainability reporting, both directly by the 
company and by the company’s suppliers, were among the most 
prominent shareholder resolutions, second only to proposals related  
to political contributions and lobbying.
we actively vote on shareholder proposals that are related to relevant  
eSG issues. we support shareholder proposals if we believe they help 
address significant social and environmental issues that can be material  
to a company. however, we take a rational approach to the analysis of 
shareholder proposals. If we believe that a company already adequately 
deals with the issues addressed in the shareholder proposal, we may not 
support the proposal. we make voting decisions based on our analysis of 
the merits of individual shareholder proposals on a case-by-case basis. 
examples of how we voted on shareholder resolutions can be found in  
the quarterly Active ownership reports published on our website.
Dialogue and engagement
Dialogue and engagement with stakeholders is central to a role as an active 
investor. It helps encourage companies to adopt eSG practices that we deem 
appropriate. this includes adhering to internationally accepted standards  
of corporate behaviour beyond compliance with local legal requirements. 
ING Im expects all companies in which we invest to adopt standards, policies 
and management processes covering potential eSG risks.
our active investment strategy means that our analysts and portfolio 
managers are in continuous dialogue with companies regarding eSG as 
well as financial and strategic issues. we also have an in-house team that 
focuses specifically on eSG issues that may have an impact on our 
customers’ holdings.
we also collaborate with other institutional investors to engage with 
companies in order to maximise investor influence and to share resources and 
expertise. we undertake ’collaborative engagement’ in direct cooperation 
with other investors, or through initiatives such as the pRI Clearing house.
5.5 – Responsible investment 
at NN Group continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
53


Page 55:
Case study   RISING to the ChALLeNGe  
oF bRIbeRY AND CoRRuptIoN
The context
with several countries launching more stringent regulation on the 
liability of companies involved in bribery and corruption, customers  
are increasingly sensitive to any perceived or potential links with  
such conduct. 
What’s the challenge?
we are member of a coalition of 25 institutional investors that engage 
with companies around the world on bribery and corruption risks.  
this coalition, collaborating through the pRI, aims to improve disclosure 
of companies’ anti-corruption programmes and encourages reporting 
in line with international frameworks. 
What we did
In cooperation with transparency International, 45 companies were 
identified as having weak anti-corruption management systems.  
At the end of 2013, letters were sent to the boards of directors of 30 
of these companies, stressing the importance of a robust framework 
for managing anti-corruption risks. these written requests are the 
starting point of an intensive dialogue with the companies in question. 
Companies were asked to provide a written response on their progress 
in actively monitoring the effectiveness of their existing bribery and 
corruption policies. A number of companies are now being asked  
to implement specific changes to their policies and practices.
we regularly discuss sustainability topics and corporate governance issues 
with other investors, legislators and regulatory bodies. we are member  
of several investor networks through which we engage in policy debates. 
these include the International Corporate Governance Network (ICGN), 
eumedion, the european Fund and Asset management Association 
(eFAmA), the Dutch Fund and Asset management Association (DuFAS), 
the pRI, and the pilot programme Investor Network of the International 
Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).
ING Im is co-chair of the Shareholder Rights Committee of the International 
Corporate Governance Network. the ICGN is a global membership 
organisation with 600 corporate governance leaders based in 50 countries. 
Its mission is to raise standards of corporate governance worldwide. In this 
capacity, during 2013 we responded on behalf of all ICGN members to key 
policy initiatives related to corporate governance and shareholder rights. 
Being transparent about ownership practices
In 2013, we took a significant step towards greater transparency of our 
active ownership practices for our third party assets, by publishing quarterly 
reports on our website. the website also offers insights into our dialogue 
and engagement activities with companies on eSG issues, as well as our 
involvement in public policy engagement.
Pillar 2 – Integration of ESG factors in the investment process
“many studies have been conducted on the impact 
of inclusion of eSG factors on investment 
performance in recent years. It is fair to say that,  
at least, integrating eSG factors improves downside 
protection while potentially improving upside. In any 
case it improves the risk/reward characteristics of an 
investment portfolio. these findings make perfect 
sense, as the goal of investing in a responsible way 
is to look for sustainable business models, which 
often result in a company having a competitive edge 
and being able to achieve superior returns.’
Jeroen bos, CFA,  
head of global equity research at ING Investment management 
As an integral part of our research process, eSG analysis is carried out  
by ING Im’s analysts. Analysts have access to the eSG database, which 
includes information on how each company scores on different eSG factors 
compared to its sector average, and if there are any structural issues or 
controversies regarding people, planet and society. eSG factors covered 
include, amongst others, environmental damage, climate change, 
corruption, human rights, health and safety, and corporate governance. 
the analysts incorporate the results of their analysis into the investment 
case. this is our company research template, and it ensures that materiality 
(i.e. the impact on the valuation) is considered for each of the companies 
reviewed. Fund managers at ING Im take the investment cases into 
account when making investment decisions. 
this process is applied to equities and corporate bonds, with a similar 
procedure in place for government bonds. In the case of government 
bonds we use eSG data at a country rather than a company level.  
eSG country factors include for example corruption perception, ease of 
doing business, human development, rule of law and energy-dependency
In a key development in 2013, the investment case drafted by our equity 
analysts now includes an expanded section with an analysis of the 
company’s non-financial performance. we added GmI Ratings to the list  
of eSG data vendors we use in our process. our analysts are now also 
required to include key questions related to eSG factors, and these are 
raised in meetings with company management. by doing this, eSG analysis 
is not a speciality of sustainability experts limiting the knowledge and 
ability to engage with companies to a select group. this helps us broaden 
the scope of eSG integration across the investment process.
In 2013, we also developed a risk tool that provides investment managers 
with a comprehensive overview of how their equity fund scores from an 
eSG perspective, and an insight into the largest eSG-risks related to their 
holdings. this helps investment managers make an informed decision 
about the composition of their portfolios based on non-financial risks that 
are increasingly linked to the financial performance of a company.
5.5 – Responsible investment 
at NN Group continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
54


Page 56:
Pillar 3 – Investment restrictions
Guided by ING Group’s eSR framework, our policy indicates we do not 
invest in companies that are considered to be the worst offenders in 
sensitive areas, which include controversial weapons, animal testing, 
environmental compliance, fur, gambling, genetic engineering, human 
rights, nuclear energy and pornography. the restricted list applies to the 
proprietary assets and to the specialised SRI funds.
we also maintain a specific restricted list of companies that produce, trade 
or maintain controversial weapons as defined in the ING’s Defence policy. 
the restricted list for controversial weapons companies applies to all 
proprietary and third party assets invested in actively managed ING funds, 
both SRI and mainstream. 
Pillar 4 – Offering specialised SRI funds and tailor-made  
responsible investment solutions
we are developing sustainable investment products to meet the growing 
demand for good financial returns that also meet sustainability criteria.  
we have actually managed sustainable investment funds since 2000.
Specialised SRI funds
In 2013, the value of ING Im’s sustainable assets allocated grew to  
euR 3,442 million from euR 3,141 million in the previous year. this was 
due to a good performance, supported by new customers and two new 
Institutional mandates for our sustainable equity strategies. of the  
euR 3,442 million, euR 1,195 million is allocated to sustainable equity 
strategies, and euR 2,247 million to sustainable fixed income strategies.
our sustainable equity strategy combines best-in-class and exclusionary 
criteria. In December 2013, we extended our offering through the launch of  
a european focused fund. ING Im has been successfully managing a european 
Sustainable equity mandate since 2005 and has now expanded its offering  
to meet the growing demand from both institutional and retail customers. 
the Sustainable equity fund received the Novethic Socially Responsible 
Investment (SRI) Label during the year. Novethic, an independent French 
SRI research agency, awarded the SRI label to 104 funds in 2013, 87% of 
which are French. the label highlights the quality, clarity and consistency  
of our fund’s investment process and has helped raised awareness of our 
sustainable investment expertise on the French market. 
“there is a substantial supply of SRI funds in europe, 
but not all funds are transparent. our SRI label, 
launched five years ago, is intended to help 
individual investors in differentiating SRI funds from 
more traditional funds and to guarantee a high level 
of quality. we awarded the ING (L) Invest Sustainable 
equity fund with our label as they showed that eSG 
criteria are systematically integrated in the fund’s 
investment process, and that their investment 
process offers the greatest possible transparency.’
Dominique blanc, Director of Research, Novethic
both our Sustainable equity and Sustainable Credit funds also meet the 
requirements of the eurosif SRI transparency Code. 
Offering tailor-made responsible investment solutions
we help our customers establish separate mandates according to their 
specific preferences with respect to eSG criteria. this can be achieved  
by using different or additional exclusionary criteria to those used for our 
sustainable funds, in order to reflect specific clients’ values and beliefs.  
In addition, ING Im provides advice to institutional investors who wish to 
adopt a responsible investment policy or evaluate and refine one that is 
already in place. 
Since 2008, we also offer independent review services of external asset 
managers through Altis, which is a part of ING Im. Altis uses eSG factors  
in its manager scoring criteria. this has evolved into a dedicated eSG 
scorecard, which enables customers to make their own judgement on the 
weight of eSG criteria versus traditional or financial criteria when choosing 
a fund manager.
eSG outreach
Governance of ESG activities
the governance around our eSG activities is managed through various 
internal bodies.
ING Im has an eSG board, which is chaired by the Chief Investment officer 
and consists of senior managers and eSG specialists. the eSG board 
provides advice to the management board about our positioning and 
future initiatives in the eSG area. In 2013, the eSG board was expanded  
by including a broader representation of specialists responsible for different 
asset classes and disciplines.
An internal principles for Responsible Investment (pRI) Committee is 
responsible for implementing, reviewing progress and providing feedback 
to the relevant teams with regard to our commitment to the uN-supported 
pRI. this committee comprises members representing different asset 
classes and other departments. this mix helps ensure that implementation 
is carried out across the whole business and that best practices are shared 
in the most effective and efficient way. the internal pRI Committee reports 
to the eSG board.
For institutional customers such as pension funds, insurance companies 
and foundations, ING Im offers fiduciary management through Integrated 
Client Solutions (ICS). the services of ICS comprise risk management, 
strategic advice, as well as external manager selection offered through 
Altis. In 2013, ICS established an eSG Committee that meets on a regular 
basis to discuss developments on responsible investing and determine 
focus areas. A key focus area for this year was refining the eSG scoring 
methodology related to external fund manager selection.
5.5 – Responsible investment 
at NN Group continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
55


Page 57:
Advocacy and thought leadership
NN Group contributed to a blueprint on how to integrate eSG criteria in 
country risk management. this addresses the business-critical issue of  
the stability of individual countries. the paper was presented by the CRo 
Forum, a group of professional risk managers from the insurance industry 
that focuses on developing and promoting industry best practices in risk 
management. entitled ’environmental, Social and Governance factors in 
country risk management – a new horizon’, the paper describes the drivers 
for integrating eSG criteria in country risk management in underwriting, 
investments and operational risk. In this fourth blueprint, created by the 
CRo Forum’s Sustainability working group, our particular contribution  
and focus was on investments.
ING Im also contributed to the launch of a globally accepted reporting 
framework developed by the IIRC that combines financial and non-
financial information in a clear, consistent and comparable format. 
whereas information was in the past brought together from different 
perspectives (financial, environmental and social), it will now be compiled 
from one integrated perspective.
5.5 – Responsible investment 
at NN Group continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
56


Page 58:
ING acts both as a financier and asset manager, funding a wide range  
of companies, projects and funds. Increasingly, we include sustainability 
criteria in these capital allocation choices to stimulate the transition to  
a sustainable economy. this is reflected in the growth of what we, for 
reporting purposes, call ’Sustainable Assets Allocated’. this is an overview 
of all the financing and investment assets that apply sustainability criteria. 
In the overview a distinction is made between lending activities originated 
at ING Commercial bank and loans provided by ING Groenbank, as well  
as investment funds and portfolios offered and managed by ING bank.  
the assets allocated by ING Im also fall into two categories: investment 
funds and mandates. 
In 2013, Sustainable Assets Allocated increased with euR 845 million, 
which underlines our client’s appetite for products and services that apply 
sustainability criteria. the growth is in investment products for the average 
retail customer, contributing to the increase in the volume of NN Group 
managed funds and ING bank portfolios. Commercial banking succeeded 
in continuing to grow its portfolio of financing renewable energy and 
sustainable projects. the 14.8% growth of Sustainable Assets Allocated 
provides clear evidence of the growth in our clients’ appetite for business 
conducted on sustainability criteria.
€6,570m
Sustainable Assets 
Allocated for both  
ING bank and NN Group
 
5.6 – Sustainable 
assets allocated
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
57


Page 59:
5.6 – Sustainable assets 
allocated continued
SuStAINAbLe ASSetS ALLoCAteD (IN € mILLIoN)
NN Group – portfolios 2013 2012 2011
  Sustainable portfolios and funds  
(offered by NN bank)***
10 13 14
Subtotal 10 13 14
ING bank – portfolios  
(managed by ING bank) 2013 2012 2011
 Sustainable portfolios 903 696 528
 ING Liric SRI top 50 19 20 23
 CS ING SRI Index fund 38 13 0
Subtotal 960 729 551
ING bank – Financing 2013 2012 2011
 ING Groenbank* 769 804 821
 Loans to renewable energy projects 1,300 1,091 1,053
 Loans to sustainable projects**** 162 0 0
 Loans energy and carbon efficiency projects 1 3 0
Subtotal 2,232 1,898 1,874
NN Group – mandates  
(managed by ING Im) 2013 2012 2011
 Sustainable Fixed Income mandates 1,768 1,920 0
 e uropean Sustainable equity mandates 240 124 77
 Global Sustainable equity mandates 535 406 0
Subtotal 2,543 2,450 77
 2013 2012 2011
total 6,644 5,781 2,927
Correction to eliminate double counting** 74 56 27
total sustainable assets allocated 6,570 5,725 2,900
NN Group – Funds  
(managed by ING Im) 2013 2012 2011
 ING Duurzaam Aandelen Fonds 125 95 66
 INI Duurzaam Rendement Fonds 76 64 50
  ING (L) Invest europe Sustainable  
equity fund
41 0 0
 ING (L) Invest Sustainable equity 178 148 80
  ING (b) Invest Solidarity mixed/Child 
Focus euro (not offered anymore)
0 2 2
 ING (L) Renta fund euro Credit Sustainable 479 382 209
  ING thai Global water fund  
(not offered anymore)
0 0 4
Subtotal 899 691 411
*  the amounts for Groenbank over 2011 have 
been adjusted. previously, we reported on 
outstanding loans, while last year and going 
forward we will report the balance sheet total, 
i.e. total assets of ING Groenbank. 
**  Correction to eliminate double counting: Due to 
overlap in allocated assets in the sustainable ING 
equity and fixed income funds and the managed 
sustainable portfolios in which some of these 
funds are part of the managed allocation, the 
total allocated amount is adjusted accordingly.
***  the amounts for NN bank were listed in the 
previous year as westland utrecht bank, part  
of ING bank.
****  the scope is limited to sustainable sub-sectors in 
water, waste and energy (except for renewables). 
In 2014 the scope will be increased to a wider 
set of sustainable transactions.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
58


Page 60:
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID
expand our environmental and Social Risk (eSR) policy 
framework and promote eSR in the sector
we strengthened the implementation of our eSR framework, by embedding 
it in the client on boarding process and transaction approval process in our 
systems. During 2013, we increased our focus on human rights protection, 
specifically drawing attention to the rights of children in several sector-
based policies arising from our support of the Children Right’s and business 
principles. In addition, we reorganised these policies, to include energy, and 
mining and metals as separate categories.
At ING Investment management, we increased our voting activities and 
expanded eSG information and analysis in the investment cases.
we aim to increase our Sustainable Assets Allocated and 
increase the amount of sustainable products offered
our Sustainable Assets Allocated increased with euR 845 million, which 
underlines our client’s appetite for products and services that apply 
sustainability criteria.
23% of our retail business units offer products or services that have a direct 
social or environmental benefit.
ING Investment management launched a new fund in 2013, the ING (L) 
Investment europe Sustainable equity fund.
LooKING FoRwARD
ING Bank 
In 2014, we will continue the global implementation of our expanded 
environmental and social screening processes, supported by an increase 
in training for all relevant staff. the processes will be embedded in the It 
systems that implement customer due diligence. we expect to report the 
first results of this implementation, in the form of numbers of customers 
screened, in our 2014 Sustainability Report. 
under ep III banks are now required to publicly disclose the projects  
they are financing together with details on how they implement the ep. 
we will collect the appropriate data during 2014 for disclosure in next 
year’s report.
Next to assessing transactions, investments and clients on their 
sustainability profile we will aim to capitalise on the potential sustainable 
business opportunities in the market. we will continue to further embed 
sustainability into our daily commercial strategy. we aim to expand the 
volume of sustainable assets allocated and improve and expand our 
sustainability offerings.
NN Group 
In preparation for its standalone future, NN Group is developing a new 
Responsible Investment (RI) framework, which will capture the existing 
elements of ING Im’s responsible investment approach. In 2014, ING Im 
will continue to focus on voting and engagement, strengthening eSG 
integration across asset classes, and expanding our client base for SRI 
funds and tailor-made responsible investment solutions.
 
5.7 – progress report
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
59


Page 61:
6 – Improving 
environmental performance
Floor Schneider
managing Director at FIRA
FIRA verifies CSR information of companies and institutions and enables 
CSR dialogue based on reliable information. FIRA has developed an online 
platform where companies can demonstrate their CSR strategies and 
achievements for stakeholders. the FIRA platform and methodology  
used is coherent with international standards such as ISo26000, AA1000 
and GRI.
What is the objective of the FIRA Platform?
A key objective for us is to really empower companies to take ownership 
and be accountable for their own CSR strategy. we want to go beyond the 
perception that CSR requirements only relate to compliance and that they 
can be addressed simply by signing a piece of paper. to achieve that goal, 
we need to engage procurement functions on the customer side, and give 
them a sense of the wide range of sustainability indicators that should be 
reviewed. this also helps to leverage what we call their ’power of spend’; 
meaning that buyers have a great opportunity to exert positive influence 
over suppliers. we make sure that suppliers and buyers work with the 
same framework, which encourages dialogue and also ensures that both 
parties have consistent and time-saving models in place.
our goal is take sustainable procurement beyond CSR risk management 
alone – to address the frustration created by multiple types of sustainability 
questionnaires and codes of conducts that suppliers were asked to 
complete; but that failed to address the information that buyers were 
actually looking for. we are based in the Netherlands, but are expanding 
worldwide to reflect the global nature of supply chains.
What does it mean to work with ING ?
ING joining the programme was an important milestone for us. we work 
with a number of financial institutions and having ING as part of the  
team means we can partner with one of the Netherlands’ major players. 
FIRA supports ING to identify the most material impact of their facilities 
management, environmental and labour-related issues and focus on where 
the greatest impact is, notably through It.
FIRA is very much about partnership and transparency. As an assurance 
provider; we do not decide what’s right or what’s wrong. Instead, our role 
is to manage the CSR-information and ensure it is reliable. our approach  
is very much based on process and not on the completion of yet another 
questionnaire. It is a process that captures what companies are already doing 
and achieving, highlights best practices, identifies areas for improvement 
and makes all that information available. we also ask open questions, for 
example on the wider risks in supply chains, which are useful to trigger 
conversations and open dialogue.
we monitor and manage our 
environmental footprint closely.  
we invest in efficiency solutions in 
our operations and ways of working, 
source renewable energy whenever 
we can, integrate sustainability in  
our procurement process and have 
been offsetting our carbon 
emissions since 2007.
Contents in this chapter
6 Improving environmental performance 60
6.1  Improving environmental performance:  
at a glance 61
6.2 Driving efficiency 62
6.3 Sustainable procurement 64
6.4  m onitoring and reporting  
environmental performance 66
6.5 p rogress report 70
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
60


Page 62:
6.1 – Improving 
environmental 
performance: 
at a glance
our approach
ING’s business principle – ’we are environmentally and socially  
responsible’, and our business priority for ’operational excellence’ set  
the agenda for ING’s environmental management programme. we see 
managing our environmental footprint as a means to increase the 
efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. In our experience, being 
more environmentally friendly often also translates as being financially 
smarter. In this chapter, we focus specifically on our own operational 
environmental footprint.
Focus areas
to manage our footprint, we focus on reducing the use of resources, 
adopting greener alternatives and offsetting the remaining carbon 
emissions from our energy and business travel. we measure and report  
on the most relevant areas of our environmental footprint. Due to the 
office-based nature of our core business activities, we emphasise the 
following focus areas:
 — Driving efficiency
 — Sustainable procurement
 — monitoring and reporting environmental performance.
ouR RepoRtING FRAmewoRK
ouR CommItmeNtS  S ImpLeR  St RoNGeR  Su StAINAbLe
Improving  
environmental 
performance
our data-collection sustainability 
tool has been updated to be simpler 
and more user friendly. It now 
enables greater transparency, 
consistency and accuracy.
through efficiency initiatives we 
strengthen our environmental 
performance. these include 
behavioural change, new ways of 
working as well as reducing energy 
use through a more efficient It 
infrastructure.
we are embedding sustainability 
criteria into our procurement 
systems and adopting 
environmentally smart solutions.
hIGhLIGhtS
 — NN Group adopted a new procurement policy covering updated 
sustainability requirements based on the uN Global Compact
 — the carbon emissions per Fte decreased more than 8%
 — In 2014, ING will obtain a bronze level assessment from FIRA.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
61


Page 63:
our approach to energy efficiency
our facilities management teams are continuously working to improve  
the energy efficiency of our buildings. equipment is replaced or upgraded 
regularly to support energy efficient technologies, particularly those related 
to computers, motion sensors, lighting and printers.
Increasingly, new ING buildings incorporate specific energy saving features in 
order to gain green certifications such as those provided by LeeD, bReeAm 
and Green Star. In 2013, NN Group updated its real estate policy to include 
the requirement to select working offices that carry green certification. 
eNeRGY eFFICIeNCY AChIevemeNtS
belgium: ING bank’s two main buildings and ING bank branches 
’carbon neutral’ since 2007
Germany: ING-Diba AG moved to a revitalised building with  
bReeAm certification
uK: ING bank secured a prestigious platinum Award within the  
’Clean City’ Awards
uS: certificate granted by uS Green building Council
India: ING vysya bank mumbai headquarters awarded with  
Leadership in energy and environmental Design (LeeD) certification
Singapore: ING bank staff moved into the tampines Grande building 
which incorporates solar panels into its façade reducing energy 
consumption by 2,000 kwh for all of its tenants (not only ING staff)
hungary: NN Group’s landmark ’Landlord’ building awarded  
LeeD certification
Czech Republic: NN Group hQ located in ’Golden Angel’ landmark 
building was awarded a 5-star bReeAm certification.
Case study   CommeRCIAL bANKING ASIA wINS 
eARth houR StAFF eNGAGemeNt 
AwARD
Commercial banking Asia’s creative effort and enthusiastic participation 
during earth hour have been recognised by world wildlife Fund (wwF) 
Singapore. the team got a staff engagement award for ’the company 
that has made the most significant and sustainable impact via its internal 
stakeholder engagement activities, and enabled staff to inspire others 
in taking action’.
energy efficiency: investing  
in more efficient data centres
the energy efficiency of our data centres has the continuously attention of 
Facilities Data Centre to improve on power consumption. In the Netherlands 
we have finished the development of a new data centre. this new data 
centre has an efficient way of cooling by using only air for as long as 
possible (benefitting from the mild Dutch climate) to limit the use of 
mechanical cooling machines. 
Compared to one of the existing data centres of ING in the Netherlands 
this new data centre has a potential reduced energy consumption of 20%. 
In 2014, ING starts with migration towards this new data centre which  
will contribute to energy saving.
business travel efficiency:  
reducing business travel
Investing in audio and video conferencing
video and audio conferencing is an additional way in which we can reduce 
unnecessary business travel, costs and carbon emissions. we have invested 
in these solutions, ranging personal video units to small and large video 
rooms, as well as high-end tele-conferencing facilities. we will continue  
to invest in audio-conferencing solutions for home and remote employees 
in the future.
we use communication and awareness campaigns to actively promote 
these facilities, because reducing business travel is also very much about 
behaviour change.
6.2 – Driving efficiency
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
62


Page 64:
400
video-conferencing facilities  
are now in place across  
the business units
10%
increase in video-conferencing 
facilities in our european  
business units
50%
increase in the number of  
minutes used for high-end 
video-conferencing
6,000
users of audio-conferencing,  
an increase of 50%
Business travel alternative: leasing electric cars 
Following the introduction of electric cars to our lease fleet, several ING 
offices in europe are now equipped with charging stations to encourage 
employees to opt for greener cars. our offices in Amsterdam were 
equipped with 30 charging stations in 2013. 
In the spring of 2012, we partnered with an electric taxi service to support the 
transportation needs of employees in the Netherlands. through this initiative, 
we have ’greened’ 18,000 kilometres of journeys up to year-end 2013. 
waste efficiency: e-waste management
In 2013, ING proactively sought sustainable disposal solutions for various 
types of It hardware at the end-of-use phase. During this pursuit, multiple 
pilots were conducted to find secure and sustainable options. one of these 
pilots was focused on securing a second-life use for old but reusable data 
centre equipment. one of the primary knock-out criteria for a successful 
pilot was the supplier’s attention and care for environmental and social 
concerns. Due to the high environmental standards that are in place and a 
positive experience during the pilot, ING is currently exploring the next steps. 
Furthermore, Retail bank International sought a sustainable solution for 
workplace hardware in 2013 – including desktops, laptops and mobile 
phones – for the end-of-use phase.
ING sees giving It hardware a second life as an opportunity to contribute 
to a reduced demand for raw materials for hardware production and less 
overall waste.
6.2 – Driving efficiency 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
63


Page 65:
our approach 
with a combined annual overall spend on suppliers of euR 4.8 billion  
at ING bank and NN Group, we have a real opportunity to drive our 
sustainability agenda through the supply chain. by encouraging our 
suppliers to share our standards and work towards continual improvement, 
we believe we can make a demonstrable impact on the environment and 
society while mitigating risks.
our procurement Charter
As a signatory to the uN Global Compact (uNGC), we have asked our 
suppliers to agree to compliance with the uNGC principles that promote 
human rights, fair labour practices, environmental protection and 
anti-corruption. 
As such, we have developed a new ING bank procurement Charter.  
this states that sustainable procurement means taking into account the 
environmental and social aspects of the products and services procured, as 
well as the attitude of the supplier towards sustainability. the procurement 
Charter defines the governing principles for organising, managing and 
conducting procurement activities globally.
the Sustainable procurement programme
our Sustainable procurement programme, which began in the Netherlands 
in 2012, takes this a step further by embedding ING’s procurement policy 
towards suppliers into our processes. In 2013, we focused on implementing 
our sustainable procurement policy throughout our global supply chain. 
the Sustainable procurement programme consists of three main elements 
which are outlined below:
1. Supplier qualification (SQ)
the process begins with a supplier qualification process, where we ask  
our suppliers to commit to our global ING’s procurement Sustainability 
Standards, before we enter into a contractual agreement. the SQ process 
focuses on policies in two areas: sustainability (covering human rights, 
labour, environment, and anti-corruption); and Financial economic Crime 
as defined in ING’s FeC Statement.
2. Supplier performance assessment
once the supplier has signed the IpSS, we conduct an environmental and 
social performance assessment of selected suppliers. we do this alongside 
external sustainability verification agencies and benchmarks such as FIRA 
and ecovadis.
3. Product/service assessment:
In the final phase to be further addressed in 2014, we will focus on 
assessing the sustainability of the products and services sourced. we regard 
circular purchasing as a key future model of procurement and have already 
begun to integrate it into our procurement practices. 
NN Group has a similar sourcing process in place. In December 2013, its 
management approved a new procurement policy, including a specific 
chapter on Sustainable procurement. In this chapter a specific reference is 
made to the uN Global Compact principles. In addition, each procurement 
category has been working on an analysis of the sustainability risks and 
opportunities. An overview of existing sustainability initiatives per category 
is in place. engagement with our suppliers will be an important element  
in our approach going forward.
partnerships in sustainable procurement 
this year, ING bank and NN Group partnered with FIRA Sustainability b.v. 
to screen and assess the sustainability performance of suppliers. the pilot 
conducted this year was largely successful, with a positive response rate  
of 85% of a small select group of suppliers for voluntary assessments in 
the Netherlands. the FIRA platform is now embedded in our RFp (Request 
for proposal) process for Facility management suppliers in the Netherlands  
and will be expanded to other procurement domains in 2014. 
the FIRA platform provides us with the opportunity to connect with 
sustainable suppliers through FIRA’s database of assessed suppliers. 
Furthermore, FIRA will provide verification services for assurance of 
suppliers’ sustainability commitments and claims. In 2014, ING will obtain  
a bronze level assessment from FIRA which means that FIRA assessed our 
sustainability commitment against ISo26000 standards. 
ING bank also partnered with the sustainability supply management 
agency ecovadis. this organisation operates the first collaborative platform 
that enables companies to monitor the sustainability performance of 
suppliers across 150 sectors and 95 countries. through the initial pilot 
phase, we will aim to assess 100 selected cross-border suppliers on their 
sustainability performance.
In 2013, we joined 22 other Dutch companies involved in the National 
Circular purchasing ’Green Deal’. this is a commitment to making circular 
purchasing an integral part of our procurement process over the next three 
years. In practice, we are shifting from a linear to a circular purchasing 
model. In other words, we are moving from purchasing goods that are 
typically wasted after usage, to purchasing services through results-based 
contracts such as renting or leasing.
6.3 – Sustainable 
procurement
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
64


Page 66:
Specific projects in this area include:
 — Identifying additional sustainable commuting solutions for our employees
 — entering into contracts where products are returned to the 
manufacturer for recycling or reuse
 — working to reduce packaging waste and transportation needs related 
to product delivery.
CARpet ReCYCLING At NN GRoup
millions of square metres of worn-out carpet are thrown away  
every year, often burned or dumped at landfill sites, leading to the 
destruction of valuable raw materials. In the recent renovation of our 
office in the hague, the Netherlands, we took steps to ensure that 
roughly 9,500 m2 of used carpets was safely taken back and recycled. 
NN Group received a take back™ certificate from carpet supplier 
Desso, as a guarantee that the material is recycled according to  
Cradle to Cradle principles. A grand total of 37,340 kilograms of 
carpet tiles were separated at Desso’s innovative Refinity® separation 
plant. the yarn is sent back to a yarn supplier for recycling and will be 
used for new carpets. the bitumen for the backing is sold to the road 
and roofing industry. All non-recyclable fractions are used as 
secondary fuel in the cement industry.
A carpet take back of this scale does not happen often in the 
Netherlands. the ’haagse poort’ carpet project is said to be an 
example to make responsible use of available resources. the success 
was mainly due to the cooperation between all parties involved, 
including Desso Nederland, the owner of the building and the facility 
management and procurement teams at our insurance and investment 
management business in the Netherlands.
energy alternative: procuring renewable energy
As a financial services company, we primarily use electricity to power  
our offices and branches, and also to run our data centres. we strongly 
encourage the use of renewable energy in countries where it is available. 
however, availability remains challenging in some areas, like in Romania.
6.3 – Sustainable procurement 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
65


Page 67:
our data management system
In 2013, we updated our environmental management tool to increase  
the reliability and accuracy of publicly reported data on various aspects of 
our sustainability performance. the updated tool reflects changes in our 
organisation and the increased maturity of our environmental reporting 
since 2009, when the first platform was custom built for our use. 
*  Scope 1: comprises of emissions from our use of natural gas and fuel oil; 
  Scope 2: comprises of emissions from our use of electricity, renewable electricity 
and district heating;
   Scope 3: comprises of emissions from our business travel by air and car.
A new baseline
2013 will be considered as the new set of data. when there are  
significant organisational changes, the baseline is changed. In such a way 
that energy consumption and emissions are measured and are comparable 
each year. Significant will mean at least an impact of 5% of the Co2 
emissions. both ISo 14064-1 and the GhG protocol require that a baseline 
recalculation policy is put into place. For more information, see our 
reporting protocol for the calculations of 2013 on ING.com. this will be 
used and updated every year to assess whether or not a business unit  
will be included. 
Considering the current organisational changes planned for ING, we  
will assess future performance against an average baseline of two years. 
meaning the target of a Co2 emissions decrease on absolute level of 7% 
will be benchmarked against an average of the prior two years. this will  
then be calculated every year to provide a more accurate comparable 
foundation for emissions calculations.
6.4 – monitoring and 
reporting environmental 
performance
Group Co2 emissions in kilotonne
 total carbon Scope 1* 29.4
 total carbon Scope 2* 59.0
 total carbon Scope 3* 49.5
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
66


Page 68:
Co2 emissions
bReAKDowN oF eNeRGY CoNSumptIoN (CARboN emISSIoNS IN KILotoNNe)
6.4 – monitoring and reporting 
environmental performance continued
ING bank 2013 2012 2011
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
 e lectricity 78 43 101 60 144 69
 Renewable electricity 228 0 235 0 230 0
 Natural gas 102 24 103 21 123 25
 Fuel oil 7 2 9 2 8 2
 District heating 23 5 23 2 24 3
total energy 438* 74* 471 85 529 99
total energy per Fte* 8.5 1.5 8.8 1.6 7.9 1.5
NN Group 2013 2012 2011
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
 e lectricity 15 8 38 23 34 19
 Renewable electricity 27 0 83 0 80 0
 Natural gas 18 4 19 4 6 1
 Fuel oil 0 0 0 0 0 0
 District heating 15 3 14 2 2 0
total energy 75* 15 154 29 122 20
*  Due to ING’s divestment strategy, the overall size  
of the company was reduced which resulted in  
a reduction in total energy usage. 
Regarding our non-renewable electricity portfolio, a 
large reduction was made due to a major shift from 
non-renewable to renewable electricity in Germany. 
*  the environmental data reported in 2013 includes 
sales offices/branches dedicated to serve external 
clients, which were not part of the reporting scope 
in previous years. the considerable decline in energy 
consumption of NN Group compared to 2012 can 
be explained by a large decrease in the total number 
of insurance business units. 
*total energy per Fte in mwh and in tonne.
ING Group 2013 2012 2011
Coverage (% of employees) 78 77 79
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
MWH 
(x 1.000)
KILO-
TONNE
 e lectricity 93 52 139 84 179 87
 Renewable electricity 255 0 318 0 311 0
 Natural gas 120 28 122 25 128 26
 Fuel oil 7 2 9 2 8 2
 District heating 38 8 37 4 26 3
total energy 513 89 625 115 652 118
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
67


Page 69:
eNeRGY CoNSumptIoN AND CARboN emISSIoNS thRouGh buSINeSS tRAveL bY CAR AND AIR  
(CARboN emISSIoNS IN KILotoNNe)
6.4 – monitoring and reporting 
environmental performance continued
ING Group 2013 2012 2011
Coverage  
(% of employees) 91 74 75
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
 Car travel 150 28 122 31 90 22
 Air travel 146 21 197 24 243 29
total travel 296 49 319 55 333 51
NN Group 2013 2012 2011
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
 Car travel 53 10 59 15 16 4
 Air travel 24* 4* 68 8 102 12
total travel 77 14 127 23 118 16
*  Due to ING’s divestment strategy, the overall size of NN Group was reduced which resulted in a reduction 
in air travel.
ING bank 2013 2012 2011
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
KM  
(x 1 MILLION) KILOTONNE
 Car travel 97* 18* 62 16 74 18
 Air travel 122 17 130 16 141 17
total travel 219 35 192 32 215 35
*  ING bank in the Netherlands reports on lease kilometers, which were not included in the reporting scope 
in previous years. As a rule, one third of the lease kilometres driven by employees are reported.
total travel carbon  
per Fte in tonne
– 0.69 – 0.78 – 0.64
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
68


Page 70:
Carbon offsetting
we offset 100% of our remaining carbon emissions through the purchase 
of voluntary Carbon units (vCus) from wind power projects in China.  
to offset 2013 emissions, pre-Clean Development mechanism (pre-CDm) 
carbon credits were purchased from the wuxianglang project – a 
new-build wind plant with total installed capacity of 150mw. Carbon 
credits bought by ING are booked in an international market vCu registry. 
when compensating Co2 emissions from our operations, an equal amount 
of carbon credits is booked and deleted from our account.
CARboN emISSIoNS extRApoLAteD (IN KILotoNNe)
6.4 – monitoring and reporting 
environmental performance continued
*  Scope 1: comprises of emissions from our use of natural gas and fuel oil; 
  Scope 2: comprises of emissions from our use of electricity, renewable electricity 
and district heating;
   Scope 3: comprises of emissions from our business travel by air and car.
2013 2012 2011
Coverage (% of employees) 81 75 77
ING bank total carbon 109 117 133
NN Group total carbon 29 52 36
ING Group total carbon 138 169 169
total carbon per Fte in tonne 2.2 2.4 2.1
total extrapolated carbon 169 209 225
ING Group total carbon Scope 1* 29.4 27.0 28.1
total carbon Scope 2* 59.0 87.7 90.1
total carbon Scope 3* 49.5 54.7 51.0
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
69


Page 71:
6.5 – progress report
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID
we will focus on lowering our direct  
environmental footprint
In 2013, the total extrapolated amount of carbon emissions from our 
business operations decreased from 209 to 169 kilotonnes compared  
to 2012 and per Fte from 2.4 to 2.2 tonnes.
we will increase the scope of our  
sustainability procurement programme
we have developed a new ING bank procurement Charter. this charter 
defines the governing principles for organising, managing and conducting 
procurement activities globally. In 2013, we focused on implementing our 
principles of sustainable procurement throughout our global supply chain.
NN Group adopted a new procurement policy covering updated 
sustainability requirements based on the uN Global Compact.
LooKING FoRwARD
ING Bank 
to achieve our group-wide targets, we rely on our country offices 
implementing environmental initiatives at a local level. Some countries 
have already set ambitious targets while others are continuing to build 
their environmental programmes. 
by 2020, ING bank aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 7%  
from 2013 levels by:
 — Implementing efficiency measures in the most relevant areas  
of operations.
 — Raising the share of energy procurement from renewable sources  
for our own use to 80%.
In the Netherlands, ING bank’s goal is to achieve a 30% reduction  
in Co2 emissions by 2020 compared to 2005 levels. the environmental 
management team in the Netherlands has a 2016 action plan to achieve 
this, based on forecasts in carbon intensive areas of operation.
NN Group 
In line with the Dutch ’meerjarenAfspraak 3’, NN Group aims to  
achieve a 30% reduction in Co2 emissions in its Dutch operations by 
2020 compared to 2005. we will do this through implementing energy 
efficiency measures and seeking green alternatives.
 
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
70


Page 72:
7 – engaging 
our employees
Zoltán Hajtó
hR Director at ING bank hungary
How does ING Hungary ensure that the employees have  
access to information about their rights and responsibilities?
ING hungary developed an employee handbook which provides 
employees a summary on subjects like remuneration, holidays, working 
organisation, dress code. It has been uploaded to the hR public site, to be 
accessible for all staff.
the detailed hR related regulations are available in separate policies – such 
as the training policy or the Joiners and Leavers policy – available on the hR 
public site. Newcomers are informed about the relevant hR policy and 
practice information in two phases; at hR on their first working day, the 
second is at the integration training where more detailed information is 
provided. New joiners can also visit our intranet site about any employment 
related information they require. we organise regular orientation sessions 
to gain an insight on all areas of the bank where existing colleagues are 
also welcome to join.
How different is the situation at ING for employees  
within the local context and labour laws?
thanks to the work Agreement we can better comply with local regulations 
and could improve the reputation of our works Council as a social partner. 
the whole financial sector is in a very turbulent environment, which results 
in a lot of uncertainties concerning the future of the banks. the ING 
employees have a transparent and predictable system of social relations, 
under the umbrella of the work Agreement which is a sign that we count 
on our staff as accountable individuals who are contributors of our success.
What have been the challenges and the advantages  
of an employees’ Works Council?
we should differentiate the two phases of the works Council: before 2012 
and after. Since 2012 we have a new Labour Code in force in hungary.  
the former Code provided limited power to the work Council, which was a 
simple co-decision body of the staff. even if the regulation was not generous 
the works Council was recognised as a professional social partner of the 
employer. we have discussions twice a year on the economic situation of  
the bank, and have organised consultations for relevant decisions or projects. 
Since 2012 the Labour Code allows the opportunity to regulate almost all 
the topics of a Collective agreement in a work Agreement in case there is no 
trade union. based on this we have started the negotiations with our local 
work Council and after a few months we signed our own work Agreement. 
thanks to this new regulation sensitive topics like disciplinary rules or data 
protection could be covered. I am convinced the relationship with works 
Council is a fair partnership and our staff recognises them as an important 
organisation to express their opinion.
Creating a great working 
environment that encourages our 
people to develop their skills, grow 
personally and professionally and 
achieve their full potential.
Contents in this chapter
7 e ngaging our employees 71
7.1 e ngaging our employees: at a glance 72
7.2 b eing a responsible employer 73
7.3 building a professional and accountable culture 75
7.4 p romoting an inclusive and balanced culture 77
7.5 m easuring our performance as an employer 79
7.6 p rogress report 80
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
71


Page 73:
7.1 – engaging our 
employees: at a glance
our approach
the financial sector is under great scrutiny and experiencing significant 
change. we are redefining what kind of bank and what kind of insurance 
business we want to be, how we can help our customers get ahead, and 
what we can contribute to society. to help us rise to these challenges,  
we must attract, retain and develop the right talent by being simpler, 
stronger and a more sustainable employer.
Focus areas
we believe that employees who are able and engaged and are determined 
to get the best out of themselves will help us be the preferred financial 
partner for our customers, our investors and for society at large. when we 
succeed, it will be because of our capabilities, our engagement and our 
collaboration across the organisation. 
 — being a responsible employer
 — helping employees through change
 — building a professional and accountable culture
 — promoting an inclusive and balanced culture
ouR RepoRtING FRAmewoRK
ouR CommItmeNtS  S ImpLeR  St RoNGeR  Su StAINAbLe
Engaging our employees A simpler organisation is easier  
to manage and will enable us  
to provide more attention and 
support to our people.
we support and develop our people 
in order to help them better serve 
our customers. we seek to 
continuously equip them with the 
skills and approach needed for us to 
thrive in a rapidly-changing business 
and sector. this approach enhances 
the professionalism and 
engagement of everyone at ING 
and enhances customer loyalty, our 
financial results and our reputation.
our long-term business success 
depends not only on being resilient 
to change, but also on a motivated 
workforce. we expect the highest 
levels of personal conduct and 
integrity from employees.
hIGhLIGhtS
 — ING bank won seven top employer Awards
 — euR 74 million spent on employee training and development
 — Sustained engagement score for ING bank despite major 
organisation changes.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
72


Page 74:
7.2 – being a 
responsible employer
ING bank’s strategic hR priorities
63,805
employees  
at ING bank
€60m
spent on training  
and development
45.4/54.6
female/male  
gender ratio
our focus at ING bank is to partner with management by advising, 
developing and challenging them as leaders and professionals with the 
objective of increasing professionalism and engagement within the larger 
employee base. we believe motivated and well-equipped employees will 
lead to better-serviced customers which in turn is good for our overall 
performance. our ambitions are based on five strategic hR priorities:
Creating a lean and agile bank
with a low cost base, limited organisational layers and optimised spans  
of control.
Developing inspirational and collaborative leaders
Leaders with a shared understanding of our strategic priorities, are aware 
and equipped for their own role in achieving ING’s business and people 
objectives and are role models.
Building deep professionalism and personal accountability
we drive personal accountability, strengthen feedback and ensure our 
people have the deep professionalism to execute.
Striving for HR excellence and collaboration
our drive for excellence and collaboration is underpinned by continuously 
simplifying, standardising and improving key hR processes.
Establishing ING Bank as a Top Employer
It is our ambition to be perceived and recognised by the external market 
and our employees as a top employer. 
Case study   ING bANK’S top empLoYeR 
pRoGRAmme
the top employer programme is centred on 22 standards which  
help us to consistently attract, develop, and retain the best people. 
ING’s top employer standards determine ’what’ we want to achieve, 
the local teams determine ’how’ they will achieve it based on a local 
gap analysis, local priorities and action plans. human Resource 
management teams across the global organisation have the target to 
implement the 22 standards by 2014. every country business unit has 
a local top employer team driving the implementation supported by 
the local Ceo. 
Across the banking businesses, best practices are shared in the three 
global priorities identified to bring more focus and consistency to the 
top employer programme: performance management, development, 
and efficient & effective collaboration. we track our progress via the 
global and local top employer dashboards and also use these 
platforms to share best practices.
In 2013, 17 local top employer teams, covered most of our employee 
population. Altogether, our teams were successful in winning seven 
top employer awards. 
 
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
73


Page 75:
NN Group’s strategic hR priorities
€14m
spent on training  
and development
48.5/5 1 .5
female/male  
gender ratio
At NN Group, we believe that our employees are the ones that make  
our strategy come to life. we invest in their personal and professional 
development and aim to provide them with the tools they need to be 
successful and to create a work environment that supports their physical 
and mental wellbeing. we appreciate effort and reward results.
we seek to empower our people to make a positive difference to our 
customers. we believe that the success of customer-centricity at NN Group 
lies in the behaviours of our people. through organisational culture 
programmes, we are connecting our employee value proposition to our 
customer proposition. 
we strive to create an inclusive corporate culture that welcomes, 
acknowledges, respects, challenges and benefits from each other’s 
differences. we endorse a culture that welcomes and respects everyone and 
by this creates room for full engagement and makes innovation happen.
we have developed a set of common corporate values to reflect the 
strategic direction of the insurance and investment management 
organisation. these values – we are Clear, we Care, we Commit – describe 
how we deliver on strategy in our everyday business, and how we move 
from strategy to execution. they provide a simple framework that any 
business, department, team or individual can use to evaluate and improve 
their own performance or business process. our core values provide a clear 
basis for key behaviours that will guide our employees through the 
organisational change. 
equipping our employees  
to effectively deal with change
2013 was a year of major transition for a number of business units within 
ING’s global operations. we are committed to supporting employees who 
are directly affected by organisational changes. At the same time, we focus 
on retaining the right talent and ensuring that our people remain engaged 
and able to take charge of change.
In February 2013 a second phase of ING bank’s Retail Netherlands’ cost 
reduction programme was announced on top of the programme announced 
in November 2011, followed by an extension of the existing cost-saving 
programme in the fourth quarter of 2013. Including this extension, total 
headcount reductions are 4,400 Ftes and will result in euR 460 million 
annual cost savings by 2015. Since the start of the programme, there has 
been a reduction of about 2,900 Ftes. 
In the last quarter of 2012, NN Group announced a reorganisation for  
its insurance and investment management operations in the Netherlands.  
the estimated headcount reduction associated with this programme is 
1,350 Ftes over the period 2013–2014. by the end of 2013, a reduction  
of 818 Ftes was realised. the restructuring process has led to stronger 
governance and better integration of support functions. to guide the 
organisation through these challenging processes, we introduced numerous 
initiatives to provide employees with training, coaching and consulting.
7.2 – being a responsible 
employer continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
74


Page 76:
7.3 – building a professional 
and accountable culture
ING’s roots can be traced back to 1881. we have experienced great 
change since then and our culture today is expressed by ’orange Spirit’. 
this is the spirit that guides us as we set our priorities, and lies at the heart 
of how we do things at ING. Although we speak many languages, we all 
aim to share the same values. Regardless of our background we remain 
entrepreneurial and dedicated, and committed to doing business in a fair 
and responsible way. 
Responsible remuneration
the primary objective of the remuneration policy is to enable us to retain 
and recruit qualified and expert leaders, senior staff and other highly 
qualified employees. we endeavour to match compensation appropriately 
against a variety of factors, such as the complexity of functions, the scope 
of responsibilities, the alignment of risks and rewards, international legislation 
and the long-term objectives of the company and its stakeholders. this is 
more important still in light of the changing international standards regarding 
responsible remuneration. these factors differ for each role, line of 
business and country. wherever possible for a global financial institution  
of our size, we aim to take account of these differences and also of the 
standards applied within similar financial institutions in the various 
countries where we operate. 
Remuneration policy for the Executive Board
According to the remuneration policy for the executive board as adopted  
by the AGm on 27 April 2010 and amended by the AGm on 9 may 2011, 
remuneration of executive board members consists of a combination of 
fixed compensation (base salary) and variable remuneration (together  
’total direct compensation’), pension arrangements and benefits.
Increased focus on risk and non-financial performance
variable remuneration is linked to risk and non-financial performance  
and will take into consideration both individual and company performance 
criteria. performance measurement will account for estimated risks and 
costs of capital. In addition to financial indicators, performance will also  
be assessed based on non-financial drivers, by means of a number of 
targets regarding economic, environmental, customer satisfaction and 
social criteria. more information on remuneration can be found in the  
ING Group Annual Report 2013, pages 81 to 87.
employee learning and development
every employee is entitled to and goes through a performance 
management process on an annual basis. part of this process is to allocate 
a budget to each employee for both professional development and 
training, as well as personal development. with the current restructuring 
of the organisation and in view of divestments and staff redundancies, we 
believe that it is important for employees to be well prepared for a career 
inside as well as outside ING. this helps us to build a more engaged and 
skilled workforce while also enabling our employees to take a long-term 
view of their career. 
Executive development 
management board: In accordance with the banking and Insurance Codes, 
annual education programmes are in place for both the supervisory board 
and the management boards for banking and insurance. these learning 
programmes cover relevant developments at the bank and in the financial 
sector, corporate governance in general and in the financial sector in 
particular, the duty of care towards the client, integrity, risk management, 
financial reporting and audits. throughout last year, the board received 
education on these topics.
FINANCIAL peRFoRmANCe INDICAtoRS INCLuDe: NoN-FINANCIAL peRFoRmANCe INDICAtoRS INCLuDe:
1. underlying net profit for ING Group
2. Reduce double leverage in ING Group
3. Reduce the loan-to-deposit ratio of ING bank
4. Reduce leverage in ING uS in preparation for Ipo base case
5. Reduce leverage in Insurance eurAsia to prepare for standalone future
1.  Reinforce ’Customer First/Suitability’ culture of transparency,  
honesty, integrity and societal awareness
2. Strengthen key stakeholder relationships
3.  Improve employee engagement across the banking and  
Insurance operations
4. Improve leadership capabilities and strengthen leadership pipeline
5. on sustainability: improve sustainable business practices
6. Align operational excellence Group-wide
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
75


Page 77:
Senior executives: we believe it is important for our leaders to have the 
qualities they need to lead the company towards success. we strive to 
provide them with the appropriate development opportunities and 
assignments. In turn, our leaders create opportunities for our employees  
to develop and take on challenging assignments and career paths, thus 
creating a participative culture. 
For example, in 2013, ING bank’s management council (top 100) and 
executives from country management teams, participated in a leadership 
development programme simulating a bird’s-eye-view of an entire, 
integrated bank with associated challenges and trade-offs, allowing them 
to test strategy and decision making and learn from the results.
At NN Group, we have developed various international and local initiatives 
to continuously improve the strength of our succession bench by paying 
special attention to the high-potential individuals within our company.  
we provide these people with various development programmes which 
aim to connect our next generation of leaders to our current leadership 
team and strategy.
Professional development 
A solid professional development curriculum is offered through the various 
academies at a country and business level. At corporate level we support 
this by, among other initiatives, offering a rich e-learning suite containing 
350 modules on topics such as basel 3, Risk management, treasury and 
Financial markets.
NN Group also offers specific training and development programmes  
for employees. In 2013, these included Art of Insurance, Art of Asset 
management, as well as the First Line manager and high Impact 
performance programmes.
Talent development
the ING International talent programme is our bank’s global trainee 
programme, where international graduates are attracted, selected, 
on-boarded and developed using a clearly defined framework. the trainees 
are offered a three-year curriculum that provides a rich blend of both 
leadership development and core banking skills. this gives our trainees a 
solid foundation in terms of banking knowledge and supports their growth 
in becoming role models for our values and leadership standards. 
NN Group’s Generation 2020 programme is being developed for 2014.  
It focuses on strategy, business innovation and product development by 
involving early and mid-career talents as a sounding board for Group-wide 
strategic initiatives. we aim to enable these individuals to become 
ambassadors of the strategic initiatives to the rest of the organisation.  
In addition, we are working on a course for all employees, covering induction 
and the fundamentals of insurance and asset management. Available in 
different media formats, this project is targeted for roll-out during 2014.
Case study   StRAteGY CReAtIoN AND 
ImpLemeNtAtIoN At NN GRoup:  
tALeNt CouNCIL
our talent Council programme took place for the third time in 2013. 
potentials from all our business units participated in the programme, 
which provides a safe environment for practising real-life business 
challenges, developing strategy creation, selling it and then 
implementing. 
the talent Council fosters a culture of knowledge sharing in our 
organisation by making use of the in-house experience of our subject 
matter experts. It also brings together talented employees from various 
areas of our business and encourages them to come up with an 
innovative idea to a real-life business challenge.
7.3 – building a professional  
and accountable culture continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
76


Page 78:
An extra-financial approach to remuneration
In addition to financial indicators, we aim to further improve our sustainable 
business practices by also assessing performance through non-financial 
indicators. these include customer satisfaction, workforce diversity, 
stakeholder engagement and sustainable business practices. For more 
details of non-financial KpIs used in the performance management of  
our senior teams, please see pages 81-87 of our Annual Report.
Diversity and inclusion
As a responsible employer, we work hard to help our people thrive by 
providing an environment where they feel safe, engaged and welcome. 
therefore, we are committed to building on that inclusive work 
environment and believe that individual talents and capabilities work  
best when deployed in diverse teams. 
when they see matters from different perspectives, employees challenge 
basic assumptions and can help our leaders and customers make the  
right decisions. No matter how different we all are within ING, we have 
one common goal, which is to serve our customers as well as possible.  
this commonality creates a sense of belonging throughout the workplace. 
46/54
female/male gender ratio
Diversity at ING Bank 
For many years, the bank has pursued an ambitious agenda in order to 
create a more diverse workforce and a more inclusive culture. this ambition 
is supported by our management board banking. ING’s Global Diversity 
Council (GDC) includes representatives from the different business lines 
and support functions, and is chaired by the vice chairman of ING. the GDC 
meets at least every quarter. Its aim is to create awareness and encourage 
the participation of the business and support functions in fostering 
diversity policies in their departments and across all countries and regions.
Diversity at NN Group
we believe that an inclusive workforce allows us as a company to better 
service our customers. we are very diverse in terms of nationalities, languages 
and cultures, and aim to create an environment where diversity can flourish. 
we embrace collaboration across various backgrounds and organisational 
areas. we endorse a culture that welcomes and respects everyone and 
creates room for full engagement and makes innovation happen. 
the Inclusion Council (formerly known as the Diversity Council) meets on  
a regular basis to discuss progress on the diversity agenda and to promote 
diversity initiatives. In 2013, we organised a talent day for more than 100 
early career talents while also continuing the Female Leadership Network 
with a dedicated mentoring programme and a two-and-a-half days event. 
we will continue to support employee networks and provide international 
career opportunities to our employees. For 2014, we have reworked our 
focus around three priorities; international inclusion, connection to 
younger generations and female leadership.
our approach to health, safety and well being
healthy, safe and fair working conditions contribute to productivity and 
engagement amongst both management and employees. we employ  
a range of internal communications including our internal web-based 
platform to ensure that employees and managers are familiar with topics 
related to health and safety. we also follow the relevant national and 
international guidelines and workplace health and safety directives.  
these directives set out general principles for the protection of our 
workers’ occupational safety and health. 
Working conditions 
we aim to ensure that working conditions for our people meet all labour 
standards and laws of the countries in which we operate. we only employ 
people above the legal minimum working age and our hR framework is 
designed to provide just and favourable conditions for all. we perform 
regular reviews, taking into account internal and external comparisons, 
broader labour and marketplace developments and issues raised by our 
people or their representatives.
In the Netherlands, the health and Safety department lays down 
requirements for procurement, including of office furniture and It 
resource, the renovation and relocation of buildings/offices, new  
working arrangements and business restructuring.
Work/life balance
balancing work and private life contributes to good health and wellbeing. 
our managers and employees are jointly responsible for maintaining an 
optimal working environment. employees are encouraged to discuss 
matters with their managers if they feel they are under too much stress. 
managers are responsible for making sure that there is a balance between 
the organisation’s objectives and the targets that employees are expected 
to achieve. both parties may ask the health and Safety department for help. 
7.4 – promoting an inclusive 
and balanced culture
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
77


Page 79:
Case study  e NeRGY pRoGRAmme At bANK
What is the challenge?
Due to an ageing population and pension regulations, our employees 
are also expected to work longer. In addition, roles are evolving to 
meet the demands of changing market conditions, regulations, 
technology and competition. we want to make sure that our employees 
are physically, mentally and emotionally fit for their jobs now and in 
the future. 
What we did
our energy@ING programme is based on principles frequently  
applied by top athletes, such as ’manage your energy, not your time’. 
energy@ING is an internet-based programme, complete with 
assessments and e-health apps, that is delivered in combination with 
workshops hosted by former athletes and coaches. participants can 
also consult vitality coaches. the workshops focus on daily energisers 
such as food, water, sleep, relaxation, exercise, the best time for 
meetings, negotiations, and how to solve difficult issues. participants 
are challenged to change their behaviour in a way that is easily 
applicable to everyday life and work.
What we achieved
In the Netherlands, managers are enthusiastic and recommend the 
programme. to date, 3,500 employees have already participated in  
the programme. the results show that behaviours have been changed, 
including improvements in the ability to work, perceived energy levels, 
perceived mental health, sleep habits and nutrition.
Case study  he ALth pRoGRAmmeS At NN GRoup
within our insurance and investment management businesses we 
introduced health programmes in 2013, called CLIC and eNNergise.  
In short, we provide insights and tools to support our staff in 
maintaining healthy lifestyles and increase daily energy levels – to be 
able to perform with excellence every day. It also brings colleagues 
together across teams, business units and countries.
Health and safety monitoring
we have a decentralised approach to health and safety risk management. 
At a country level, local business units monitor and evaluate risks based on 
the local regulatory and corporate environment. however, basic minimum 
health and safety requirements exist in all our offices. Interpretation  
and implementation is in line with the identified risks within the local 
employee population.
we regularly monitor compliance with our health and safety policies, with 
incidents per business line reported quarterly through the Non-Financial 
Risk Dashboard. the risk of incidents occurring and the appropriate 
mitigation measures are summarised and presented at board level. 
Safety risk monitoring
the consolidation of security risks has been in force for several years, and 
during 2013 we extended this process to safety risks. while the law requires 
that we maintain a risk inventory, in addition we now also use the Non-
Financial Risk dashboard as a management tool to consolidate identified 
health issues across the business. Risk consolidation through the dashboard 
includes risk identification, evaluation and prioritisation and implementation 
of an appropriate action plan. Security incidents are assessed quarterly 
within the operational risk management process.
upholding employee rights 
Human rights
we consider certain human rights fundamental and universal for our 
workforce. these include the right to freedom of association, the right to 
collective bargaining and freedom from discrimination based on race, colour, 
sex, religion, political opinion and national and social origin. we support  
the elimination of all forms of forced labour and child labour. we uphold the 
rights proclaimed in the universal Declaration of human Rights and aim to 
respect human rights in all our global operations. these rights include those 
of our employees and of the people who are affected by our operations.
In December 2006, we adopted a human Rights Statement which 
expresses our commitment to supporting international labour rights for our 
employees. we have assessed the implications of the uN Framework and 
Guiding principles on business and human Rights (the Ruggie framework) 
on our business. 
Collective bargaining and freedom of association
we uphold the freedom of association for all our employees and recognise 
the right to collective bargaining as laid down by International Labour 
organisation convention No. 87 and 98. the way in which we consult 
employees depends on local legislation and culture. In some countries, 
employee consultation is a legal requirement. In many european countries, 
employee consultation is arranged via works councils. At group level,  
we intend to proactively encourage local employee participation in those 
european countries where it is not already established.
At our insurance businesses in the Netherlands, a three-year collective 
labour agreement was signed, which included the goal of stabilising labour 
costs as well as the integration of westland utrecht employees into 
Nationale-Nederlanden bank.
7.4 – promoting an inclusive  
and balanced culture continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
78


Page 80:
the annual employee engagement surveys are a vehicle designed to  
hear the voice of our employees and better understand what helps or 
hinders them to execute our strategy. It stimulates dialogue and helps  
our organisation to determine concrete actions for improvement and  
to measure progress. 
employee engagement at ING bank
81%
of ING bank employees 
answered the survey
74%
of ING bank employees  
said they were ’engaged’
For another consecutive year we recorded a strong response rate of  
81% on our engagement survey, the overall new ’sustainable engagement’* 
score was 74%, showing a slight improvement over last year (73%). 
Compared to towers watson’s benchmarks, ING scores above the global 
average norm of all industries and slightly below the average of the GFS 
(Global Financial Services) norm. 
the results demonstrated increased confidence in the long-term future  
of the company. In addition, they endorsed our ongoing commitment to 
customer focus and showed that our continuous efforts to improve the 
customer experience, and the flexibility we give employees to better serve 
customers, are paying off. the survey also highlighted improvements in 
career development and retention. 
opportunities remain for us to improve the efficiency and organisation  
of our work processes. Furthermore, employees feel that we can speed  
up the pace at which we move from strategy to implementation.
moving forward, all departments and teams are requested to review  
the outcomes of the wpC and find opportunities to strengthen and 
improve them.
employee engagement at NN Group
82%
of NN Group employees 
answered the survey
67%
of NN Group employees  
said they were ’engaged’
the annual YeS! survey (Yearly employee Survey) asks our people how they 
feel about our company, their business unit, team and manager. NN Group 
defines engagement based on four indicators: satisfaction, pride, advocacy 
and intention to stay. we want to maintain what we are doing well and 
improve what we can do better. the survey helps us gain insight into the 
opinions of our employees and is an important starting point for a 
dialogue between managers and their teams.
the response rate in 2013 was 82%, showing that our employees feel 
encouraged to express their views and opinions. the engagement score 
was 67%, demonstrating that in times of significant change we need to 
pay attention to maintain good levels of commitment. 
NN Group executed several organisational changes in 2012 including the 
delayering of the support functions and acceleration of the transformation 
programme at our insurance businesses in the Netherlands. 
taking these major changes into account we can see that support offered 
in these challenging times paid off, showing a limited impact of the 
changes on the overall engagement score.
Looking ahead, the dynamic environment we face in 2014 means that 
instead of one extensive survey we will run pulse surveys to monitor 
progress, and will return to the annual YeS! survey in 2015.
empLoYee eNGAGemeNt SCoRe IN YeS! SuRveY  
(IN % oF empLoYeeS)
7.5 – measuring our 
performance as an employer
2013 67
2012 70
2011 67
*Introduced in 2013.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
79


Page 81:
7.6 – progress report
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID
we will invest in opportunities for the personal and 
professional development of our employees
At ING bank we spent euR 60 million and at NN Group euR 14 million on 
training and development for our employees, as supplied by external parties.
we aim to improve the engagement of our employees For ING bank the engagement score is measured in the wpC survey.  
the response rate was 81%. the overall score was 74%*, showing a slight 
improvement over last year (73%).
At NN Group the engagement score is measured in the YeS! survey.  
the response rate was 82%. the overall engagement score was 67%, 
showing a slight decrease compared to last year (70%).
*  In 2012 ING bank introduced a sustainable engagement score based on nine questions and for which we had an index of 73% in 2012 and 74% in 2013.  
the score in 2012 using the previous methodology of four questions was 68%.
empLoYee eNGAGemeNt SCoRe IN wINNING 
peRFoRmANCe SCAN – ING bANK (% oF empLoYeeS)
outCome wINNING peRFoRmANCe SCAN  
– ING bANK (% oF empLoYeeS)
Engagement 76
Recommendation of ING 68
Pride in ING 76
Belief in goals and objectives 76
Discretionary effort 85
Enablement 70
No obstacles to doing job 68
Being well equipped 65
Team’s ability to meet challenges 77
Energy 76
Energy to work effectively 78
Sense of personal accomplishment 75
ING Bank overall – 2013 74
ING Bank overall  – 2012 73
2013 74
2012 73
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
80


Page 82:
NN Group
2013 51.548.5
2012 52.347.7
2011 50.649.4
7.6 – progress report 
continued
buDGet tRAINING AND DeveLopmeNt empLoYeeS
totAL woRKFoRCe GeNDeR bReAKDowN (IN % oF empLoYeeS)
2013 60
2012 63
2011 69
ING Bank – in € millions
ING Bank
2013* 54.645.4
2012 50.149.9
2011 50.449.6
2013 14
2012 18
2011 17
NN Group – in € millions
ING Group
2013 54.046.0
2012 50.849.2
2011 50.449.6
2013 74
2012 81
2011 86
ING Group – in € millions
2013 947
2012 969
ING Bank – per FTE
2013 954
2012 947
NN Group – per FTE
2013 949
2012 964
ING Group – per FTE
  Female   male
*  the shift in the gender ratio in favour of males  
in 2013 is partly due to the inclusion of ING vysya 
India and the exclusion of divested businesses.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
81


Page 83:
NN Group
2013 7525
2012 7426
NN Group
2013 53.8*46.2*
2012 67.732.3
2011 66.533.5
7.6 – progress report 
continued
mANAGeR oveRSeeING otheR mANAGeRS (IN % oF empLoYeeS)
INteRNAtIoNAL mANAGemeNt CouNCIL (IN % oF empLoYeeS)*
ING Bank
2013 8515
2012 8614
ING Bank
2013 74.925.1
2012 76.623.4
2011 76.223.8
ING Group
2013 8218
2012 8317
2011 8416
ING Group
2013 65.035.0
2012 73.526.5
2011 72.327.7
  Female   male
  Female   male
*  the large differences can be related to a change in 
definition; supervisor instead of manager overseeing 
other managers.
*  we report ING bank and NN Group separately  
since management Council was divided over  
ING bank management Council (95 members)  
and NN Group top 50 (53 members).
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
82


Page 84:
Awards 2013
ING bank: ING France, ING Italy, ING poland, ING belgium and ING Spain 
received local top employer Awards. ING Luxembourg, Interhyp, ING-Diba 
and ING Spain have also received european Great place to work Awards, 
placing them in the top 25 of the best multinational workplaces in europe. 
NN Group: our efforts to provide a better workplace for our employees 
have been rewarded by a number of awards. For example, ING Asigurari 
de viata Romania (Insurance Romania) won the category for the hR 
Strategy category for their employer value proposition, awarded by the 
Romanian hR Community and the hR professionals Associations in 
Romania (hR Club). 
LooKING FoRwARD
ING Bank 
Despite our best efforts, we are not yet closing the gender gap in  
the number of women in senior management positions fast enough.  
to address this, the management board banking has identified eight key 
actions for 2014 to support our target of having 33% of women in top 
management roles. In order to address our diversity and inclusion agenda, 
we have developed a customised action plan for 2014, which includes:
 — Re-introduction of exit interviews for our top management
 — Introduction of stay interviews for our most senior women within  
the organisation
 — Selecting around 25 senior women and offering them further 
development and exposure at top management level
 — Improving the pipeline of women by hiring at least 60% female 
graduate candidates
 — Including at least one woman on every recruitment and selection 
short-list
 — Adopting diversity metrics to ensure we can measure and report  
on a quarterly basis.
NN Group 
NN Group is formulating its people strategy for its standalone future.  
the strategy will focus on anticipating business and societal changes, 
building strong data and analytics capabilities, and at the same time 
improving efficiency in our processes. we will execute plans based on the 
feedback from the employee survey and we will re-evaluate the way we 
measure engagement to better fit our business and employees of the 
future. Inclusion and diversity remain important topics with priorities on 
connecting to Generation 2020, harvesting benefits of our international 
diversity and strengthening female leadership.
 
7.6 – progress report 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
83


Page 85:
8 – Creating positive 
change in communities 
Stakeholder Q&A Project partners Orange Drops programme
orange Drops programme ING bank turkey
orange Drops, ING bank turkey’s programme to educate schoolchildren 
about the importance of saving, is helping to build the case for including 
financial education in the national school curriculum – one student at a 
time. Developed in partnership with Koç university and the turkish 
ministry of education and the Regional environment Centre, this eight-
week, financial education programme for eight and nine-year olds aims to 
strengthen children’s attitude towards saving and to expand their horizons 
on basic financial concepts, such as forward-looking behaviour, limited 
resources, needs and wants, budgeting, being patient and taking a role  
in group decisions.
How does the programme align with social and economic  
priorities in Turkey?
(project partners: Istanbul mem, ING bank, Koç university,  
Regional environment Centre)
Dr. Muammer Yildiz,  
Istanbul Provincial Director of National Education (MY):
the issue of saving is important in all countries. At individual, institutional 
and national levels, we all need to take urgent action. turkey may have 
abundant resources, but they are not endless and any delay will lead to 
waste. through our organisation, we are training the adults of the future 
– and this is a vital mission. we have influence in areas ranging from 
education and environmental awareness to savings awareness, and can 
help guide today’s children in how to use financial and material resources 
economically. 
Rıfat Ünal Sayman, Director REC Turkey (RÜS):
the project aimed to induce positive behavioural changes by increasing the 
financial literacy of teachers, students and parents. It focuses on transforming 
current over-consumption patterns to become more sustainable through 
raising awareness of limited resources, and supporting students to adopt 
behaviours such as being patient and acting as a member of a community.
Professor Sule Alan and Dr. Seda Ertac from Koç University (SA/SE):
the programme aligns with two important social and economic issues in 
turkey: low personal rates of saving; and the lack of financial literacy that 
drives this situation. the problem of inadequate savings, limited financial 
market participation and individual debt is a growing concern for 
governments worldwide. these outcomes are often associated with 
inadequate financial knowledge (low or lack of financial literacy), and 
frequently imply low life satisfaction and increasing reliance on state 
transfers and taxes. Recent surveys have revealed that people everywhere, 
including turkey, lack the knowledge to make informed financial decisions. 
As an emerging middle income country, turkey suffers from a chronically 
we invest in communities  
through global and local actions.  
we prioritise our initiatives around 
the strategic themes that match our 
skills and expertise and where we 
believe can make the most positive 
and long-term impact.
Contents in this chapter
8 Creating positive change in communities  84
8.1  Creating positive change in communities:  
at a glance 86
8.2 e ducating children 87
8.3  p romoting financial empowerment  
and entrepreneurship 89
8.4 Support for local themes 91
8.5 p rogress report 93
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
84


Page 86:
low rate of personal savings, reflected in its large current account deficit. 
the programme considers this situation to be a structural and a 
behavioural problem, and proposes a long-term solution: financial literacy 
education, targeting early years.
How did the multi-stakeholder approach add value?
MY:
we value collaboration with the private sector, government institutions  
and non-governmental organisations. experience shows that it strengthens 
our own organisation and leads to significant achievements, including 
synergies and savings. So we decided to base this project on a broad base 
with multiple stakeholders. of course, having many stakeholders also gives 
us access to many different ideas and proposals. A key challenge is to 
reconcile these different viewpoints through cooperation and partnership. 
RÜS:
this project was delivered by a range of experts with specialist skills and 
knowledge including: the scientific knowledge of Koç university; official 
support and authority from the ministry; ReC turkey’s international 
experience; and ING’s financial and technical support. Furthermore, 
collaboration with school principals ensured commitment from teachers 
and participation among students. the project gathered stakeholders’ 
views to evaluate the current structure, search for better alternatives, 
identify best practices and develop unique tools.
SA/SE:
most successful corporate social responsibility projects follow a multi-
stakeholder approach to ensure quality and sustainability. ING bank turkey 
adopted this approach and collaborated directly with the public sector,  
civil society and academia. ING also worked with prestigious research 
funding agencies via the project’s renowned researchers, prof. Dr Sule Alan 
and Dr. Seda ertac. the collaboration ensured that training programmes 
ran smoothly and that impact evaluation was carried out with full  
scientific integrity.
Why is it important to invest in financial education  
for school children? 
MY:
we believe that the earlier we instil an awareness of saving into our 
children, the more quickly and effectively we will make progress, so we  
are targeting third graders at elementary schools. Just as we are more likely 
to be successful at sport, music and art if we acquire skills at an early age, 
children who become aware of savings will adopt important habits and 
increase their chances of being successful. 
RÜS:
Young children are much more responsive than adults to education 
practices that target positive changes in attitudes, and can associate 
information received at school with the practices of people around them. 
moreover, children have a strong influence on their parents and on society. 
they take home the messages learned at school and encourage positive 
behaviours in their families.
SA/SE:
most studies on the effects of financial literacy focus on adults.  
however, when financial education is provided in the early stages of life,  
it has the potential to create long-lasting impacts. As shown by Nobel prize 
winner James heckman for other areas of knowledge accumulation  
(e.g. heckman, 2006), interventions at a young age have the largest 
impact on behaviour. the idea that traits such as forward-looking 
behaviour, self-control, rational risk taking and perseverance are potentially 
malleable in childhood is important for educational policies.
8 – Creating positive change 
in communities continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
85


Page 87:
8.1 – Creating positive 
change in communities: 
at a glance
our approach
Like every other business, we aim to be profitable, but at the same time  
we have a responsibility to be a good corporate citizen. this role gives our 
company a broader sense of purpose. where formal social support services 
are unable to fully reach out to disadvantaged communities and the 
underserved in otherwise prosperous societies, businesses such as ING can 
help bridge the gap. by sharing this sense of purpose with stakeholders, 
we motivate and connect with our employees, business partners and 
customers. by simply aligning our business and community investment 
objectives we can help support people find their way towards a financially 
strong and secure future.
Focus areas
we consider it our responsibility to make a positive contribution to the 
many communities in which we operate. that is why we invest knowledge, 
skills and resources in the following areas:
 — educating children
 — promoting financial empowerment and entrepreneurship
 — Supporting local causes.
ouR RepoRtING FRAmewoRK
ouR CommItmeNtS  S ImpLeR  St RoNGeR  Su StAINAbLe
Creating positive change  
in communities
by keeping our focus on 
development themes that are  
an easy match with our skills and 
expertise we aim to optimise our 
impact. For educating children  
we work together with a single 
long-term global NGo partner  
like uNICeF since 2005.
our strength is our global reach 
which gives us the possibility to make 
a positive difference in communities 
worldwide. our community 
investment activities are successful 
due to the strong commitment  
of our employees who contribute 
their time, skills and resources.
we want our community 
investment initiatives to create long 
lasting impact. our ING-uNICeF 
partnership for example will help 
bring sustainable change to the 
lives of many children and their 
families while also stimulating 
broader social and economic 
development. Focusing on health, 
environmental care and social 
welfare through country level 
initiatives also aims to make 
long-term positive impact in  
local communities.
hIGhLIGhtS
 — 105,121 children reached this year through our partnership  
with uNICeF
 — 25% increase in financial empowerment and entrepreneurship 
initiatives
 — euR 13.4 million donated to charities
 — more than 58,000 hours volunteered by ING employees.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
86


Page 88:
8.2 – educating children
our commitment to educating children
Investing in children, particularly in their education, is an important way  
to build stronger communities. Launched in 2005, our ING Chances for 
Children programme brings together our global and local initiatives on 
child education. At a global level, ING bank continues to support education 
initiatives through the united Nations development agency, uNICeF.  
we have also initiated local partnerships with community based organisations 
and employee volunteering programmes in countries where we have a 
presence. For local examples please visit ING.com 
Although the global partnership with uNICeF has not been continued  
by NN Group in 2013, many business units still support local children’s 
charities as a legacy of the ING Chances for Children programme. 
ING bank’s partnership with uNICeF 
2005
partnership between 
ING and uNICeF started
1 million
children reached 
objective by 2015
€26.7m
donated to uNICeF  
since 2005
worldwide, tens of millions of children do not go to school or receive an 
unacceptable quality of education. we chose uNICeF as our long-term 
strategic partner in 2005 because it shares our vision and scale, and has 
proven expertise in helping children access education. we support uNICeF 
with a consistent flow of funds to enable them to implement their projects 
in several countries. working together with our employees and customers, 
we want to have positively impacted the lives of at least one million 
children in need by providing them with access to school, better-quality 
education, and safer and healthier living conditions by the year 2015.  
For more information on the history of our partnership with uNICeF, 
please visit ING.com.
we have raised funds for uNICeF to build schools, train teachers and 
supply children with learning materials. we have also worked on clean 
water and healthcare projects, tackling some of the basic needs of children 
without which, education cannot happen.
Disaster relief
when a disaster occurs, children’s rights are seriously endangered. this is 
true not only for the right to education, but also for the right to survival 
and the right to protection. ING is committed to supporting uNICeF’s 
disaster relief and recovery projects. 
Case study  DISASteR ReLIeF phILIppINeS
In November 2013, typhoon haiyan brought terrible destruction  
to the philippines and affected up to nearly four million children. 
uNICeF established its disaster relief response immediately for children 
who needed shelter, clean water, medicine and nutrition supplies.  
the euR 700,000 funds raised by ING were rapidly deployed to 
provide children with school tents and child-friendly spaces to 
maintain their education. 
 
Children’s Rights
we participated in the co-development and launch of the Children’s  
Rights business principles (CRbps) in 2012. Developed by uNICeF,  
the uN Global Compact and Save the Children, these are the first 
comprehensive set of principles to guide companies on the full range  
of actions they can take in the workplace, marketplace and community  
to respect and support children’s rights. During 2013, the CRbps were 
promoted through workshops, conferences and discussions with 
businesses, governments and development agencies. we also integrated 
the CRbps into the environmental and Social Risk framework that guides 
our business conduct. 
Fundraising and volunteering
we facilitate and encourage our employees and customers to participate  
in supporting uNICeF.
Employee contributions
All financial contributions from our employees are doubled through our 
matching plan.
our most succesful global employee fundraising event was the 
International Run for uNICeF. It involved the International Run for uNICeF 
involved 1,500 ING employees from around the world. the running event 
followed the sun around the globe in 12 cities across 11 countries. 
together, we raised over euR 170,000.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
87


Page 89:
Case study  GLobAL ChALLeNGe 2013
Now in its 6th year, our biggest fundraising and volunteering campaign 
at ING bank is the ING Chances for Children Global Challenge.  
the Global Challenge is an annual event around 20 November – the 
united Nations International Day of the Child. ING employees across 
the organisation join efforts in support of children worldwide.  
the Global Challenge 2013 saw 13,056 ING employees in 25 countries 
come together and volunteer 8,685 hours during 2013. they also 
raised funds for uNICeF and local children’s charities.
 
Customer donations
Customer donations are made in a variety of ways. these include  
specific campaigns during the festive season or around specific disasters. 
ING Spain used an animated film to persuade 3,955 customers to donate  
a total of euR 281,000. the ’Life of Luna’ animation received widespread 
attention with more than 207,000 customers visiting the site and  
187,000 Youtube views. 
Donations through dedicated financial products
ING Netherlands introduced the Savings Account for uNICeF at the end  
of 2013. this account functions as a normal savings account, with a 
significant difference. we donate 0.10% per annum to uNICeF, calculated 
over the total average savings balance on the account. Customers with this 
savings account receive a quarterly report on the impact of their donation.
What we achieved with UNICEF in 2013
ChARItAbLe DoNAtIoNS to uNICeF
2013 2012 2011
EUR  
(x 1,000)
CHILDREN 
REACHED
EUR  
(x 1,000)
CHILDREN 
REACHED
EUR  
(x 1,000)
CHILDREN 
REACHED
ING bank 3,154 105,121** 2,214 73,804 n/a n/a
NN Group –* –* 560 18,665 n/a n/a
ING Group 3,154 105,121** 2,774 92,469 3,540 118,100
total since 2005 26,668 888,990** 23,514 783,869 20,740 691,400
*  the global partnership with uNICeF has not been continued by NN Group in 2013.
**  because of the progress we had in the programme of uNICeF the organisation  
had to change the original calculation methodology. Due to the type of activities  
in 2013 uNICeF reached more children. For historical comparison the number 
presented is in line with former calculation methods. the actual number of children 
reached in 2013 is more than three times higher and comes down to 346,525.
8.2 – educating children 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
88


Page 90:
8.3 – promoting financial 
empowerment and entrepreneurship
our commitment to financial empowerment 
and entrepreneurship
15
programmes in support  
of financial empowerment  
and entrepreneurship
In 2013, we partnered with several expert agencies to conduct specific 
research projects into financial behaviour and entrepreneurship. the reports 
provide us and our customers with valuable information and insight which 
help us develop new products and services. According to ING’s special 
report on financial education from 2013, 47% of people in europe say they 
did not receive financial education at all. we are faced with record high 
youth unemployment, an ageing population and decreasing state spending 
on social welfare. It is evident that people need to be equipped with the 
required skills to face these challenges. 
An overview of the key surveys of 2013 can be found on ING eZonomics.
we believe that our role is to contribute to helping people gain the skills 
and insight they need in order to secure their financial future. to achieve 
this, we use various channels and tools to create awareness and develop 
knowledge and insight. we particularly focus on young people because  
we believe that good financial habits are developed at a young age. 
entrepreneurs create employment, encourage growth and help energise 
the economy. we therefore support programmes and projects that create 
entrepreneurial awareness, entrepreneurship for all and the development 
of entrepreneurial skills. we contribute by donating funds, as well as 
offering our networks and mentoring. In particular, we support start-ups, 
social business ventures, women in business and the development of 
entrepreneurial skills in young people.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
89


Page 91:
8.3 – promoting financial empowerment 
and entrepreneurship continued
SeLeCtIoN oF LoCAL FINANCIAL eDuCAtIoN AND eNtRepReNeuRShIp INItIAtIveS  
At ING bANK AND NN GRoup
ING buSINeSS uNIt whAt It’S About outCome
ING Bank global ’women in business Challenge’ with biD Network to support 
women entrepreneurs from developing countries
56 ING coaches helped 123 female entrepreneurs  
to take part in the challenge
ING Bank Hong Kong China school trip programme to give schools and students  
in remote areas in China educational and financial support
80 pupils were reached
ING Bank Hungary Financial education programme to teach young people about 
finance. employees serve as guest docents
270 pupils from grade 7-10 have been reached
ING Bank Netherlands high school programme to discuss money matters. employees 
serve as guest docents
2,250 pupils have been reached
ING Bank Netherlands Fame game. online app that teaches children how to deal  
with money issues
20,000 downloads
ING Bank Netherlands Jumpstart is an online students platform on Facebook. 
Students can share ideas and concepts on saving money.  
the best ideas get support from ING to launch their own 
business
Reach: over a million students reached online
200,000 movie views
over 100 applications of which three were selected 
and supported by ING
ING Bank Turkey the turuncu Damla (orange Drops) programme focuses on 
financial literacy for primary school children, with an emphasis 
on saving
8,400 pupils have been reached
ING Corporate and  
Institutional Clients 
Americas
programme at the money museum, designed to allow high 
school students to explore the world of finance. the Academy 
teaches students to aspire to financial independence, develop 
an appreciation for savings, make financial goals and learn to 
avoid scams
986 pupils from 32 schools, have been reached
ING Direct Australia Launch of Dreamstarter, together with StartSomeGood.  
A platform that helps philanthropic entrepreneurs create change. 
entrepreneurs post a video explaining their social project and 
requesting donations to enable them to start working
13 selected Dreamstarter projects received support 
funding to help them achieve their fundraising goals
over euR 67,500 was raised
ING Direct Italy Coltiva il tuo sogno (Grow up your Dream) is an educational 
project to teach primary school children the value of saving
42 employee volunteers teached more than  
1,300 children at primary schools in milan
ING Direct Italy bitbambum is a competition that supports projects and ideas 
that help new generations learn and develop through the 
innovative use of technology
Almost 300 concepts were uploaded. three finalists 
were selected and they received euR 5,000 each to 
spend on goods and services to realise their concept
the winner received additional euR 25,000 to spend 
on goods and services plus six months of mentorship 
from iStarter, a famous Italian incubator
ING Group Launch of a unique social media campaign challenging 
potential future bankers from around the globe to explain key 
financial topics to children aged between 7 and 10 years
5,234 views of online book Curious little Leo 
ING Commercial  
Banking Spain
enterprise simulator programme for children. the children 
create a product and have to consider economic variables such 
as markets, demand, target prices and competition
winners on country level continue the contest on european level
more than 60 pupils have been reached
Nationale-Nederlanden various workshops for self-employed professionals on topics 
such as: ’how do I promote myself?’ and ’my pension and me’. 
Self-employed participants also got tax advice. In cooperation 
with Cultuur-ondernemen
more than 150 self-employed creatives (multi-
disciplinary such as fashion, graphical art and design)  
who wanted to gain more returns from their 
entrepreneurship
Nationale-Nederlanden Awareness campaign ’battle of Concepts’ for students  
about pensions
12,000 students aged 20 to 28 years old were 
invited, and 49 concepts were submitted
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
90


Page 92:
8.4 – Support for local themes
our commitment to supporting local causes
balancing our global strategy and agenda with the interests of local 
employees and customers is an ongoing but rewarding challenge. to meet 
this challenge, we have established funds in different countries to enable 
them to support causes that they consider important. these funds, which 
are provided by the local business units, give employees and communities  
a voice in how our corporate donations are used. Supporting local projects 
was the key strategy for community investment at NN Group in 2013. 
NN Group community investment activities
our purpose is to help people secure their financial future. our local 
community investment activities contribute to fulfilling this purpose. As we 
are in a transition period to become a standalone company, we are in the 
process of prioritising the overarching community investment themes for 
our organisation going forward. 
our local businesses and foundations support a broad scope of community 
investment activities. In addition to (financial) education and 
entrepreneurship, other activities were developed, focusing on health, 
environmental care and social welfare.
oveRvIew oF LoCAL ChARItY FuNDS ING bANK AND NN GRoup
Organisation Name Amount of donations Supported organisations Applications Votes
ING Bank Austria vereinstausender 50,000 50 900 500,000 votes
ING Bank Belgium ING Solidarity Award 412,500 55 1,400 200,000 votes
ING Bank Luxembourg ING Solidarity Award 76,000 48 121 22,867 votes
ING Bank Netherlands ING Goede Doelenfonds 1,100,000 808 943 5,807 employee votes
ING Bank Romania Adopt a project 40,000 8 80 1,400 employee votes
Insurance Poland helpING 16,700 13 50 N/A 
Insurance Romania Foundation for Life 56,000 100 100 N/A
Nationale-Nederlanden wij & de maatschappij 231,000 205 223 1,100 employee votes
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
91


Page 93:
Our commitment to supporting health
we aim to support and encourage healthy behaviour among our 
employees, customers and society, with the aim of preventing and reducing 
the risk of personal health difficulties. with our community investment 
initiatives we promote healthy lifestyles, invest in research and support a 
broad variety of charities that help people who suffer or are recuperating 
from life-threatening illnesses.
Case study  pRomotING CANCeR pReveNtIoN
What we did
our insurance business in poland has participated in the national 
education campaign ’Cancer. It can be treated’. the objective was  
to provide education and awareness about cancer prevention and  
to fight against the stereotypes associated with the disease.
the campaign focused on prevention and included input from experts 
in the field of oncology, NGos and patients. we participated in this 
campaign from the start and supported all activities in the project, 
including:
 — A charitable concert for 2,500 guests
 — A flash mob on world Cancer Day at Central Station in warsaw 
with 100 dancers
 — Sponsorship of more than 500 mammography’s at outdoor events
 — A charity run ’Chase the cancer’, with all funds raised donated to 
cancer organisations.
What we achieved
For the campaign our insurance business in poland received the  
Zloty Spinacz award in the finance category – a prestigious public 
relations award in poland – acknowledging their innovative approach 
to education and prevention of cancer. the campaign is a key activity 
for our local insurance business and will continue throughout 2014.
Our commitment to environmental care
our commitment to environmental care is shared by many of our 
employees. In many of our locations, employees are involved in activities 
such as recycling campaigns, planting trees in public spaces or acting as 
volunteers in city parks.
Case study  CLeANING up the CItY
Cleaning up the city for five years, our insurance business in Slovakia has 
participated in the ’our City’ programme organised by pontis foundation. 
our employees volunteer to spend a full working day per year helping to 
clean the city of bratislava. Activities are based both outdoors (such as 
parks, streets, buildings, benches, painting playgrounds, planting trees) 
as well as indoors (community centres, offices). 
Our commitment to social welfare
In terms of community investment, social welfare includes providing 
personal care, protection or social support services. these are provided  
to children, as well as to adults with needs arising from illness, disability, 
old age or poverty. 
Case study  h eLpING peopLe IN DIStReSS
our insurance business in Greece responded to the critical situation  
of local communities by providing better living conditions to people  
in economic distress. the company organised a campaign where 
employees collected goods such as clothing and shoes, which were 
donated to the non-profit organisation Children SoS village. Items 
valued at euR 12,200 were donated.
8.4 – Support for local 
themes continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
92


Page 94:
8.5 – progress report
whAt we SAID we wouLD Do whAt we DID
ING bank At least one million children through the partnership 
with uNICeF have been reached between 2005  
and 2015
the total funds raised in 2013 for uNICeF amounted to euR 3,153,618. 
Since 2005, we have raised a total of euR 26.7 million, which has 
enabled uNICeF to reach more than 888,990 children. we will do 
our utmost to reach our goal of one million children.
our total charitable giving should for 60% or more 
be targeted towards our focus areas children and 
education, financial empowerment and 
entrepreneurship
58% of our charitable donations were donated to our focus areas.
NN Group Develop a separate community investment 
programme, in line with our business strategy,  
new brand values and geographic focus
we reviewed our local community investment portfolios. we also 
started to align with the new purpose and values that were launched 
in october 2013 in order for our new community investment strategy 
to be launched in 2014.
totAL DoNAtIoNS ING bANK (IN € x 1,000)
ING bank 2013
Direct business donations Donations business 8,619
Donations business in-kind 919
Facilitated by ING Donations customers 1,383
Donations employees 1,290
total 12,211
ING bank 2013
 Arts and Culture 598
 Children and education (incl. uNICeF) 6,513
 e mergency relief 777
 e nvironment 471
 Financial education and entrepreneurship 559
 h ealth 1,833
 Social welfare 748
 o ther 712
total 12,211
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
93


Page 95:
8.5 – progress report 
continued
totAL DoNAtIoNS NN GRoup (IN € x 1,000)
empLoYee voLuNteeRING ING bANK (IN houRS)
empLoYee voLuNteeRING NN GRoup (IN houRS)
NN Group 2013
Direct business donations Donations business 1,097
Donations business in-kind 35
Facilitated by NN Group Donations customers 13
Donations employees 27
total 1,172
NN Group 2013
 Arts & Culture 77
 Children and education 95
 e mergency relief 0
 e nvironment 0.3
 Financial education and entrepreneurship 112
 h ealth 313
 Social welfare 179
 o ther 395
total 1,172
ING bank 2013
 Arts & Culture 351
 Children and education 27,331
 e mergency relief 218
 e nvironment 8,494
 Financial education and entrepreneurship 6,832
 h ealth 3,730
 Social welfare 6,723
 o ther 1,374
total 55,053
NN Group 2013
 Arts & Culture 0
 Children and education 1,232
 e mergency relief 0
 e nvironment 416
 Financial education and entrepreneurship 0
 h ealth 582
 Social welfare 984
 o ther 136
total 3,350
employees volunteer thousands of hours. 
volunteering takes place during office hours in all 
community investment areas with a focus on children 
and education.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
94


Page 96:
LooKING FoRwARD
ING Bank 
by 2015 ING bank expects the partnership with uNICeF to have  
fulfilled its initial objective of positively impacting the lives of at least  
one million children. Furthermore we will continue our focus on financial 
empowerment and entrepreneurship to help young people.
NN Group 
As we prepare for the standalone future of the insurance and investment 
management businesses, we will review our current community 
investment portfolio and align it with our purpose, company values  
and brand going forward. 
we will continue to strike a balance between local and global needs  
and the expectations of our employees, customers and society at large. 
we will base our approach on financial support through donations,  
with employee volunteering as the main interaction channel. our new 
Community Investment strategy will be launched in 2014.
 
8.5 – progress report 
continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
95


Page 97:
9 – Governance 
and compliance
we have strong governance  
and compliance systems in place 
that reflect our values, local  
and international regulations.  
our business and sustainability 
governance is ensured by a number 
of distinct bodies and committees 
that have the necessary mandate 
and remit to ensure appropriate and 
ethical management. our business 
principles and policies offer a 
comprehensive set of strict guidance 
and systems for all employees to 
manage day-to-day decision making 
in a safe, ethical, commercially astute 
and compliant manner.
Contents in this chapter
9 Governance and compliance 96
hIGhLIGhtS
 — Increased focus on materiality for defining sustainability priorities
 — high score on DJSI/bronze class distinction by RobecoSAm
 — Stronger eSR risk management
 — Increase in sustainable business 
 — Reorganisation means two independent teams at bank  
and Insurance driving sustainability.
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
96


Page 98:
ING business principles
our business revolves about people and trust. being entrusted with other 
people’s money is a responsibility we take very seriously. only by acting 
with professionalism and integrity can we gain and maintain our 
customers’ confidence and preserve our company’s reputation. the ING 
business principles play an important role in this. 
First introduced in 1999, the ING business principles set a global standard 
for the behaviour ING expects of every employee. the ING business 
principles are refreshed every five years to ensure their relevance in a 
changing environment. each of the four principles is equally important. 
taken as a whole, they form our collective conscience. they are the 
foundation of our strategy, culture and day-to-day work. Living the ING 
business principles helps us make decisions that can stand the test of time.
 — we act with integrity
 — we are open and clear
 — we respect each other
 — we are environmentally and socially responsible.
these principles are not voluntary suggestions. they are non-negotiable, 
and every single ING employee is responsible for living up to them.  
the ING business principles enable us to do what we do best, both today 
and tomorrow: to help our customers manage their financial future.
our business principles are expressly pointed out to every new ING 
employee by inserting a reference to the ING business principles in the 
employee’s contract of employment. 
Corporate governance
ING’s aim is to have a governance structure that is transparent and does 
justice to the interests of all its stakeholders: customers, shareholders, 
employees and society as a whole. ING has a two-tier board structure 
consisting of the executive board and the Supervisory board.
the executive board is responsible for day-to-day management of the 
business and long-term strategy.
the Supervisory board is responsible for controlling management 
performance and advising the executive board. the Supervisory board  
is made up exclusively of outside directors. For more information on the 
members, the profile and charter of the Supervisory board, please see  
the link below. 
banking and Insurance have their own management board consisting  
of the executive board members and positions for four other members. 
Full details about our management structure and implementation  
of Dutch Corporate Governance Code can be found on ING.com 
Dutch banking and Insurance Codes
Dutch Banking Code
In September 2009, the Dutch banking Association (Nvb) published the 
banking Code, which lays out the principles by which Dutch banks should 
conduct themselves in terms of corporate governance, risk management, 
audit and remuneration. ING bank strongly supports the principles of  
the banking Code because we believe they are an important way for the 
banking sector to regain trust, ensure stability and protect the interests of 
our stakeholders. Accordingly, ING applies the banking Code within the 
following legal entities that hold a Dutch banking licence: ING bank N.v., 
ING Direct N.v., bank mendes Gans N.v.
Drawn up in response to a report entitled ’Restoring trust’ that was 
published in April 2009 by the Advisory Committee on the Future of banks 
in the Netherlands, the banking Code is a form of self-regulation that took 
effect on 1 January 2010 on a ’comply or explain’ basis. 
Dutch Insurers’ Code
In December 2010, the Dutch Association of Insurance Companies 
(verbond van verzekeraars) published the Governance principles, also 
known as the Code of Conduct for Insurers. the Code of Conduct for 
Insurers, effective as from June 2011, lays out the principles for Dutch 
insurance companies in terms of corporate governance, risk management, 
audit and remuneration. 
operational and compliance  
Non-Financial Risks (NFR)
Non-Financial Risk Management
Non-financial risk management includes operational risk management 
and compliance risk management. to ensure robust non-financial risk 
management, ING monitors the implementation of its Risk policies and 
minimum Standards. business units have to demonstrate that the 
appropriate steps have been taken to control their operational and 
compliance risks. processes are in place to identify key threats, 
vulnerabilities and the associated risks which might cause adverse events. 
Different techniques for event identification exist within ING, e.g. Risk and 
Control Self-Assessments, scenario analysis, external events inventories, 
internal incident analysis (e.g. lessons learned based on information from 
incident reporting), key risk indicator events and threat scans. At least 
once a year, business units and departments perform a Risk and Control 
Self-Assessment with the involvement of the business and their 
operational Risk, Compliance and Legal departments. 
Non-Financial Risk Dashboard (NFRD)
the NFRD is based on a defined risk tolerance within the business and 
gives a clear overview of the risks and responses enabling management to 
prioritise and to manage operational, compliance and legal risks. the NFRD 
is a quarterly report and a fixed item on the agenda for the meetings of 
the management board banking (mbb) and the Risk Committee and sent 
to the Supervisory board for information. For Insurance it is discussed in 
the management board Insurance (mbI) and Non-Financial Risk Committee 
and sent to the Supervisory board for information. 
9 – Governance and  
compliance continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
97


Page 99:
Non-Financial Risk Committees
Non-Financial Risk Committees (NFRCs) are established at all levels in  
the organisation to ensure appropriate management action is taken by  
the responsible line managers and at the appropriate level of granularity. 
At the executive level there is an NFRC, which is accountable for the design 
and maintenance of the risk management framework including the oRm, 
Compliance and Legal policies, minimum standards, procedures and 
guidelines; the NFRC structure; development of tools, methods and key 
parameters (incl. major changes) for risk identification, measurement and 
monitoring/reporting. NFRCs have furthermore been established at the 
regional and bu level. they are chaired by the Ceo of the entity and steer 
the risk management activities of the first and second line of defence in 
their entities.
Non-Financial Risk Management – Operational Risk
operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, people and systems or from external events. 
operational risk can lead to financial loss but also to non-financial loss in 
the form of reputation, regulatory or personal impact. Risks falling under 
this category include:
Information Technology Risk
Information and the supporting business applications, It processes, 
databases and underlying infrastructure are important assets of ING and, 
like other important assets, must be suitably protected. the availability, 
integrity and confidentiality of information assets are essential in 
maintaining our competitive edge, cash flow, profitability, regulatory  
and legal compliance and respected company image. ING’s Information 
technology Risk management baseline is formed from the international 
standards Cobit and ISo, which are used as industry good practice in  
the financial services industry. the objective is to provide ING’s approach  
to managing information technology risks and the protection of 
information assets to all ING organisational units and to those contracted 
to provide services. 
Business Continuity Risk
Continuity Risk is the risk of events leading to a situation that threatens  
the safety and security of people or business continuity. examples of such 
events are natural disasters, power outages and terrorism.
the implementation of a consistent business continuity management 
process and plans that are in alignment with requirements is essential in 
order to provide appropriate and effective recoverability from any disruption 
or disaster. business continuity plans identify the critical processes and 
describe the corrective measures and resources necessary in case a business 
is disrupted and cannot be resumed within the normal environment. 
Fraud Risk
Risk of fraud is defined as the deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, 
assets, products and/or services of ING by those who intend to deceitfully 
or unlawfully benefit themselves or others. policies and standards are used 
to increase fraud detection and reduce fraud-related losses. 
Non-Financial Risk – Compliance Risk
ING is committed to the preservation of its reputation and integrity through 
compliance with ING’s business principles, applicable laws, regulations and 
ethical standards in each of the markets in which it operates. All employees 
are expected to adhere to these laws, regulations and ethical standards, 
and management is responsible for ensuring such compliance. 
Financial and economic crime
ING implements a Corporate policy on Financial economic Crime (FeC) to 
prevent its businesses from involvement in money laundering and terrorist 
financing. this policy is based on international laws and regulations. Local 
ING management is responsible for the implementation of, and compliance 
with, the policy.
the Financial economic Crime policy defines the minimum requirements 
and refers specifically to the following risk areas:
 — Anti-money Laundering (AmL)
 — Counter terrorism Financing (CtF)
 — Sanctions (economic, financial and trade), ultra high Risk Countries 
(uhRC)
 — export trade and proliferation Financing Compliance.
In countries where ING’s Financial economic Crime policy is more strict 
than local rules, ING’s policy applies. Also, ING commits to the wolfsburg 
Group principles on topics such as Know Your Customer, Anti-money 
Laundering and Counter terrorist Financing policies, which are applicable 
to all ING entities within ING. 
Gifts, entertainment and anti-bribery policy
ING has zero tolerance towards bribery and corruption, regardless of the 
identity or position of the originator or recipient of the bribe. Gifts and 
entertainment must not involve activities, products, services or venues that 
might embarrass, be considered of bad taste or violate the ING business 
principles. maximum limits apply to offering and receiving gifts and 
entertainment. written approval must be obtained before offering gifts or 
entertainment to public officials. Facilitation payments are strictly prohibited. 
Insider regulation and Chinese walls
the Insider Regulation ING is an ING policy, based on the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (wet op het financieel toezicht). An essential element of 
this policy is to prevent (the appearance of) dealing while having inside 
information regarding ING. employees within the organisation who (could) 
possess inside information regarding ING are assigned as ’Insider ING’ and 
are as such governed by the (additional) rules of the Insider Regulation 
ING. these rules refer, among other things to their personal account 
dealing in ING, the monitoring thereof and the treatment of confidential 
information relating to ING. ING has a system of Chinese walls in place to 
prevent the uncontrolled flow of sensitive information between banking 
and investment departments that can have different interests. 
9 – Governance and  
compliance continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
98


Page 100:
ING whistleblower procedure
the ING whistleblower procedure applies to all ING entities worldwide. 
employees of ING Group and its Group companies can report complaints 
and/or highlight concerns via this procedure as an additional option 
outside of their normal reporting lines. 
promoting integrity
ING created several programmes and tools to ensure that every ING 
employee in every part of the organisation understands how their actions 
and behaviours can help earn and retain customer and stakeholder trust, 
and also undermine their trust in ING. examples include multiple e-modules 
and dialogue packs that teams can use to discuss the impact of key 
priorities within ING.
political donations and public advocacy
with regard to political donations, ING businesses are not permitted to 
make gifts or political donations or to offer entertainment to political 
parties or candidates for political office. this is governed by the ING Gifts, 
entertainment and Anti-bribery policy.
Public advocacy
In order to strategise, develop and coordinate the company’s positions  
on important public affairs issues, ING is actively involved in public policy 
and regulatory developments in its relevant constituencies. It does so with 
the objective of enhancing (implementation of) financial regulation and 
supervision that support the interests of ING’s stakeholders. In the 
Netherlands, ING is registered in the lobbying register of the house of 
Representatives and is a member of the Dutch Association for public Affairs.
Code of conduct
ING is registered in the eu transparency Register and therefore adheres  
to the code of conduct of the eu for organisations and self-employed 
individuals engaged in eu policymaking and policy implementation.
Competition
ING’s reputation is based not only on how effectively it serves its customers 
and how successful it is at increasing shareholder value, but also on the 
way it conducts its business and its competitive practices in the market 
place. Competition law is more than a legal requirement; it is vital for ING’s 
reputation and long-term success and helps ING to operate in accordance 
with ING’s business principles.
ING businesses and their employees worldwide are required to strictly 
observe and adhere to the competition law rules. ING wants to be 
unmistakably clear both outside and inside ING that we compete fairly  
and lawfully. It is ING Group’s policy to fully comply with all competition 
laws applicable to its entire range of activities. more information regarding 
our compliance policies can be found on ING.com
9 – Governance and  
compliance continued
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013
99


Page 101:
Appendix
this appendix compiles comprehensive 
disclosure of our independent 
assurance report and ING’s annual 
communication on progress on the 
uN Global Compact principles.
It also details our progress report  
on the principles for Sustainable 
Insurance, and provides a glossary  
of terms and acronyms used in  
this report.
Contents in this section
 Appe NDIx 100
10.1 Independent Assurance Report 101
10.2 p rinciples for Sustainable Insurance 102
10.3 u N Global Compact 104
10.4 Glossary  106
10.5 Details  108
100
ING GRoup SuStAINAbILItY RepoRt 2013ING GRoup SuStAINAbILItY RepoRt 2013

Page 102:
10.1 – Independent Assurance Report
to the readers of the ING Group  
Sustainability Report 2013
we were engaged by the executive board of ING Group N.v. (further ’ING’) 
to provide assurance on the ING Group Sustainability Report 2013 (further 
’the Report’). the executive board is responsible for the preparation of  
the Report, including the identification of material issues. our responsibility 
is to issue an assurance report based on the engagement outlined below. 
Scope
our assurance engagement was designed to provide limited assurance  
on whether the Report is presented fairly, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the reporting criteria.
we do not provide any assurance on the achievability of the objectives, 
targets and expectations of ING.
procedures performed to obtain a limited level of assurance are aimed  
at determining the plausibility of information and are less extensive than 
those for a reasonable level of assurance. 
Reporting criteria and assurance standard 
ING applies the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (G3.1) of the Global 
Reporting Initiative supported by internally developed guidelines as described 
in the chapter ’About this report’. It is important to view the performance 
data in the context of these criteria.
we conducted our engagement in accordance with the International 
Standard for Assurance engagement (ISAe 3000): Assurance engagement 
other than Audits or Reviews of historical Financial Information, issued by 
the International Auditing and Assurance Standards board. this standard 
requires, among others, that the assurance team possesses the specific 
knowledge, skills and professional competencies needed to provide 
assurance on sustainability information, and that they comply with the 
requirements of the Code of ethics for professional Accountants of the 
International Federation of Accountants to ensure their independence.
work undertaken
our procedures included the following:
 — A risk analysis, including a media search, to identify relevant 
sustainability issues for ING in the reporting period.
 — evaluating the design and implementation of the systems and processes 
for the collection, processing and control of the information in the Report.
 — Interviewing management at corporate level responsible for the 
sustainability strategy and implementation.
 — Interviews with relevant staff at corporate and business level 
responsible for providing the information in the Report.
 — evaluating internal and external documentation, based on sampling,  
to determine whether the information in the Report is supported  
by sufficient evidence.
 — An analytical review of the data and trend explanations submitted  
by businesses for consolidation at group level.
During the assurance process we discussed the necessary changes in the 
Report and reviewed the final version of the Report to ensure that it reflects 
our findings.
Conclusion
based on the procedures performed, as described above, nothing has 
come to our attention to indicate that the Report is not fairly presented,  
in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.
observation
without affecting the conclusion of our engagement, we would like to 
draw the readers’ attention to our observation below: Following up on 
last year’s observation, we have noticed that ING is in the process of 
formulating more concrete KpIs and targets. In addition, ING has improved 
its materiality assessment in 2013 to further align the reporting content with 
stakeholder expectations. we recommend ING to present the new KpIs and 
targets in the 2014 report. we also recommend ING to further align the 
content of the report with the outcomes of the materiality assessment. 
extending the information on the most material topics, compared to topics 
deemed less material, will improve the balance of the report.
Amsterdam, 28 March 2014 
KPMG Sustainability, Part of KPMG Advisory N.V. 
W.J. Bartels RA, Partner
101
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013

Page 103:
10.2 – principles for 
Sustainable Insurance
progress report 2013
In June 2012, ING joined thirty other leading insurance companies and became a founding signatory of the uN principles for Sustainable Insurance.  
we report on our progress in implementing the principles in our business operations throughout the ING Sustainability Report. the overview below 
provides a selection of examples from this progress report, including references to the relevant pages in this report. 
we will embed in our decision-making environmental,  
social and governance issues, relevant to our insurance business
GoALS pRoGReSS 2013
offer insight, tools and programmes to improve consumers’ 
financial decision making
we developed online and offline platforms for knowledge sharing  
and development
(ING Sustainability Report, pages 32-33)
maintain an up-to-date environmental and Social Risk (eSR) 
policy framework
we strengthened the implementation of our eSR policy framework, 
improved existing policies and implemented them in our client onboarding 
and transactional processes
(ING Sustainability Report, pages 41-42)
As part of ING’s separation process, we will develop a  
refined set of ambitions, goals and performance indicators  
– for both our banking and insurance business
In both our banking and insurance and investment management businesses 
sustainability teams have been put in place that are in the process of 
defining and developing distinct visions and strategies
we will work together with clients and business partners to  
raise awareness of environmental, social and governance issues,  
manage risk and develop solutions
GoALS pRoGReSS 2013
Aim to increase our sustainable assets allocated In 2013, our sustainable assets allocated increased with euR 845 million 
compared to 2012 
(ING Sustainability Report, pages 57-58)
manage our direct footprint and review our procurement 
process in order to create more sustainable practices
In 2013, the total extrapolated amount of carbon emissions from our 
business operations decreased from 209 to 169 kilotonnes compared to 2012. 
ING implemented new procurement guidelines based on the uN Global 
Compact principles 
(ING Sustainability Report, page 69)
102
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013

Page 104:
we will work together with governments, regulators  
and other key stakeholders to promote widespread action  
across society on environmental, social and governance issues
GoALS pRoGReSS 2013
engage with stakeholders on general developments  
or more specific issues
During 2013 we entered into dialogue with various stakeholders on  
various topics. we also conducted research and published reports  
on sustainability topics
(ING Sustainability Report, pages 17-21)
promote sustainable finance amongst key stakeholders we are an active member of various (inter)national networks. ING is 
amongst others Chair of the equator principles Steering Committee. we aim 
to contribute to positive change as we support clients to seek improvement 
in eSG practices
(ING Sustainability Report, pages 17-18, 39-59)
Strive to positively impact the lives of children and increase  
our employee participation in ING’s community investments 
initiatives
total funds raised in 2013 for uNICeF amounted to euR 3,153,618.  
Since 2005 we reached more than 888,990 children
we will demonstrate accountability and transparency in regularly  
disclosing publicly on our progress in implementing the principles
GoALS pRoGReSS 2013
ensure public disclosure of our sustainability objectives,  
and the progress we make, in our annual reporting
ING published its Sustainability Report 2013 in parallel with its financial 
report. this table serves as a cross-reference to the relevant sections in  
our Sustainability Report 
10.2 – principles for  
Sustainable Insurance continued
103
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013

Page 105:
10.3 – uN Global Compact
UN Global Compact 2013 ING Commitment Performance 2013
Principle 1
business should support  
and respect the protection  
of internationally proclaimed 
human rights
the ING business principles are based on the commitment to respect human rights and  
the environment.
human rights are an integral part of ING’s eSR Framework and apply to all economic sectors 
that we conduct business with. 
ING human Rights Statement for employees with reference made to the ILo Core Conventions.
At ING, we will uphold the Children’s Rights and business principles in our activities.
we ask our suppliers to agree to comply with the uNGC principles that promote human rights, 
fair labour practices, environmental protection, and anti-corruption.
ING is a member of the thun Group of banks, dedicated to investigating how the united 
Nations guidelines on business and human rights can be applied.
business principles 
ING’s environmental  
Social Risk Framework 
human Rights
business principles  
for Children Rights
Sustainable procurement
ING memberships
Principle 2
business should ensure that 
they are not complicit in  
human rights abuses
the ING business principles are based on the commitment to respect human rights and  
the environment.
human rights are an integral part of ING’s eSR Framework and apply to all economic sectors 
that we conduct business with. 
ING human Rights Statement for employees with reference made to the ILo Core Conventions.
At ING, we will uphold the Children’s Rights and business principles in our activities.
we ask our suppliers to agree to comply with the uNGC principles that promote human rights, 
fair labour practices, environmental protection, and anti-corruption. 
ING is a member of the thun Group of banks, dedicated to investigating how the united 
Nations guidelines on business and human rights can be applied.
business principles 
ING’s environmental  
Social Risk Framework 
human Rights
business principles  
for Children Rights
Sustainable procurement
ING memberships
Principle 3/ILO Conventions 
87 and 98
business should uphold the 
freedom of association and  
the effective recognition of the 
right to collective bargaining
the ING business principles are based on the commitment to respect human rights and  
the environment.
under our human Rights Statement, we uphold the freedom of association for all our 
employees and recognise the right to collective bargaining.
we ask our suppliers to agree to comply with the uNGC principles that promote human rights, 
fair labour practices, environmental protection and anti-corruption.
business principles 
human Rights
Sustainable procurement
Principle 4/ILO Conventions 
29 and 105
business should support the 
elimination of all forms of 
forced and compulsory labour
the ING business principles are based on the commitment to respect human rights and  
the environment.
human rights are an integral part of ING’s eSR Framework and apply to all economic sectors 
that we conduct business with. 
ING human Rights Statement for employees with reference made to the ILo Core Conventions.
At ING, we will uphold the Children’s Rights and business principles in our activities.
we ask our suppliers to agree to comply with the uNGC principles that promote human rights, 
fair labour practices, environmental protection and anti-corruption.
business principles 
ING’s environmental  
Social Risk Framework 
human Rights
business principles  
for Children Rights
Sustainable procurement
Principle 5/ILO Conventions 
138 and 182
business should support  
the effective abolition of  
child labour
the ING business principles are based on the commitment to respect human rights and  
the environment.
ING human Rights Statement for employees with reference made to the ILo Core Conventions.
At ING, we will uphold the Children’s Rights and business principles in our activities.
we ask our suppliers to agree to comply with the uNGC principles that promote human rights, 
fair labour practices, environmental protection and anti-corruption.
business principles 
human Rights
business principles  
for Children Rights
Sustainable procurement
Principle 6/ILO Conventions 
100 and 111
business should support the 
elimination of discrimination  
in respect of employment  
and occupation
the ING business principles are based on the commitment to respect human rights and  
the environment.
we believe it is right for the composition of our workforce to reflect that of society and for  
our people to bring a diversity of talents, beliefs and perceptions to their work.
ING human Rights Statement for employees with reference made to the ILo Core Conventions.
business principles 
Diversity
ING human Rights 
Statement
104
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013

Page 106:
Principle 7
business should support  
a precautionary approach  
to environmental challenges
the ING business principles are based on the commitment to respect human rights  
and the environment.
ING’s eSR Framework aims to mitigate environmental and social risk of our business activities.
the ING procurement Code of Conduct includes environmental criteria.
ING’s environmental management programme aims to limit the environmental impact  
of our own operations.
ING applies the equator principles to project Finance. 
business principles 
ING’s environmental  
Social Risk Framework 
Sustainable procurement
environmental 
management at ING
Application of the  
equator principles at ING
Principle 8
business should undertake 
initiatives to promote greater 
environmental responsibility
the ING business principles are based on the commitment to respect human rights  
and the environment.
ING’s eSR Framework aims to mitigate environmental and social risk of its business activities.
the ING procurement Code of Conduct includes environmental issues, this to ensure 
environmental sustainability.
ING applies the equator principles to its project Finance activities.
ING’s economics bureau researches and publishes reports on environmental issues.
business principles 
Principle 9
business should encourage  
the development and diffusion 
of environmentally friendly 
technologies
ING’s economics bureau researches and publishes reports on environmental issues.
ING commits to increasing the share of renewable energy in its project finance portfolio.
the ING Groenbank, the ING Sustainable Lending team and several other specialist teams 
within ING bank and ING Lending Services promote sustainable business.
Growth in the Sustainable Assets Allocated that represent business conducted with 
sustainability criteria. 
Researching the business 
case for sustainability
Responsible investment 
and lending
Sustainable Assets 
Allocated 2013
Principle 10
businesses should work against 
corruption in all its forms, 
including extortion and bribery
the ING business principles set a global standard for the behaviour expected of every employee.
ING has zero tolerance towards bribery and corruption and has clear policies on this.
ING implements a Corporate policy on Financial economicCrime (FeC).
business principles 
Governance and 
Compliance
10.3 – uN Global Compact 
continued
105
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013

Page 107:
10.4 – Glossary
ABIS
the Academy of business and Society
ABS
Asset backed Securities
AFM
Authority for the Financial markets
AGM
Annual General meeting of Shareholders
AML
Anti-money Laundering
BREEAM
building Research establishment environmental  
Assessment methodology
CDM
Clean Development mechanism
CDP
Carbon Disclosure project
CEO
Chief executive officer
CMBS
Commercial mortgage backed Securities 
CRO Forum
Chief Risk officer's Forum
CSR
Corporate Social Responsibility
CTF
Counter terrorism Financing
DJSI
Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes
DUFAS
Dutch Fund and Asset management Association
EP
equator principles
EP II
equator principles two
EP III
equator principles three
EFAMA
european Fund and Asset management Association
EHS
environmental health and Safety
EIRIS
Global provider of research into corporate environmental,  
social and governance performance 
EPFI
equator principles Financial Institution
ESG
environmental, Social and Governance
ESR
environmental and Social Risk 
EUR
euro €
EU ETS
european union emissions trading Scheme
FEC
Financial economic Crime
FTE
Full-time equivalent (for employees). An Fte of 1.0 equals  
a full-time employee
FSSS
Financial Services Sector Supplement
GDC
ING’s Global Diversity Council
GFS
Global Financial Services
GHG
Greenhouse Gases
GMI
GmI Ratings maintains broad coverage of the environmental,  
social, governance (eSG) and accounting-related risks affecting  
the performance of public companies
GRI
Global Reporting Initiative
GIIPS
Greece, Italy, Ireland, portugal and Spain 
ICAN
International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear weapons
ICGN
International Corporate Governance Network
106
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013

Page 108:
10.4 – Glossary  
continued
ICS
Integrated Client Solutions
IFC
International Finance Corporation
ILO
International Labour organisation
IPO
Initial public offering 
IPSS
ING’s procurement Sustainability Standards
ISO
International organisation for Standards
LEED
Leadership in energy and environmental Design
MBB
management board banking
MBI
management board Insurance
MSCI
mSCI world Index
MWh
megawatt hour
NAICS
North American Industry Classification System
NFR
Non-Financial risk
NFRC
Non-Financial Risk Committees
NFRD
Non-Financial Risk Dashboard
NGO
Non-Government organisation
NPS
Net promoter Score
NVB
Dutch banking Association
OECD
organisation for economic Co-operation and Development
ORM
operational Risk management
PARP
product Approval and Review process
PAx
pAx Christi International Catholic movement for peace
PIIF
principles for Investors for Inclusive Finance
PRI
principles for Responsible Investment
PSI
principles for Sustainable Insurance
RFP
Request for proposal
RMBS
Residential mortgage backed Securities
ROW
Rest of the world
SEAP
Code of Conduct of the Society of european Affairs professionals
SOMO
Centre for Research on multinational Corporations
SRI
Socially Responsible Investing
UHRC
ultra high Risk Countries
UNEP
united Nations environmental programme
UNPR
united Nations principles for Responsible Investment
UNEPFI
united Nations environmental programme Finance Initiative
UNEP 
uNep Finance Initiative Climate Change working Group
UNGC
united Nations Global Compact
UNICEF
united Nations International Children’s emergency Fund
UN Kyoto Protocol 
the Kyoto protocol is an international agreement linked to the united 
Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which commits its 
parties by setting internationally binding emission reduction targets
VBDO
Dutch Association of Investors for Sustainable Development
VCU
voluntary Carbon units
WPC
winning performance Culture employee engagement survey
WWF
world wildlife Foundation
YES
Yearly employee Survey
107
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013

Page 109:
10.5 – Details
This Sustainability Report is available as a PDF file on
www.ing.com/sustainabilityreport
Email
sustainability@ing.com
Text and production
ING Sustainability, Amsterdam
Concept, design & production
Radley Yeldar 
www.ry.com
Contact us
ING Groep N.v. 
bijlmerplein 888 
1102 mG Amsterdam 
p.o. box 1800, 1000 bv Amsterdam 
the Netherlands
Commercial Register of Amsterdam, no. 33231073 
For further information on ING Group’s sustainability strategy,  
policies and performance,  
call +31 20 563 7764,  
email sustainability@ing.com 
or visit www.ing.com/sustainability
Disclaimer
this ING Group Sustainability report ’Simpler, stronger, sustainable’ is 
made for the purpose of informing our stakeholders and to give details of 
ING’s commitment and performance regarding Sustainability. Nothing in 
this document is intended to extend or amend ING’s existing obligations  
to its clients, shareholders or other stakeholders. All policies, procedures, 
guidelines, statements or anything similar that have been mentioned in  
this report are intended for ING internal purposes only, and under no 
circumstance should they be construed as creating any rights whatsoever 
to third parties. In assessing compliance with any of the policies and 
guidelines, the standards applied are subjective and any decision in relation 
thereto remains within ING’s discretion. ING does not accept liability for 
whatever consequences may result from its not adhering to these policies, 
procedures, criteria, instructions, statements and guidelines. ING reserves 
the right to change, amend or withdraw policies, procedures, guidelines 
and statements at its discretion at any time and can, at its own discretion, 
decide to make available to third parties (details of) policies, procedures, 
guidelines, statements or anything similar that have been mentioned in  
this report.
this document refers, by hyperlinks or other means, to information 
provided by third parties. the reasonableness, accuracy or completeness  
of such information has not been verified by ING and links to other sites do 
not constitute ING’s approval or endorsement of such sites or their products 
or advertisements. ING accepts no liability whatsoever in connection with 
any such information that has been or will be provided by third parties.
the copyrights to this document belong to ING Groep N.v. Your use of  
this document establishes your agreement not to reproduce, retransmit, 
distribute, sell, republish, broadcast, or circulate the content of this document 
without the prior written consent of ING’s Sustainability department. 
© 2014 ING Groep N.v.
108
ING GROUP SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2013

