Page 1:
Ingka Group Annual Summary  
and Sustainability Report  
FY23
© Ingka Holding B.V. 2024.
Some images by courtesy of Inter IKEA Systems B.V. The IKEA logo and 
the IKEA wordmark are registered trademarks of Inter IKEA Systems B.V.
PLUFSIG
Folding gym mat 
€39.99
€2999
Made of min. 90%  
recycled polyester

Page 2:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
22
Hej!
We are driven by the IKEA vision to create a better everyday life for 
the many people. We are passionate about life at home and are 
transforming our business to create a better IKEA that is affordable, 
accessible, and positively impacts people and the planet. 
We have bold ambitions to play our part in solving some of the 
many challenges facing the world, while delivering an ever better 
experience for our customers.
We’ll achieve this by focusing on four big movements: helping more 
people to have Better homes; contributing to Better lives for 
our co-workers, customers and communities; playing our part in 
creating a Better planet; and creating a Better company for today 
and future generations. We seek to make balanced decisions and 
measure performance holistically across these four areas. 
We are 80 years old but young at heart. We keep challenging 
ourselves, guided by our founder Ingvar Kamprad who said:  
“We will move ahead only by constantly asking ourselves how what 
we are doing today can be done better tomorrow”.
The Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23 covers the financial year 2023 (FY23), from 1 September 
2022 to 31 August 2023, unless otherwise stated, and the entities controlled by Ingka Holding B.V. during this time. 
In our report you’ll find information on our financial and nonfinancial performance 
against a wide range of targets and indicators. We aim to provide a transparent 
account of our performance, highlighting areas where we are making progress as 
well as where we are facing challenges. Ingka Group reporting includes:
Find out more
Ingka Group Annual Summary  
and Sustainability Report FY23 
An in-depth account of our performance 
in FY23. 
Short summary of the Ingka 
Group Annual Summary and 
Sustainability Report FY23
Key highlights of our performance and 
challenges FY23
Ingka Group reporting website 
www.ingka.com/reporting 
An online summary of FY23 performance.


Page 3:
3
Contents
XX
13
Summary FY23
About Ingka Group 4
A few words from our leadership 5
Our four movements 6
Our business impact on people and planet 7
Materiality 8
Young Leaders’ opinion letter 9
Our performance at a glance 10
Our data FY23
About our reporting 92
Better homes data 93  
Better lives data 94
Women’s empowerment principles 99
Better planet data 100
Better company data 118
UN Sustainable Development Goals 123 
Assurance report of the independent auditor 126 
Better planet 44
Progress against targets FY23 45 
Climate change 47 
Resource use, circularity and waste 58
Water 63
Biodiversity and forestry 65
Better company 68
Progress against targets FY23 69
Financial resilience 70 
Ethical business conduct 73
Digital trust 75
Responsible sourcing 77
Governance 81
BETTER PLANET
BETTER HOMES BETTER LIVES
BETTER COMPANY
Our progress FY23
Better homes 13
Progress against targets FY23 14 
Affordability and accessibility of products  
and services 15
Healthy and sustainable living 18
Customer and end-user safety 22
Better lives 24
Progress against targets FY23 25
Equality, diversity and inclusion 27 
Health, safety and wellbeing 30
Skills development 33
Fair income 36
Human rights 38
Community impact 41

Page 4:
OUR DATA
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY234
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About Ingka Group  |  A few words from our leadership  |  Our four movements  |  Our business impact on people and planet  |  Materiality  |  Young Leaders’ opinion letter  |  Our performance at a glance  
About Ingka 
Group
EUR 44.3 billion 
total revenue
165,353 
co-workers
3.2 billion 
online visits 
537
Customer meeting points in 31 
countries
44 
Ingka Centres meeting places in 
14 countries 
Read more about 
Ingka Centres
Read more about 
IKEA Retail
Read more about 
Ingka Group
Read more about 
Ingka Investments
Ingka Group operates 537 customer 
meeting points in 31 countries, as 
well as worldwide IKEA e-commerce 
and digital solutions. Our reach and 
expansion are strengthened by our 
network of meeting places, and an 
active investment arm to support 
sustainable growth and business 
transformation.  
IKEA is a franchise business, with many 
companies operating under one IKEA brand. 
Inter IKEA Group B.V. is the franchisor, 
responsible for continuously developing the IKEA 
Concept and ensuring its implementation in new 
and existing markets. Ingka Group is the largest 
IKEA franchisee, generating over 88% of total 
IKEA Retail sales in FY23. Ingka Group is made up 
of three businesses, working closely together: 
IKEA Retail, Ingka Centres and Ingka Investments. 
IKEA Retail
IKEA Retail, is our core business, with the  
purpose to create a better and affordable 
everyday life at home. We operate 399 IKEA 
stores including city stores, as well as 138 plan 
and order points of various sizes. IKEA Retail 
operates under franchise agreements with 
Inter IKEA Systems B.V., the worldwide IKEA 
franchisor. In FY23, we had 697 million visits to 
our IKEA locations and 3.2 billion online visits 
with consent. 
Ingka Centres
Ingka Centres create meeting place experiences 
for people and drive visitation for IKEA and is 
a global developer and operator of retail-led 
destinations through its meeting place concept. 
Ingka Centres has 50 years of experience in 
shopping centres and works with 3,000 brands 
across its portfolio of 44 Ingka Centres meeting 
places in 14 markets and 352 million visits  
in FY23.
Ingka Investments
Ingka Investments makes investments and 
acquisitions that secure Ingka Group’s long-term 
financial strength and support and accelerate 
our business growth, business transformation 
and sustainability goals. Our investments range 
are organised in seven portfolios: Business 
Development Investments, Prioritised Cities Real 
Estate Investments, Venture & Growth Capital, 
Renewable Energy Investments, Circularity 
Investments, Forestland Investments and 
Financial Markets Investments. 
Our unique ownership structure
Ingka Group (Ingka Holding B.V. and its 
controlled entities) has an ownership structure 
that ensures independence and a long-term 
approach. Ingka Group is owned by a Dutch 
foundation, Stichting INGKA Foundation (INGKA 
Foundation). INGKA Foundation does not have 
any owners; it owns itself. It also does not have 
any beneficial owners but holds its assets only on 
its own behalf. This means that nobody is entitled 
to the assets of the Foundation and there are no 
dividends paid to private shareholders.
INGKA Foundation has a charitable purpose 
to create a better everyday life for the many 
people in need. The INGKA Foundation achieves 
its charitable purpose by providing funding to 
the Stichting IKEA Foundation, an independent 
philanthropic grant-making organisation 
committed to tackling the two biggest threats to 
the future of children and families: poverty and 
climate change. 

Page 5:
OUR DATA
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY235
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About Ingka Group  |  A few words from our leadership  |  Our four movements  |  Our business impact on people and planet  |  Materiality  |  Young Leaders’ opinion letter  |  Our performance at a glance  
5
* Jesper and Juvencio are members of the Management Board, Ingka Group’s ultimate decision-making body and responsible for formal conduct and strategic, structural and financial approvals, as well as critical risks. 
Jesper Brodin, President  
and CEO, Ingka Group*
Juvencio Maeztu, Deputy 
CEO and CFO, Ingka Group*
In FY23 we celebrated 80 years of 
IKEA. So much has changed in eight 
decades, but we are still guided by 
the same vision: to create a better 
everyday life for the many people. 
That has never been more important 
or relevant than it is today. 
We succeed as a business by remaining relevant 
and affordable for our customers, by keeping our 
costs low, by reinvesting for the future, and by 
taking care of people and planet. Each element 
is equally important and that’s why we judge our 
performance holistically across four areas: Better 
homes for our customers, Better lives for the 
many people and our co-workers, a Better planet 
for all, and a Better company now and for future 
generations. To us, good performance means 
performing well in each and all of the four areas.  
The past few years have been unprecedented in 
so many ways and while FY23 was a less eventful 
year than some, we continued to operate in 
an environment of economic uncertainty and 
disruption. Yet together with our co-workers, 
we delivered on our vision to create a better 
life at home and in the world, while growing 
the business in a healthy way. We are proud 
“We are proud to be 
in a team of optimistic 
entrepreneurs, 
demonstrating together 
that it is good business 
to be a good business.”
A few words 
from our 
leadership
to be in a team of optimistic entrepreneurs, 
demonstrating together that it is good business 
to be a good business. Highlights from this year 
include opening 60 new locations to bring IKEA 
closer to more people, expanding our range of 
plant-based food options and enabling more 
customers to buy and sell secondhand IKEA 
furniture. We pride ourselves on providing a 
great place to work for our co-workers and 
were pleased that 84% told us that they feel 
they can be themselves at work. Our financial 
performance was good in FY23, with revenues 
of EUR 44.3 billion and a 5.7% increase in retail 
sales. We reinvested 85% of our net income into 
the company and the remaining 15% was paid as 
a dividend to the Stichting INGKA Foundation, to 
achieve its charitable purpose.
We have reduced our total climate footprint 
(scope 1, 2 and 3 ) by 24.3% since FY16 and this 
year we invested a further 0.7 billion (including 
committed investments) in offsite renewable 
energy generation and the wider energy 
transition (EUR 3.8 billion since 2009). To build on 
this progress, we have strengthened our climate 
targets in alignment with the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi) Net Zero standard and 
submitted these for approval to SBTi. The revised 
target is a reduction of the climate footprint 
across the value chain by at least 50% by 2030 
(compared to our 2016 baseline). We will  
report against these from FY24 once they  
have been approved.
As we transform our business to be ever more 
affordable, accessible and sustainable, we are on 
a journey to strengthen our reporting too. We 
want to share our successes and achievements 
but also to be open about the challenges we face 
and to make sure we focus on the issues that 
matter most. We have taken some important 
steps this year and this will remain a priority in 
FY24 and beyond.  
We are 80 years old but young at heart. We look 
to the future with curiosity and humbleness and 
remain inspired by the words of our founder Ingvar 
Kamprad: We will move ahead only by constantly 
asking ourselves how what we are doing today can 
be done better tomorrow. 

Page 6:
OUR DATA
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY236
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About Ingka Group  |  A few words from our leadership  |  Our four movements  |  Our business impact on people and planet  |  Materiality  |  Young Leaders’ opinion letter  |  Our performance at a glance  
6
Better
companyBetter
homes
Better
lives
Better homes
People are at the heart of 
everything we do. We want  
to take a leading role in 
creating a fairer and more 
equal society. Starting with 
our co-workers and supply 
chain, extending to our 
customers, neighbourhoods, 
communities and society at 
large, we are determined to  
be a force for good.  
Better lives
For generations, we have 
been on a mission to bring 
inspiring and affordable home 
furnishings to the many people 
regardless of wallet size. We 
are focussing on omnichannel 
innovation, seamlessly 
integrating our physical and 
digital channels to bring IKEA 
to more people, offering 
affordable products, services 
and solutions that make 
healthier and more sustainable 
living easier. 
We only have one planet, 
the home we all share. We 
are taking bold steps across 
our business to reduce our 
greenhouse gas emissions, 
minimise resource use 
and waste, and promote 
biodiversity and water 
conservation. We are making  
it easier for our customers to 
act too. 
Better planet
We do business with a 
humanistic outlook, guided 
by our vision and values. We 
push to be a fair, inclusive and 
empowering company with good 
governance and respect for 
human rights across our value 
chain. We reinvest a large part of 
our net income in our business  
to become ever more affordable, 
accessible and people and planet 
positive. The remainder is paid  
as a dividend to the Stichting 
INGKA Foundation to achieve  
its charitable purpose.  
Better company
Better
planet
Building better into everything we do
We support the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in their ambition to achieve a better world for all. Read more on pages 124 to 126.


Page 7:
OUR DATA
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY237
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About Ingka Group  |  A few words from our leadership  |  Our four movements  |  Our business impact on people and planet  |  Materiality  |  Young Leaders’ opinion letter  |  Our performance at a glance  
IKEA Retail 
Ingka Centres 
Ingka 
Investments
Impacts we make through products and services we 
purchase, including the IKEA products sold in our stores 
that are supplied by our franchisor Inter IKEA Group. 
1. Upstream
Impacts that come directly from our own operations 
(including co-worker travel and last-mile delivery*) 
through our IKEA stores, Ingka Centres meeting places 
and Ingka Investments.
2. Our own operations
Materials 
Manufacturing 
Production
Transportation 
of products
Transportation 
and delivery of 
IKEA products
Our customers 
and their homes Product 
end of life
Recycling
Reuse
1
2
Impacts that take place when our customers take our 
products home (including customer travel to our IKEA 
stores). For example, electricity used by our kitchen 
appliances and the take-back, recycling or end of life of 
our products.
3. Downstream
3
Buyback & Resell
Repair
Our value 
chain
At each stage of our value chain, our business 
has an impact on people and the planet – from 
our sourcing to the use of our products by  
our customers. 
At Ingka Group we take a value chain 
approach – seeking to understand and 
address our impacts at every stage to achieve 
our vision to create a better everyday life for 
the many people. 
We are accountable for our whole footprint 
but have most control over impacts in our own 
operations (section 2 in the diagram). We work 
with Inter IKEA Group and other partners to 
address issues and opportunities associated 
with sourcing and production (upstream). 
We offer products and services to inspire and 
enable our customers to live a healthier and 
more sustainable life at home and to conserve 
resources through repair, reuse and recycling 
of IKEA products (downstream). 
See next page for the material topics in our 
value chain
* Where we outsource last mile delivery, we report our CO2 emissions in our scope 3 downstream reporting

Page 8:
OUR DATA
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY238
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About Ingka Group  |  A few words from our leadership  |  Our four movements  |  Our business impact on people and planet  |  Materiality  |  Young Leaders’ opinion letter  |  Our performance at a glance  
We want to make sure that we focus our work 
and our reporting on the topics that matter 
most for our stakeholders, our business and 
the planet. To help us do this, we regularly 
conduct a double materiality assessment which 
incorporates stakeholder input and research. You 
can read in more detail about how we conducted 
this assessment in FY23 on page 87.
On this page we show how the material topics 
identified in our double materiality
assessment fit into the four better movements
that form the structure for our report. The table 
summarises the significant impacts, risks and 
opportunities we have identified at each stage  
of our value chain.
We report on the topics 
that matter most
SUMMARY
Affordability and accessibility 
of products and services
 Equality, diversity and inclusion 
 Climate change
Financial resilience 
 Fair income
Biodiversity and forestry
 Digital trust
Healthy and sustainable living 
 Health, safety and wellbeing
Resource use, circularity 
and waste
 Human rights
 Responsible sourcing
Material topics Where do we have the most significant impacts, risks and opportunities?
Upstream Our own operations Downstream
Customer and end-user safety
 Skills development
Water
 Ethical business conduct
 Community impact
Medium
See the full results and 
methodology of our 
materiality assessment
What is a material topic? 
Put simply, material topics are those 
which are most significant and 
relevant for our business and our 
stakeholders. In our assessment, we 
consider two questions – could our 
business impact people or the planet 
in relation to the topic? Could the topic 
impact on the financial performance 
of our business? If the answer is yes 
to either question, we know it’s a 
material topic.
 High       Critical              
Better homes
Better lives
Better planet
Better company

Page 9:
OUR DATA
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY239
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About Ingka Group  |  A few words from our leadership  |  Our four movements  |  Our business impact on people and planet  |  Materiality  |  Young Leaders’ opinion letter  |  Our performance at a glance  
Young Leaders’ opinion letter
Our Work Thus Far
Over the past three years, we have engaged 
with the Ingka Group in a manner that balances 
collaboration with critical oversight. This year, 
our involvement included engaging with 
the Supervisory Board, deep diving into AI 
policy and ethics discussions with the Group 
Management, and providing rapid feedback 
on various sustainability-related initiatives. 
Our work has encompassed challenging and 
advising on issues of circularity, transparency, 
and sustainability, as well as advocating for 
a stronger diversity and equity approach to 
business operations. Our Transparency Working 
Group’s role in reviewing Ingka reports and 
ensuring transparency and accountability has 
encouraged improvements in this year’s report. 
Conclusion
In the face of global uncertainties, including 
devastating geopolitical tensions and climate-
related natural disasters, we recognize that 
the solutions to these challenges require a 
concerted effort from all sectors of society. 
Our collaboration with the Ingka Group has 
pioneered a model for meaningful corporate 
engagement with youth. This partnership 
marks early strides towards more inclusive 
business practices. We hope that our efforts 
will inspire the Ingka Group and other 
businesses to continue evolving in their 
engagement with young leaders. 
Zhilin Xiao, Cathy Yitong Li, Zanagee Artis, Vlad 
Kaim, Kehkashan Basu on behalf of the Young 
Leaders Forum
We would like to see more 
progress in the following areas: 
- Besides commendable efforts on climate 
mitigation, especially on renewable energy, we’d 
love to see Ingka taking the leadership on how 
IKEA and fellow businesses can step up on climate 
adaptation actions.
- Human rights within supply chains are vital. We 
look forward to Ingka’s proactive steps to reduce 
any major non-compliances among suppliers.
- Nature underpins our economy and our 
very existence. We are delighted to see more 
information on biodiversity and forestry shared 
in FY23. We encourage Ingka to further its work 
by setting more specific and science-based 
targets. Additionally, we urge Ingka to go beyond 
FSC certification, ensuring science- and rights-
based consumption and conservation of natural 
resources, through working with Indigenous 
Peoples and local communities.
We have identified the following 
areas that are commendable: 
- Ingka’s reports visibly include ‘challenges’ 
sections, demonstrating their commitment to 
transparency. This openness in acknowledging 
the hurdles and limitations they face in achieving 
sustainability targets is a progressive step. 
- Ingka’s adoption of a double materiality 
assessment marks a noteworthy step in 
sustainability efforts. This approach helps identify 
key environmental and social impacts relevant to 
their operations and stakeholders, demonstrating 
a commitment to enhanced accountability and 
impact assessment.
- Ingka has been a vocal advocate for climate 
actions, including the phasing out of fossil fuels, 
leading by example and encouraging other 
businesses and governments to pursue ambitious 
climate actions, evident in their collaboration with 
the B Team.
We, as part of the Ingka 
Young Leaders Forum, are an 
independent external advisory 
group of under-30 activists and 
professionals deeply committed 
to environmental and climate 
justice. Our collective experience 
spans building global movements, 
shaping multilateral policies, 
and empowering grassroots 
communities, all aimed at 
securing a livable planet for  
future generations.

Page 10:
OUR DATA
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2310
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About Ingka Group  |  A few words from our leadership  |  Our four movements  |  Our business impact on people and planet  |  Materiality  |  Young Leaders’ opinion letter  |  Our performance at a glance  
1,135 
refugees supported through our 
Skills for Employment programme 
in 22 countries
BETTER HOMES
BETTER HOMES
BETTER LIVES
60
14
new locations opened to make IKEA 
more accessible and convenient for 
more people
countries started 
offering our new  
plant-based hot dog
79%
engagement score in our
co-worker survey 
BETTER LIVES
Target: 80%
2.6 million
hours spent by co-workers 
on learning 
BETTER LIVES
76 
Happy Customer score for FY23  
(FY22: 71) 
BETTER HOMES
gender balance in our management 
positions (all leaders)
BETTER LIVES
50/50
Target: 50/50
2.2 million
375,000
customers used our spare assembly 
parts service to maintain and repair 
their IKEA products
customers used IKEA Kreativ, our 
AI-driven digital interior design 
experience 
BETTER HOMES
Our performance at a glance
 
BETTER HOMES
Plant-based hot dog
€0.79

Page 11:
OUR DATA
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2311
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About Ingka Group  |  A few words from our leadership  |  Our four movements  |  Our business impact on people and planet  |  Materiality  |  Young Leaders’ opinion letter  |  Our performance at a glance  
BETTER PLANET
75.9% 
operational waste recycled 
BETTER PLANET
24.3% reduction
in our climate footprint (scope 1, 
2 and 3) from our FY16 baseline
BETTER COMPANY
BETTER COMPANY
BETTER PLANET
EUR 1.5 billion 
     net income
We reinvested 85% of our net income 
into the company and the remaining 
15% was paid as a dividend to the 
Stichting INGKA Foundation, to 
achieve its charitable purpose 
(FY22: EUR 0.3 billion)
More than
260,000
e-learning sessions completed on data 
protection and privacy
79.2%
of electricity we used was from 
renewable sources
BETTER PLANET
Target: 100% by 2025
Target: EUR 7.5 billion by 2030 
(Including EUR 1 billion in 
transitional technologies)
Target: 100% by 2030
EUR 0.7 billion
(EUR 3.8 billion since 2009)
Investments in off-site 
renewable energy (including 
committed investments)
EUR 44.3 billion
Ingka Group revenue
(EUR 42.0 billion in FY22)
BETTER COMPANY
BETTER COMPANY
EUR 1.2 billion 
Total tax bill  
(FY22: EUR 1.0 billion)
Normalised tax rate of 28%

Page 12:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2312
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Our progress FY23

Page 13:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2313
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
 We believe a better home can 
enable a better life. For generations, 
we have been on a mission to 
understand the needs, challenges 
and aspirations of the many, 
bringing inspiring and affordable 
home furnishings to people with big 
dreams – regardless of wallet size.
Better 
      homes
Our material topics
Affordability and accessibility  
of products and services
Healthy and sustainable living
Customer and end-user safety

Page 14:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2314
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
[ ON TRACK ]
[ NOT ON TRACK ]
Customer and end-user safety
Progress against targets FY23
 
OUR TARGETS PROGRESS IN FY23 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
 Affordability and accessibility of products and services
Targets under development.
Targets under development.
We offer IKEA Energy Services in 11 countries, including a home solar service and, in Sweden, a heat pump service. Enable customers to reduce their climate footprint by 
offering IKEA Energy Services in all markets by 2025. 
Healthy and sustainable living 
Progress this year included: 
• As-Is areas in 373 stores where customers can buy returned, discontinued, ex-display and secondhand items for a lower 
price than buying new. 
• Over 211,600 customers (FY22: 105,000) used our Buyback service to give 430,000 items a second life (FY22: 230,000).  
A campaign to ‘Keep Good Things Going’ ran in several markets to highlight the service.
• 24.6 million spare assembly parts provided to customers (FY22: 21.9 million) with online ordering for spare parts now 
available in 28 countries. 
Provide knowledge, inspiration, services and platforms 
supporting customers to actively participate in circular 
actions.

Page 15:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2315
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
 Affordability and accessibility 
of products and services
MATERIAL TOPIC
 With over 80 years of home furnishing and life at 
home expertise, we are constantly innovating to 
meet people’s dreams and needs with products, 
services and solutions that are affordable, accessible 
and more sustainable.
Challenges we are addressing 
• In FY23, despite the challenges of 
inflation, currency fluctuations and 
economic disruption, we invested in 
decreasing prices in some parts of our 
range but still have further to go to 
reach pre-pandemic price levels. We are 
prioritising this in FY24 and expect to 
lower prices for many more products 
during the year. 
• Our customer research shows that we 
can further improve ease of shopping 
for some customers and do more to 
create a smoother ordering process.
What we are proud of
• Opened three new stores, 10 city stores 
and 47 new plan and order points as 
well as two new Ingka Centres meeting 
places. 
• Used innovative technology in our stores 
and fulfilment centres and online to 
improve the customer and co-worker 
experience. 
• 375,000 customers used IKEA Kreativ, 
our AI-driven digital interior design 
experience.  
• Despite economic challenges in many 
markets, our retail sales grew by 5.7%.  
• Our  IKEA Life at Home Report shared 
unique insights from research with 
37,000 people in 38 countries.

Page 16:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2316
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
An affordable offer
 Affordability is always our priority. 
We fine-tune our service offering 
and work with our franchisor Inter 
IKEA Group to ensure that we have 
an affordable offer. Ingka Group 
measures affordability against 
competitors and by tracking our 
perception amongst customers.
 The pandemic and war in Ukraine have disrupted 
supply chains over the last few years and led 
to price instability and rises in the cost of raw 
materials, goods and services which have 
resulted in price increase for some products. At 
the start of FY22, we started to invest in lowering 
prices in selected parts of our range, choosing 
the products we knew our customers loved and 
needed the most. We have continued to invest 
in decreasing prices wherever possible and will 
keep doing so for many products across markets 
in the coming months despite challenges due 
to inflation, currency fluctuations and other 
economic disruption.  
We offer financial services in 29 markets to help 
customers spread the cost of their purchases. 
In FY23, we extended these including offering 
new loan services in Italy, Spain and Sweden and 
a payment by instalment service in Portugal. 
Customers in five countries can also acquire 
the IKEA Family credit card to spread the cost of 
purchases and gain rewards. To safeguard our 
customers and support their financial resilience 
in a responsible way, we always provide at 
least one offer at 0% interest rate. We partner 
with financial service providers who share our 
values and we work to make sure our offers are 
communicated in a way that is simple and easy 
to understand. 64% of customers using our 
financial services to purchase at IKEA report that 
without financial services they could not afford to 
make their purchase (fully or partially). 
Ingka Investments made new minority 
investments in two financial services companies 
DirectID and Kreditz which are improving 
management of credit risk and supporting more 
accessible financial services. 
We are making sure our products and services 
for healthy and sustainable living are affordable 
to the many. See page 18. 
Bringing our stores 
closer to more 
people
We are investing in new locations 
and expanding in city centres to 
make IKEA more accessible and 
convenient for more people.
We increasingly integrate our digital and physical 
sales channels to facilitate a seamless customer 
journey and a convenient shopping experience 
wherever, whenever and however our customers 
want to meet us.
During the year we opened three new stores, 10 
city centre locations and 47 new plan and order 
points as well as two new Ingka Centres meeting 
places. For example, in the US we opened new 
locations in San Francisco and Arlington Virginia 
and announced an EUR 2 billion (USD 2.2 billion) 
investment in omnichannel growth over the 
next three years. This will create 2,000 jobs, 
strengthen our fulfilment network and 
include eight new IKEA stores and nine plan  
and order points. In Spain we are making a 
EUR 150 million three year investment in new 
locations which will see us recruiting more  
than 1,500 new co-workers. In Denmark, we 
opened our first city centre store in Copenhagen 
and invested in Denmark’s second-largest 
logistics centre, CDC Copenhagen, which will 
improve availability, flexibility and delivery  
times for customers.
IKEA Kreativ: bringing interior design to the many 
IKEA Kreativ, our AI-driven digital design experience enables customers 
to design and visualise their own living spaces, using a computer or 
smartphone. It enables customers to ‘erase’ existing furniture from the 
scene, position new IKEA furnishings and accessories, rapidly swap 
through alternatives, and fully design the room. Now available in nine 
markets, 375,000 customers used IKEA Kreativ in FY23.  
We also offer our online interior design service to help customers 
transform their homes, with convenient access to home furnishing 
advice at affordable prices. In FY23, 321,000 people used the service to 
create a better home in 30 countries.


Page 17:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2317
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Digital services 
and solutions
Today 26% of our sales are 
generated from our digital 
touchpoints and we expect  
this to increase. 
 We are using technology to enhance the online 
experience, to engage with our customers in 
relevant ways and to improve the accessibility 
of our products and services. For example, even 
in our smaller stores we want customers to be 
able to experience our full range. In France, 
we’ve been testing interactive room design that 
enables customers to visualise our range at full 
scale using digital projections. Home furnishing 
products that would usually require 40,000 m2  
of display space can be viewed in a 9m2 area. 
We are also using automation to improve 
efficiency and enhance the co-worker and 
customer experience. For example, by using 
autonomous drones to track stock inventory 
we can free up co-workers to focus on meeting 
our customers on the shopfloor. We have over 
100 drones in 17 locations in Belgium, Croatia, 
Slovenia, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, 
Switzerland and the US. In Japan, our Tokyo Bay 
store has introduced a robotics solution that 
automatically picks products from the storage 
area to fulfil orders of small items. This is 
improving delivery times and giving co-workers 
more time to spend with customers. In FY23, we 
ran or tested more than 40 different automation 
solutions. Our Digital Ethics Policy helps ensure 
we use AI and other technologies responsibly, 
see page 76. 
What our 
customers think
We use sales data, customer 
feedback and research to assess 
whether our products and services 
are affordable and accessible, and 
to help us keep improving. Despite 
economic challenges in many 
markets, our retail sales grew by 
5.7% in FY23.  
Our Brand trust score, tracked via consumer 
and customer research, improved thanks to 
better perceptions of our shopping experience 
and remained stable in relation to perception 
of range quality. We outperformed direct 
competitors in relation to perceptions of our 
impact on society and the environment, although 
our score dipped slightly on the previous year. 
47% of people in our primary market areas trust 
IKEA more than other brands within the home 
furnishing category. We track our Brand trust 
score in 30 countries, and in 27 of these we are 
the most trusted brand vs direct competitors. 
Our end of year Happy Customer score for FY23 
was 76, compared with 71 in FY22. The results 
show improved ratings for ease of shopping, 
stock availability, remote customer support and 
co-worker availability. The results also showed 
that we can further improve ease of shopping for 
some customers and create a smoother ordering 
process. Happy Customer scores are based on 
feedback from several sources.  
To further improve how we measure customer 
perceptions of their shopping experience with 
IKEA we are currently evolving and improving the 
methodology for our Happy Customer score.
 
Insights and ideas 
for a better life at 
home
We conduct life at home research to 
help us develop products, services 
and solutions that make a good 
home more accessible to the  
many people. 
Our annual IKEA Life at Home Report was based 
on a survey with more than 37,000 people in 38 
countries. We found that people’s concerns about 
the economy and their health and wellbeing 
continue to rank highest, but during times of 
uncertainty they still feel good about life at home 
– 60% of people feel positive about their current 
life at home, and 52% say that home is their 
favourite place to be. The report also explores 
the eight key emotional needs that create the 
feeling of home – privacy, ownership, security, 
comfort, belonging, enjoyment, accomplishment 
and aspiration. Read more here.


Page 18:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2318
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
 Healthy and sustainable living
MATERIAL TOPIC  The IKEA ambition is to inspire and enable 1 billion 
people to live a better everyday life within the 
boundaries of the planet by 2030. At Ingka Group, 
we contribute by bringing our customers products, 
services and solutions that can help to reduce 
their environmental impact and by using our 
communication to inspire positive lifestyle changes. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• Finding circular solutions that strike 
the right balance between accessibility, 
convenience, profitability and 
scalability takes time. We are testing  
many different approaches, building 
our knowledge and expertise and 
scaling up the most successful. We 
continue to work to accelerate progress 
in this area.   
• We have not been able to roll out 
our IKEA Energy Services to more 
countries as quickly as we would like 
due to a number of factors including 
fluctuations in customer demand, 
the ongoing cost of living crisis and 
changes in government subsidies and 
regulations.  
• We are developing our approach to 
enable us to measure and report 
progress against the IKEA ambition to 
inspire and enable 1 billion people to 
live a better everyday life within the 
boundaries of the planet.
What we are proud of
• Continued to develop our in-store 
Sustainable Living Shops to build 
awareness about more sustainable living 
and highlight products and actions that 
can help customers to use less energy 
and water, reduce waste and prolong 
product life. 
• Over 211,600 customers used our 
Buyback service to sell back IKEA 
products they no longer need.  
• Provided spare assembly parts to  
2.2 million customers to help them 
maintain and upgrade their IKEA 
products. 
• Made our plant-based food options 
available at the same price or even lower 
than our meat-based alternative. This 
applies even in cases where the cost 
of raw materials is higher than for our 
meat-based products. 
HUVUDROLL
Plant balls, 500 g
€4.50/0.5 kg

Page 19:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2319
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Sustainability 
and the IKEA range
  
The IKEA range includes products 
designed to make it easier to adopt 
sustainable living habits at home. In 
a time of rising living costs and high 
energy prices, we want to make sure 
customers know about these products 
and understand that saving energy and 
resources at home can also save them 
money. 
 In FY23, we continued to develop our in-store 
Sustainable Living Shops. These are spaces 
within our stores designed to build awareness 
about sustainable living practices at home. We 
use them to highlight products and actions 
that can help customers to: use less energy, 
use less water, create less waste, reuse 
products and prolong product life. Products 
that may be featured include long-lasting 
LED lightbulbs, energy-saving light control 
systems, rechargeable batteries, blinds that trap 
heat, cooling pads, energy-efficient induction 
cooktops, home solar systems and water-saving 
showerheads. In some markets we also include 
our energy and Buyback services. 
Products and 
services for circular 
living
We are testing, adopting and scaling 
up solutions that can help to prolong 
the life of our products, keep resources 
in use for longer, and make it easier for 
people to give products they no longer 
need a second life. This can reduce 
the use of resources, and be more 
affordable for customers. 
Finding circular solutions that are accessible, 
convenient, profitable and scalable is not 
straightforward. By trialling different approaches, 
we are building our knowledge and experience, 
working towards solutions that are good for our 
customers, commercially viable and contribute 
to our commitment to transform into a circular 
business.  
As-Is areas in our stores: The ‘As-Is’ part of our 
stores is where we sell a variety of products 
at lower price points than buying new. These 
can include customer returns, discontinued, 
secondhand or ex-display products. All items that 
are sold through As-Is are thoroughly inspected 
to ensure functionality and safety. We are rolling 
out our updated As-Is concept that includes 
information on how we are working with more 
circular practices and provides inspiration on 
how to prolong the life of IKEA products. By the 
end of FY23, we had As-Is areas in 373 stores,
and 337 of these had the updated concept (FY22: 
306). In addition, we continue to our expand the 
As-Is option online, and this is now available for 
278 stores in 24 countries.  
Latest sustainability 
highlights in the IKEA range 
SÅPÖRTMAL is a low-cost solid beech wood 
chopping board and serving tray. It is made 
from off-cuts from production of other 
wooden products, helping to reduce waste. 
VINDSTYRKA, our new air quality sensor 
launched in FY23, enables customers to 
easily monitor air quality inside their homes.
UPPÅTVIND air purifiers, our low-cost 
solution for customers who want to improve 
indoor air quality, were launched globally. Our SAMMANLÄNKAD sun-powered LED lamps 
were developed with social business Little 
Sun to enable customers to try solar energy 
and raise awareness about the need for 
sustainable energy sources. 
Our BROGRUND 
mixer tap includes a 
cold start function. 
It can help to reduce 
energy and water use 
because customers 
don’t have to run the 
tap when switching 
between cold and hot 
water. It is rated in the 
highest performance 
band by the European 
Unified Water Label 
(dark green).
VINDSTYRKA
Air quality sensor
€40
SAMMANLÄNKAD
LED solar-powered 
lighting
€12
BROGRUND
Shower set with 
thermostatic  
mixer
€215
LÖVKVIST and HÖLASS bins with lids, 
designed to enable recycling habits. HÖLASS 
features two internal compartments to 
promote waste sorting and is accessible for 
many because of its low price.
SÅPÖRTMAL
Chopping board
€10
HÖLASS
Bin with lid
€3.50

Page 20:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2320
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
In FY23, more than 45.1 million products were 
given a second life (FY22: 42.6 million), with 
36.1 million products resold via the As-Is areas 
and more than 9 million repacked and sold in 
other areas. We sold 263,000 products via As-Is 
online reservations, a significant increase on the 
previous year (FY22: 70,000).  
Buyback & Resell service: Customers in 28 
countries can bring back IKEA products they no 
longer need to one of our stores and receive 
an IKEA voucher to spend in-store or online, 
including on our food range. Over 211,600 
customers used the service in FY23 (FY22: 
105,000) for 430,000 items (FY22: 230,000). We 
are pleased at the progress but recognise that 
secondhand still accounts for a small percentage 
of our global sales.  
Despite our Buyback service, we know that 
many people still dispose of IKEA furniture that 
is in good condition and could be reused. In 
Norway, we are trialling a new partnership with 
the municipality of Oslo to create a dedicated 
collection point for unwanted IKEA furniture at 
the Haraldrud municipal recycling centre. We 
hope this will improve convenience and increase 
the amount of good quality IKEA furniture that 
we can resell.  
Spare assembly parts: We offer a spare 
assembly parts service in 30 countries, helping 
customers prolong the life of their IKEA products 
by replacing small parts, like screws and fittings 
(known as assembly parts). In FY23, 2.2 million 
customers used the service (FY22: 1.8m), with 
24.6 million assembly parts provided (FY22: 
21.9 million). Our online system is now rolled 
out across 28 countries via IKEA.com, making 
ordering assembly parts easier. We source 
most assembly parts from our suppliers, but 
co-workers also rescue parts from returned 
products that can’t be resold.  
Circuit at Ingka Centres: Circuit, is a concept 
designed to bring the idea of a community-based 
circular lifestyle to the many people, through 
services, events and offers. Our first Circuit 
in Birsta City Sweden, includes secondhand 
and rental services and a swap where visitors 
can exchange items according to a monthly 
theme. It also hosts workshops and activities 
to help people better care for and extend the 
life of their belongings. Circuit was already 
awarded the NCSC - Nordic Commercial Spaces 
& Communities Award for Commercial Concept 
of the Year, NCSC Sweden Innovation Concept 
Award and Svensk Handel Sustainability Initiative 
Award. We will test Circuit in a small number of 
meeting places in FY24. 
IKEA Energy 
Services bringing 
renewable energy 
to customers
IKEA Energy Services, available in 11 
countries, enable customers to use 
and produce renewable energy at 
home. 
We work with different partners to deliver the 
services and our offer, which varies by country, 
includes:
• A home solar service, including solar panels 
and, when suitable, a battery storage 
system or electric vehicle charging point. 
This service, currently active in 11 countries, 
enables customers to produce their own 
energy. In FY23, we extended our home 
solar service to customers in California, US 
working with a leading solar technology and 
energy services provider. 
• An electricity subscription service in Sweden, 
making it easier for customers to switch to 
buying electricity from renewable sources.
• A heat pump service in Sweden, helping 
customers to buy quality heat pumps at 
affordable prices and to potentially use less 
energy to heat and cool their home. In its 
first year, this service helped almost 2,000 
customers in Sweden to install a heat pump. 
We have not been able to roll out our IKEA 
Energy Services to more countries as quickly as 
we would like. This is due to a number of factors 
including fluctuations in customer demand which 
result from the ongoing cost of living crises in 
many countries. This creates uncertainty and 
makes it harder to address affordability issues 
in partnership with our suppliers. Although 
renewable technologies can generate significant 
savings for customers over time, and prices have 
been trending downwards over the last year, it is 
still a large initial investment for our customers 
to make at a time when wallets are squeezed 
from many angles. Fluctuations in government 
subsidies for consumers and policies that 
prevent customers from selling excess energy 
generated back to the grid have also had an 
impact. We continue to explore opportunities 
to speed up the roll out and make our offer 
available to more IKEA customers.


Page 21:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2321
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Making plant-
based food more 
affordable and 
accessible
One of the ways we can achieve 
our vision is to offer affordable and 
accessible plant-based food with 
a lower climate impact (read more 
here). By including more plant-based 
alternatives on our menus, we can 
enable and inspire more people to 
try plant-based eating.
Our goal for 2025 is that 50% of our IKEA 
restaurant meals offered will be plant-based. 
A growing number of our customers are opting 
for our plant-based food products, including our 
veggie balls, plant balls, plant-based hot dogs, 
veggie hot dogs, and plant-based soft ice. To 
encourage this, since 2022 we’ve made sure that 
our 30 Ingka retail markets offer our plant-based 
food at the same price, or a lower price than the 
meat-based option (even where the cost of raw 
materials is higher).
We have introduced a new training programme 
for co-workers in our food business, to increase 
knowledge of the sustainability aspects of our 
food range and help co-workers to communicate 
with customers on this topic.
Informative 
and inspirational 
communication
We want to use our communication 
to inspire positive lifestyle changes 
and to nudge and encourage 
our customers, co-workers and 
partners to take actions such as 
saving energy, reducing waste and 
prolonging the life of IKEA products. 
In FY23 our customer communication included 
our ‘Keep Good Things Going’ campaign that 
highlighted our Buyback service. We also ran 
an energy-saving campaign across 21 countries 
that highlighted small actions that could save 
customers money by reducing energy use at 
home as well as products from the IKEA range 
such as LED lights. The campaign reflected 
growing customer focus on rising energy costs. 
We saw an increase in sales of products featured 
in the campaign. 
We want all co-workers to feel confident 
about communicating on sustainability and 
our products with customers. Our 30 minute 
introduction to sustainability training helps build 
their knowledge and, by the end of FY23, 66% of 
our co-workers had completed the training.  
While communicating about our products 
or services it is important that we have clear 
substantiated facts for any environmental 
claims that we make. Vague, non-specific or 
misleading statements about the sustainability 
aspects of a product can lead to greenwashing 
claims. The European Union has introduced 
a new directive called Substantiating Green 
Claims and is strengthening Unfair Commercial 
Practices Directive to fight greenwashing 
practices effectively. In FY23, we reviewed our 
in-store sustainability communications and 
adjusted these where needed to make sure they 
are specific and easy to understand and that we 
have evidence to back up any environmental 
claims. We are developing our wider approach 
to this topic in partnership with Inter IKEA. 
We support the development of a clear and 
predictable regulatory framework in relation to 
greenwashing.
Our new plant-based hot dog
We’ve been serving hot dogs since the 1980s. 
Now customers can enjoy our new plant-
based hot dog, which we think is just as tasty 
as the original and costs the same too. It 
has been designed to closely resemble our 
meat-based hot dog in taste, look and texture 
but is based on rice protein. The plant dog 
was introduced at our bistros in 14 European 
countries in FY23 and will be rolled out 
globally from early 2024. 
Plant-based hot dog
€0.79

Page 22:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2322
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Customer and end-user safety
MATERIAL TOPIC
 The safety of customers who use our products and 
who visit our stores and locations is a top priority. 
We work closely with Inter IKEA to continuously 
improve the safety of our products and locations. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• Maintaining high safety standards 
in our locations requires all our co-
workers to be vigilant and to apply 
our policies consistently. We need 
to continually reinforce a focus on 
safety through our training and 
communications.  
What we are proud of
• Conducted training sessions for our 
Retail Solutions and Product Quality 
teams on safety requirements for display 
solutions and retail installations. 
• Rolled out the GOOD FOOD app for our 
co-workers to help manage safety and 
hygiene processes in food storage and 
preparation to 25 countries.

Page 23:
        Better homes
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2323
Progress against targets  |  Affordability and accessibility of products and services  |  Healthy and sustainable living  |  Customer and end-user safety
   Better lives      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Customer safety 
in our locations
We have strict safety policies and 
procedures for our stores and 
meeting places, to ensure that 
customers stay safe throughout 
their visit. 
Co-workers carry out regular safety checks in 
customer areas to make sure all furniture is 
displayed safely and to check for and address 
any potential trip hazards. Checks are particularly 
frequent in our children’s play areas. 
We train co-workers on customer safety and we 
work closely with Inter IKEA to integrate safety 
measures into the design of retail equipment 
such as shopping trolleys and racking. 
Most customer accidents in our stores and 
locations are minor and are due to slips, trips 
and falls. More serious accidents are rare but can 
occur, for example, when a customer is handling 
items in our warehouse areas. 
We conducted training sessions for our Retail 
Solutions and Product Quality co-workers in FY23 
on safety requirements for display solutions and 
retail installations.
Food safety 
and hygiene
We served food to more than 630 
million customers last year.
In all our food outlets we have rigorous safety 
and hygiene standards to make sure our food 
is always safe to eat. To do this, we apply food 
safety standards set by Inter IKEA, incorporate 
best practice from international accredited 
bodies and comply with local regulations. All 
our food outlets undergo an external third party 
audit against our safety standards twice a year. 
We are rolling out the GOOD FOOD app to help 
our co-workers manage safety and hygiene 
processes in food storage and preparation. It 
includes digital checklists and enables them to 
monitor digitised temperature checks for hot 
and cold food items and automated temperature 
checks for fridges and freezers. Co-workers can 
use the app to track that any corrective actions 
are implemented and followed up. 
Product safety
Product safety for the IKEA range is 
primarily the responsibility of Inter 
IKEA, whose approach includes:
• Risk assessment: A formalised risk 
assessment process known as “Design for 
Safety”. Product safety risk assessments 
consider intended – and unintended – uses 
of every product we sell.  
• Safety testing: Over a million product tests 
are carried out every year at IKEA Test Labs 
in Älmhult, Sweden, and China, as well as 
independent accredited test labs around the 
world.  
• Safety standards: IKEA product safety 
standards comply with, and often exceed, 
all relevant safety laws and standards in the 
countries where we operate.  
• Information for customers: We provide 
guidance on correct use of products to 
prevent any safety issues occurring. 
At Ingka Group, we are responsible for reporting 
any safety concerns that arise in relation to the 
IKEA range to Inter IKEA via an online reporting 
tool which is monitored 24/7. Co-workers are 
trained on our Ingka Product Safety Policy and 
how to report concerns. We track the number 
and types of concerns raised to ensure co-
workers are applying our policies consistently.  
Our compliance teams check our displays, room 
sets and advertising to make sure that products 
are shown being used correctly and safely. 
We have a process to ensure that secondhand 
products are assembled correctly and relevant 
safety information is provided to the customer.  
Read more on the Inter IKEA website. 
Product safety in action
Furniture tipping over is one of the most 
significant safety risks for the home furnishing 
industry. If not properly assembled and secured 
to a wall, a small shift in the centre of gravity 
can put both children and adults at risk. We are 
continually finding ways to improve the overall 
safety and stability of furniture. 
One recent example is VIHALS chest of drawers 
that has a new safety feature called Anchor 
and Unlock. With this feature you must anchor 
your furniture to the wall to be able to open 
more than one drawer at a time. Once you’ve 
anchored the chest of drawers to the wall, the 
drawers are unlocked, and you can open as 
many as you like at once.
VIHALS
Chest of 4 drawers
€125

Page 24:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
24
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
 People are at the heart of 
everything we do. We want to take 
a leading role in creating a fairer 
and more equal society and to 
improve the lives of the millions 
of people that interact with, or are 
impacted by, our company. 
Our material topics
Equality, diversity and inclusion 
Health, safety and wellbeing
Skills development
Fair income
Human rights
Community impact
Better 
       lives

Page 25:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
25
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
[ ON TRACK ]
Equality, diversity and inclusion
Health, safety and wellbeing
 We maintained a 50/50 gender balance in our management positions (all levels of management). Although this target was 
originally for FY22, we continue to measure ourselves against it, reflecting the importance of this issue. 
Our engagement score was 79% (FY22: 81%, FY21: 80%), almost meeting our target. 
We are progressing well towards our target, with women now making up 38.5% of our Group Management (including our 
Management Board), 41.4% of board members for our three Ingka businesses and 42.9% of committee members. At country 
level, women made up 55.8% of registered board members. 45.8 % of country CEOs were women and 61.6% of country retail 
management teams.
Women accounted for 25% of members on the Supervisory Board. There are currently no women on our Management Board 
which is a small group of two members.  
Our boards and committees are small in size and individual changes can have a large impact on total figures creating significant 
variations from year to year. 
Our survey shows that 79% of co-workers believe we live our values (FY22: 80%, FY21: 80%); although this is very slightly below  
our target we are pleased with this strong result. 
Our score in FY23 was 80% (FY22:81%). 
Data from our voluntary and anonymous Diversity & Inclusion survey in FY22 showed that while our overall co-worker population 
reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate, further work is needed to increase diversity at all levels of 
management. We will repeat the survey in FY24. 
Progress against targets FY23
 
OUR TARGETS PROGRESS IN FY23 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
[ ON TRACK ]
[ ON TRACK ]
[ ON TRACK ]
Achieve gender balance across our business by FY27. 
Maintain at least an 80% engagement score in our 
co-worker survey. 
Achieve gender balance across our governing bodies 
and senior leadership (boards and committees) by FY27.
At least 80% of co-workers believe we live our values, 
based on our co-worker survey.
Score 80% on our inclusion index, based on our 
co-worker survey.
Increase ethnic, racial and national diversity at all 
levels so our workforce reflects the diversity of the 
communities in which we operate by 2024.
[ ACHIEVED ]
[ ACHIEVED ]

Page 26:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
26
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Progress against targets FY23
 
OUR TARGETS PROGRESS IN FY23 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
Fair income 
Human rights
Community impact***
Our latest annual equal pay assessment shows that 3.87% of co-workers belong to groups where pay gaps cannot be explained by 
performance, competence or a country’s legal requirements (FY22: 4.84%).
We have supported 2,935 refugees through skills for employment programmes in 24 countries. In FY23, 1,135 refugees completed 
the training. Although we did not meet the target in FY22 as we had originally intended, we were pleased to meet and exceed it in 
FY23. 
Equal pay for women and men performing work 
of equal value in all countries.**
Targets under development.
Support at least 2,500 refugees through job training 
and language skills initiatives in Ingka Group units 
across 30 countries by 2022.
Skills development
74% of co-workers in our survey reported that they have good opportunities to develop their competencies (FY22: 74%).
We continued to run our programmes such as Digital Accelerators and Bootcamps, launched our new onboarding process focused 
on rapid skills development, and created a skills library to make it easier for co-workers to access learning and development 
programmes.
At least 80% of co-workers feel they have good 
opportunities to develop their competencies.*
Upskilling and reskilling training provided to co-workers 
in our transformation initiatives starting with customer 
service, facilities and stores.
[ ON TRACK ]
[ ON TRACK ]
[ ACHIEVED ]
[ ON TRACK ]
* We have updated our target to reflect a change in how we track co-worker views on competency development. Our previous target was that at least 80% of co-workers are empowered to develop their competencies.
** Our target on gender equal pay is for our own co-workers.
*** We are no longer reporting progress against our previous target to develop products and services with local social businesses. As a result of changes in how we source and work with suppliers at Inter IKEA and Ingka Group, it was no longer possible to achieve this 
target. We continue to work with social businesses in several markets and will start work to develop a new target during FY24.


Page 27:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
27
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
What we are proud of
• Maintained gender balance (equal 
representation of men and women) 
across Ingka Group co-workers and 
management teams. 
• Continued to pilot Equal UP!, our 
programme to remove barriers that 
hinder people from underrepresented 
backgrounds from reaching leadership 
positions. 2,000 people managers and 
co-workers took part in our inclusive 
leadership programmes in two countries. 
• 84% of co-workers feel they can be 
themselves at work.
Equality, diversity 
and inclusion
MATERIAL TOPIC  We believe that a better everyday is an equal 
everyday. Ingka Group is committed to fair 
treatment and equal opportunities, creating a 
workplace where people of all backgrounds and 
identities can thrive and feel supported and valued 
for who they are. Together we want to create a 
workplace that is as diverse as the world is, and as 
inclusive as the world should be. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• Our overall co-worker population 
reflects the diversity of the 
communities in which we operate 
(based on our co-worker survey in 
FY22) but further work is needed to 
increase ethnic, racial and national 
diversity at all levels of management.  
• We have further work to do, in 
partnership with others, to improve our 
diversity data, in particular in relation 
to ethnicity.  
• We are making good progress on 
gender balance in senior leadership but 
have not yet achieved it for our Group 
Management, Management Board and 
Supervisory Board. We aim to address 
this through succession planning.

Page 28:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
28
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Our priorities
We focus on multiple dimensions 
of diversity and their intersections, 
including gender, ethnicity, race, 
nationality, ability, and sexual 
orientation. For the last two years we 
have been particularly prioritising: 
gender balance, ethnicity and 
disability inclusion. 
Our Ingka Group Equality Plan comprises goals 
and actions focused on: 
• Co-workers: reflecting the diversity of our 
society at all levels and creating an inclusive 
work environment.  
• Business: embedding equality into our 
business practices, policies and ways of 
working.  
• Society: advocating for a more equal society 
and being a positive example to inspire 
change, including through our Skills for 
Employment programme (see page 43). 
Every Ingka Group country has developed a local 
Equality, diversity and inclusion (ED&I) action 
plan, and most have a dedicated ED&I Leader. In 
FY23, we established our ED&I Sponsors Network 
to encourage learning between different parts of 
the business. Sponsors are drawn from country 
and function management teams to help embed 
ED&I in strategic decisions.  
Key policies – including our policy on Human 
Rights and Equality and our Rule on Equality –  
support our efforts to establish a workplace 
that is free from discrimination, harassment and 
hostility. Each of our countries in the European 
Union has signed their country’s national 
diversity charter. 
Co-worker Resource Groups (CRGs)
We have over 20 CRGs, voluntary networks of 
co-workers based on shared identities. CRGs are 
helping to foster an inclusive culture through 
education, individual development, networking 
and sharing lived experiences through 
participation in celebrations and heritage 
moments. Themes include gender equality, 
LGBT+ inclusion, ethnicity, and disabilities. 
A gender balanced business 
We maintained gender balance (equal 
representation of men and women) across Ingka 
Group co-workers and management teams in 
FY23. At the end of the year 50% of managers 
and 45.8% of country CEOs in our markets were 
women (FY22: 49.5%*, 45.8%).  
We are proud of the progress we have made so 
far and are working to maintain our position. 
Actions we’re taking include mandating gender 
balanced final interview candidate shortlists, 
implementing mentoring and reverse mentoring 
initiatives, supporting Women and Allies 
networks and promoting co-worker wellbeing at 
key life stages such as the menopause.  
Women made up 38.5% of our Group 
Management (including our Management 
Board), 41.4% of board members for our three 
Ingka businesses and 25% of the Supervisory 
Board. The Ingka Succession approach, launched 
in FY22, is helping to make our succession 
planning more inclusive, including for our most 
senior roles. Over time, we expect this to have a 
positive impact on gender balance among our 
top leadership, see page 35. Our data on gender 
balance is subject to external assurance (see 
page 93 for details of the assurance).
 
Equal UP! to improve representation
We aim to have a workforce and leadership 
that reflects the multicultural diversity of the 
communities and countries in which we operate. 
In FY23, we continued the pilot of Equal UP! 
in Portugal and the US. This initiative aims to 
develop our inclusive behaviours and people 
processes to remove barriers that hinder 
people from underrepresented backgrounds 
reaching leadership positions. The pilots involved 
awareness and inclusive leadership programmes 
for over 2,000 people managers and co-workers 
across 12 business units. Co-workers contributed 
to developing new approaches to tackling 
the impact of unconscious bias in attraction, 
recruitment, onboarding and development. We 
will use what we have learnt from the pilot to 
develop our Group-wide approach.  
Fifteen of our countries have now set targets to 
improve multicultural diversity in management 
positions by FY27. 
* We have restated our data for FY22 to correct an inaccuracy (previously reported as 49.8%).


Page 29:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
29
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Focus on disability inclusion
W e want to make sure we are accessible 
– physically, socially and mentally – to our 
customers and co-workers. We launched the 
first Ingka Global Disability Inclusion Approach 
in FY23 to improve accessibility, to increase 
engagement on issues surrounding disability, 
and to clarify accountability for delivering our 
plans. We are working with organisations such as 
the Business Disability Forum, an independent 
not-for-profit organisation, and the Valuable 
500 to carry out internal and external reviews of 
our current efforts to identify opportunities for 
improvement.  
We track the percentage of co-workers with  
a disability and we include questions relating 
to disability and workplace adjustments in our 
co-worker survey to help us assess progress on 
being a disability inclusive workplace. Our most 
recent diversity and inclusion survey, conducted 
in 2022, showed that 11% of co-workers identified 
as having a disability. We will repeat the survey 
in FY24 to help us set a baseline for monitoring 
progress. 
LGBT+ inclusion
Our LGBT+ Inclusion approach and Global Trans 
Inclusion guidelines help our managers create an 
inclusive workplace where LGBT+ co-workers feel 
welcome, safe and accepted. In many countries 
we participate in Pride events and mark the 
International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia 
and Transphobia (IDAHOBT). We are members 
of Workplace Pride, Stonewall, and Open for 
Business, a business coalition for advancing 
LGBT+ inclusion.
Measuring progress on inclusion
Our inclusion index helps us measure progress 
on creating an inclusive culture and is based on 
questions from our co-worker survey. The score 
for FY23 was 80% (FY22: 81%). The survey also 
showed that 84% of co-workers feel they can be 
themselves at work (FY22: 86%). 
To monitor the success of our interventions, we 
need to strengthen the data we hold on co-
worker diversity. Ingka Includes is our voluntary 
co-worker survey which will run for the second 
time in FY24. It can be challenging to collect 
ethnicity data in some countries due to local 
regulatory restrictions. 
Building competence for ED&I
We are focusing on tackling bias in the workplace 
to improve the quality of decision making in our 
people management and business processes. 
Since FY22 we have been rolling out unconscious 
bias training and over 3,000 leaders and 
recruiters have participated so far. In addition, 
800 of our most senior leaders have completed 
our ED&I: Bridging Intentions and Actions 
workshop and we are rolling it out to all country 
management teams.
84%
of co-workers feel they can be 
themselves at work

Page 30:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
30
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Health, safety and wellbeing
MATERIAL TOPIC
 Across all parts of Ingka Group, our goal is to create 
a workplace that people are proud to be a part of, 
where they can grow and develop and feel that they 
are making a difference. We prioritise our co-workers’ 
wellbeing, investing in programmes and support to 
help them thrive at work and at home. Research shows 
a strong correlation between satisfied co-workers 
and customer happiness. So, investing in co-workers’ 
happiness and wellbeing is good for our co-workers and 
good for business. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• We have established working groups 
to explore lower scoring areas in our 
co-worker survey such as workload and 
to develop an action plan. 
• Higher risk processes for health and 
safety include customer fulfilment and 
logistics (27% of incidents), sales (22%) 
and food operations (21%), often when 
co-workers are handling material or 
using hand tools. 
• Rising online sales can increase 
some safety risks, for example 
musculoskeletal disorders connected 
to manual handling of packages. 
Staff turnover, stress and fatigue also 
contribute to health and safety risks.  
• Mental health conditions are increasing 
worldwide and this impacts our co-
workers.
What we are proud of
• Achieved a reduction in our Lost Time 
Accident Frequency Rate (LTAFR). 
• Rolled out wearable exoskeletons to 
prevent injuries and reduce repetitive 
strain and fatigue for co-workers lifting 
heavy boxes and packages. 
• Offered a range of programmes and 
support to help co-workers look after 
their mental, physical and financial 
wellbeing. 
• 83% of co-workers participated in our 
annual survey which showed an overall 
engagement score of 79%. 
• Reduced our voluntary co-worker 
turnover rate.

Page 31:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
31
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Health and safety 
performance
We want all co-workers to feel and 
be safe at work, no matter what their 
role. 
 Our Group Rule on Health and Safety and our 
framework on Occupational Health and Safety 
(OH&S) provide guidance on how our locations 
should evaluate and mitigate safety risks. We 
have health and safety training for all co-workers 
and more detailed training for managers.  
Our Lost Time Accident Frequency Rate (LTAFR), 
the number of lost time accidents (more than 
one day of lost time) per million hours worked, 
was 13.07 in FY23 (FY22: 15.19, FY21: 12.61).*  
Our OH&S induction and refresher training  
was completed over 46,000 times in FY23.  
There were no co-worker fatalities.  
During FY23 we worked with our country 
teams to ensure safety metrics are being used 
correctly and we established a safety network, 
with regular meetings and communications to 
encourage consistency and more best practice 
sharing around the Ingka Group.  
We continued to roll out our safety training for 
managers and began developing further safety 
standards for contractors and third parties 
operating on our sites. We also reviewed and 
updated our Group Rule on Health, Safety and 
Security in FY23 and will roll it out in FY24. 
Developing 
our wellbeing 
programmes
Our Ingka Group Health and 
Wellbeing Framework helps us 
to create consistency across our 
markets in the quality and extent of 
support we provide to co-workers. 
We focus on three aspects of wellbeing:
• Mental wellbeing – We provide an inclusive 
and open working environment where 
our co-workers feel supported and able to 
seek help when needed, can realise their 
potential, work productively and cope with 
the normal stresses of life. We encourage 
open and honest conversations about 
mental health to break down taboos and 
stigma. We run our global mental health 
training and support World Mental Health 
Day to help tackle stigma around mental 
health. 
• Physical wellbeing – We promote healthy 
lifestyle choices, from offering nutritious 
food in our canteens to providing facilities 
for exercise, helping co-workers to stay fit 
and well and avoid preventable diseases. 
• Financial wellbeing – We want to help 
our co-workers to build a strong financial 
foundation through access to financial 
education and resources including tax 
advice, pension planning, support during 
major life events and learning modules 
focusing on budgeting and financial 
planning. We offer flexible benefits to 
help co-workers manage their economic 
lives, both in the present and future. 
By supporting our co-workers’ financial 
wellbeing, we aim to alleviate financial 
stress and promote security and stability.
We are exploring how flexible working solutions 
can help to improve business efficiency and co-
worker wellbeing. For example, we are trialling 
self-scheduling systems in several countries 
which give shop-floor co-workers more control 
over their work schedules and help them to 
maintain a good work–life balance.  
Employee Assistance Programme
Our Employee Assistance Programme, available 
in all countries, provides access to experts, 
counselling, and resources to support co-
workers ́ mental, physical and financial wellbeing 
and promote healthy lifestyles. 
* Data is for retail employees only. We identified an error in our previously reported data for FY22 and as a result we have restated this figure (previously reported as 17.16). Data for FY21 has also been restated 
(previously reported as 12.93).
Exoskeletons: 
an exciting new technology
A wearable exoskeleton may sound futuristic 
but this technology is already helping to 
protect the physical health of co-workers  
in our warehouses. Worn over clothing,  
the exoskeleton reduces the impact of  
heavy lifting on joints and muscles. For 
co-workers lifting many heavy boxes and 
packages every day, it can prevent injuries 
and reduce repetitive strain and fatigue. 
This benefits the business, too, with fewer 
days off work. We have received positive 
feedback from co-workers already using 
the exoskeletons and have worked with the 
supplier to ensure the technology is available 
and cost effective across our locations. 


Page 32:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
32
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Improving retention, reducing 
turnover
We track co-worker turnover and review 
the causes to identify where there may be 
opportunities to strengthen our communication, 
policies and processes. 
In FY23, voluntary co-worker turnover was 21.0% 
(FY22: 23.9%*) and involuntary turnover was 9.0% 
(FY22: 10.4%*). We were very pleased to achieve 
a reduction in voluntary turnover and believe 
this reflects our work on improving flexibility and 
giving co-workers more control over scheduling, 
as well as our fair income policies (page 37).
What do our 
co-workers think? 
We track the impact of our co-worker 
programmes through our regular 
engagement survey. We were really 
pleased that in FY23, 135,200 co-
workers took part, an 83% response 
rate (FY22:83%). We view this high 
response rate as an indicator that 
co-workers trust us to listen and 
respond to their feedback. 
We achieved an overall engagement score of 
79% (FY22: 81%) which is well above the global 
benchmark of 71%. The overall survey score was 
79% (FY22: 80%). 
Consistent with previous years, Ingka Group 
co-workers rated us most positively on questions 
relating to leadership, equality, diversity and 
inclusion and collaboration.  
The survey also identified areas where we can 
do better. For example, co-workers expressed 
concerns about managing workloads and 
lacking resources, tools and equipment. We have 
established a taskforce to address concerns 
relating to workload including giving co-workers 
more flexibility and control over scheduling and 
improving our people planning processes. We’re 
also investing to make sure that co-workers have 
the tools and equipment they need.  
Our eNPS – employer Net Promotor Score 
(showing how willing employees are to 
recommend their workplace to people they 
know) – was 23 (FY22: 27). While this dropped 
year on year, it remains significantly higher than 
the global cross-sector benchmark score of 6.
* We identified some errors in our previously reported data and as a result we have restated our data for FY22.
83%
Leadership index
83% in FY22  
73%
Health and wellbeing
74% in FY22
80%
Inclusion index
81% in FY22
79%
Living our values index
80% in FY22

Page 33:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
33
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Skills development
MATERIAL TOPIC
 We are on a journey to create a dynamic and 
democratic learning culture at Ingka Group. We 
believe everyone can lead, everyone has talent, 
and everyone is a learner. Regardless of where 
we come from, and whatever our role, position or 
assignment, we work hard to make sure all of us at 
Ingka Group have equal opportunities.
Challenges we are addressing 
• Many co-workers will need new or 
additional skills in the near future to 
meet changing business needs and to 
adapt to the changing nature of work. 
We’re preparing for this challenge 
through our upskilling and reskilling 
programmes.  
• We are working to further adapt 
our learning offer to ensure we 
are providing relevant training and 
development for each role and work 
environment alongside our broader 
learning programmes. 
What we are proud of
• 2.6 million training hours were logged by 
co-workers and 74% of co-workers felt 
they had good opportunities to develop 
their competencies. 
• We have a succession plan in place for 
70% of our global key positions. 
• Bloom!, our Market Manager 
Programme, ran for the second year, 
preparing ambitious and diverse early-
career co-workers to step into market 
leadership roles.  
• 83% leadership score in our  
co-worker survey (FY22: 83%)

Page 34:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
34
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Strengthening 
our approach 
to learning
Learning and skills development 
begins with onboarding and includes 
acquiring the skills for your role as 
well as mandatory training such 
as health and safety and data 
protection. In FY23, we took some 
important steps to improve access  
to learning for all. 
This included the launch of our Group Learning 
Principles, to help us develop, modify and curate 
relevant and accessible learning content for our 
many co-workers and our mandatory training 
framework which defines which training is 
required for which roles.  
We also created a skills library and methodology. 
This covers all job categories across Ingka, giving 
co-workers equal access to clear information on 
the skills they need for their role and potential 
future roles. This will be rolled out from FY24.  
We run many upskilling and reskilling 
programmes. For example, 8,500 co-workers 
in our call centres have been upskilled to adapt 
to changing customer needs, see page 76. 
In addition to our own training, co-workers 
continue to access LinkedIn Learning and 
Rosetta Stone language learning where they 
can benefit from over 16,000 courses and learn 
24 languages. Over 18,400 co-workers used 
LinkedIn Learning in FY23, accessing over  
25,000 hours of content. Co-workers com- 
pleted almost 24,000 hours of learning  
on Rosetta Stone.  
To track the impact of our learning approach 
and programmes we monitor business results, 
our Happy Customer score, feedback from co-
workers following training sessions and via our 
regular co-worker survey I Share. 
Leadership by all 
Our leadership approach is designed to empower 
all co-workers to unleash their potential to lead, 
supported by targeted upskilling programmes. 
Our Leadership idea is summarised as: inclusive 
values-based leadership by all. It includes seven 
leadership expectations for all co-workers which 
are: I develop our business; I create results; I 
collaborate and co-create; I develop myself and 
others; I communicate with impact; I navigate the 
unknown; I lead by example.  
Bloom!, our Market Manager Programme, 
prepares ambitious early-career co-workers 
to step into market leadership roles. Now 
in its second year, 88 participants took part 
in FY23, representing 35 nationalities with 
60% women. Diversity is a key element of the 
Bloom programme and candidate selection is 
gender balanced with 30% of slots assigned 
to underrepresented groups. Although only in 
its second year, we are already seeing Bloom 
participants go on to successfully take up Market 
Manager and Deputy Market Manager roles.  
Since its launch in 2022, our introductory 
leadership e-learning course has been accessed 
by more than 60,000 co-workers, including over 
28,500 in FY23. During the year we focused on 
developing leadership learning journeys for 
co-workers and managers and established five 
key leadership practices to support co-workers 
in their development. These are designed as 
enablers of behavioural change to further 
strengthen our Leadership by all movement. 
We track the impact of our programmes by 
assessing co-workers’ views on the quality of our 
leadership through our annual survey I Share. 
Performance against our leadership expectations 
accounts for half of the score in all co-worker 
annual appraisals. 
Developing our digital skills 
We are investing in growing and developing our 
Group Digital function. For example, we ran the 
fourth iteration of our Accelerators programme 
in FY23 focused on recruiting, onboarding and 
upskilling junior team members into hard-to-fill 
positions, such as software engineers, system 
engineers, data engineers and data scientists. 
The programme combines learning activities 
with on-the-job learning over six months. In 
FY23, we also took the time to run our Re:Root 
awareness training on our culture and values 
for 650 co-workers who have recently joined our 
digital teams. 
2.6 million 
training hours were logged by  
co-workers (FY22: 2.8m)
74% 
of co-workers felt they had good 
opportunities to develop their 
competencies (FY22: 74%)
83%  
leadership score in our co-worker 
survey based on responses to ten 
questions (FY22: 83%)

Page 35:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
35
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
A more effective onboarding process
When a new co-worker joins us, it’s our job to help them to quickly gain confidence in their 
new role and become comfortable performing their tasks and assignments. To support 
this, we developed a skills-based onboarding approach which focuses on learning the skills 
needed to perform the role rather than broad competence areas. We piloted this with our 
goods flow co-workers in Sweden and Portugal in FY23 (those responsible for making sure 
our stores are stocked with the right products each day). We achieved strong results with 
new joiners improving their skills by 150% in the first month. We also saw a reduction in 
90-day turnover. 
Succession 
planning and 
performance 
development
The Ingka Succession Approach, 
introduced in FY22, aims to ensure 
we have a strong succession 
pipeline for leadership and 
managerial positions that aligns 
with our strategies for co-worker 
development and equality and 
diversity. It integrates a focus on 
skills development and empowers 
co-workers and their line managers 
to set development goals, develop 
performance and progress careers. 
We are starting to see a positive impact with 
a succession plan now in place for 70% of our 
global key positions and improved diversity and 
gender balance in our succession pipeline. 
Performance Success – our performance and 
development approach launched in FY22 – aims 
to give equal, fair and transparent opportunities 
for everyone at Ingka Group to perform and 
develop. It focuses on enabling (rather than 
managing) performance and is based on 
frequent touchpoints between manager,  
co-worker and team, with regular feedback  
and coaching. 
Advocacy and 
partnerships
We work with many partners to 
improve our learning offer and 
participate in global efforts to 
develop skills and close skills gaps.  
In FY23 this included working with the World 
Economic Forum through its Future Skills  
Alliance and Chief Learning Officers community, 
the EU Pact for Skills and the Learning Forum 
Skills Group.  

Page 36:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
36
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Fair income
MATERIAL TOPIC  A fair income is essential to improving the wellbeing 
of all co-workers and at the heart of building a more 
inclusive IKEA. We define it as an income that is 
perceived by co-workers as fair reward for the work 
they do and which enables them to live a decent 
life. Fair income is part of our Total Rewards offer 
which includes: our culture and values, purposeful 
jobs, choice-driven benefits, supporting wellbeing 
and sustainability, performance appreciation and 
safeguarding a decent standard of living. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• Our Responsible Wage Practices survey 
showed that we need to develop the 
competencies of line managers to  
have meaningful conversations with  
co-workers on pay. 
• We have made strong progress on 
gender equal pay but we are still 
identifying some pay gaps. When  
gaps are identified we take action  
to close them. 
What we are proud of
• Combined feedback from co-workers 
and managers shows that our 
Responsible Wage Practices framework is 
helping to ensure accuracy, transparency 
and legal compliance in relation to pay 
and benefits.  
• Our fifth annual group-wide gender 
equal pay assessment showed that we 
reduced the percentage of co-workers 
in groups where pay gaps could not be 
explained by performance, competence 
or a country’s legal requirements. 
• More than 96,000 co-workers received  
a bonus pay-out for FY23, totalling  
EUR 311 million.

Page 37:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
37
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Responsible wage 
practices (RWP)
Our Responsible Wage Practices 
framework is our shared approach 
with Inter IKEA Group to providing 
fair incomes across the value chain 
by focusing equally on five practices: 
Equality at work, Pay principles, 
Competence, Dialogue and  
Living wage. 
It includes a consistent methodology for 
calculating, benchmarking and monitoring a 
living wage that is used in all Ingka countries. 
This is informed by data from the WageIndicator 
Foundation, a not-for-profit organisation that 
calculates and benchmarks living wages across 
multiple countries. 
We have rolled out our RWP framework to all 
our countries. In FY23, more than 10,000 co-
workers participated in a RWP survey to answer 
questions on the topic, building on feedback 
from workshops with unit management teams 
and a management survey in FY22 as well as the 
results of our living wage benchmarking. The 
combined results suggest that our pay principles 
and living wage practices are well established, 
and are helping to ensure accuracy, transparency 
and legal compliance in relation to pay and 
benefits. Our research also identified a need to 
develop the competencies of line managers to 
have meaningful conversations with co-workers 
on pay. We will use these findings as a baseline 
to help us monitor our future progress on 
implementing the RWP .  
In the longer term, we plan to roll out the RWP 
to our value chain but our current focus is on our 
own co-workers. 
Gender equal pay 
(GEP)
We are committed to achieving 
and sustaining equal pay for work 
of equal value. There should be no 
gaps in pay that are not explained 
by performance, competence, or 
a country’s legal requirements. 
We use annual Gender Equal Pay 
assessments across our markets  
to identify and address any gender 
pay gaps. 
In FY23 we carried out our fifth annual group-
wide gender equal pay assessment.* This 
found that, 3.87% of co-workers were in groups 
where pay gaps could not be explained by 
performance, competence or a country’s legal 
requirements (FY22: 4.84%). We put concrete 
actions in place, both monetary and non-
monetary, to address the gaps including salary 
and reward adjustments where necessary. 0.78% 
of co-workers were in groups where financial 
investment was needed to close a pay gap (FY22: 
1.02). Our assessment process and reported data 
for FY23 were externally reviewed by KPMG (see 
page 126 for details of the assurance). 
We use a set of gender-neutral salary setting and 
review principles, we focus on gender balance in 
recruitment, and, where allowed by local law, we 
do not ask about a candidate’s previous salary.  
Our Group and Country Management Teams 
are required to report annually on the status of 
gender equal pay during their board meetings 
and we train recruiters and managers. 69.0% 
of our recruiters and 59.4% of managers have 
completed training on gender equal pay. 
We are a member of the Equal Pay International 
Coalition (EPIC), an initiative led by the 
International Labour Organization (ILO), UN 
Women and the Organisation for Economic Co- 
operation and Development. Our membership is 
one way that we demonstrate our commitment 
to equal pay for current and potential co-
workers, and help to raise the profile of this 
issue. We are also a founding member of the 
World Economic Forum business commitment 
framework for gender parity in the future  
of work. 
* The assessment covers all Ingka Group part-time or full-time co-workers with temporary and permanent contracts. It excludes the following groups: seasonal co-workers, co-workers with non-comparable 
salary setting (for example due to being on assignment), co-workers of Ingka Holding B.V. (holding company) and acquired companies, co-workers not receiving a salary during the assessment period (for 
example because they joined the business in the month prior to the assessment date) and co-workers for whom we don’t have information on gender.
Ingka Group rewards and benefits 
We aim to offer our co-workers equal-for-all 
core benefits like paid time off, parental leave, 
insurance, pension, and co-worker discounts 
as well as market-relevant flexible benefits to 
support their wellbeing. 
We want all co-workers to understand their total 
rewards offer and aim to be transparent about 
pay. Since FY22, we have been rolling out the 
My rewards portal to provide co-workers with 
more personalised insights into their rewards 
and benefits. As of FY23, the portal was live in 13 
countries with the remaining countries expected 
to be using the portal by the end of FY24. By 
the end of FY23, the portal was available to 
almost 93,000 co-workers and around 60% of 
these had already used it. Feedback has been 
very positive with co-workers appreciating 
the simple overview and reporting that it has 
improved their understanding of the benefits 
they’re entitled to.  
Our annual One IKEA Bonus programme 
rewards co-workers for achieving and exceeding 
our business goals and is directly linked to 
our financial performance. More than 96,000 
co-workers received a bonus pay-out for FY23, 
totalling EUR 311 million.  
Our loyalty programme Tack! is inspired by 
our founder Ingvar Kamprad, who wished to 
share the success of IKEA among all co-workers 
equally. It rewards co-workers who have worked 
for Ingka Group for at least 5 years with a 
contribution to their individual pension funds. 
In democratic fashion, all co-workers within a 
country receive the same Tack! amount. The 
programme paid EUR 103 million towards Ingka 
co-workers’ pensions funds in FY23. 

Page 38:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
38
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Human rights
MATERIAL TOPIC
 At Ingka Group we put respect for human rights 
at the heart of our business, integrating it into our 
strategies, policies and processes based on the 
UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights. Our respect for human rights encompasses 
everyone our business touches including our  
co-workers, customers, workers in our supply  
chain and our neighbours.
Challenges we are addressing 
• Our baseline assessment showed 
that we can further strengthen our 
governance around human rights and 
further develop our risk assessment 
processes and remediation framework. 
We have put an action plan in place to 
address the findings. 
• Human rights issues are often systemic 
and complex to address. We need to 
work in a joined-up way within our 
business and with others to reduce 
human rights risks but this can take 
time. We are working to develop 
metrics and targets on human  
rights risks.
What we are proud of
• Conducted a company-wide human 
rights baseline assessment to 
benchmark our approach against the 
UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights and current and 
upcoming human rights legislation.  
• The assessment found we have some 
key policies and procedures in place 
to protect human rights in our own 
operations and the wider value chain. 

Page 39:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
39
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Our approach 
to human rights
 The Ingka Group Policy on Human 
Rights and Equality is the basis 
of our approach and we are also 
guided by the IKEA Employment 
Standards, our Code of Conduct 
and IWAY – the IKEA supplier code 
of conduct. Our Policy is approved 
by our Management Board and 
our Sustainability Committee. The 
Committee, chaired by our Deputy 
CEO and CFO, governs and monitors 
our approach to human rights. We 
have a Human Rights and Social 
Impact team to lead our efforts. 
Salient human rights risks: We aim to focus 
on the most salient human rights risks – those 
that could create severe negative impacts. 
Potential human rights risks for our industry, 
include modern slavery and forced labour, low 
wages, undocumented cash wages, excessive 
hours, unsafe working conditions, and threats to 
freedom of association rights. Assessing direct 
and indirect human rights risks is an ongoing 
process and we are continually learning and 
developing our approach.  
Due diligence: Through the IWAY System 
we aim to identify human rights risks before 
supply agreements are entered into and to 
continue to identify, monitor and manage these 
throughout the lifetime of the agreement. Our 
risk assessment covers human rights aspects 
such as workplace health and safety, wages and 
working hours. See page 86. Human rights is one 
of the categories included in the Ingka Group 
risk management process and we are exploring 
how we can further embed this. For more on risk 
management see page 85. 
Remediation: We take seriously our 
responsibility to remediate any negative 
human rights impacts on people, society and 
the environment that we cause or contribute 
to. Our approach, including which impacts we 
prioritise for remediation, depends on how 
we are connected to the impact and its nature 
and severity. In cases where Ingka is indirectly 
connected to a negative impact caused by 
one of our suppliers, we work together with 
and through the supplier to provide access to 
remediation with the support of experts or an 
independent partner or organisation, when 
necessary. We are reviewing how we provide 
remedy to affected stakeholders beyond our 
direct business partners to ensure we align 
with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights.
Our baseline assessment
We c onducted a company-wide human rights 
baseline assessment in FY23. This aimed to 
identify any gaps in our internal policies and 
processes and to make sure we’re fully aligned 
to the UN Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights as well as current and upcoming 
human rights legislation.  
The assessment found there was a shared 
understanding of the importance of human 
rights due diligence across our business and 
that we have some key policies and procedures 
in place to protect human rights in our own 
operations and the wider value chain. It also 
identified some gaps and opportunities to 
strengthen our work both internally and in our 
supply chain. It recommended that we should 
extend our grievance mechanism to our value 
chain, further develop our governance structure 
and remedy frameworks and ensure we integrate 
human rights due diligence in all processes 
where there could be human rights risks.  
The baseline assessment has provided valuable 
insight and deepened our understanding of what 
it means to be a duty-bearer. We have created 
an action plan to address gaps identified in the 
baseline assessment and elevate the voices of 
rightsholders and impacted communities in our 
due diligence. 
Extending our grievance 
mechanisms
Co-workers who have any human rights 
concerns can raise them through our internal 
grievance mechanism, Trust line, see page 74. 
IWAY also requests suppliers, to put a grievance 
mechanism in place that enables workers to 
raise complaints or concerns without fear of 
retaliation.  
We also aim to offer appropriate external 
grievance mechanisms so people outside our 
organisation can report any human rights 
concerns relating to Ingka Group directly to us. 
We are working with Inter IKEA to explore how 
we can develop a grievance mechanism for 
workers in our supply chain to report violations 
of IWAY, our supplier Code of Conduct.  
In the EU, we are making our internal grievance 
mechanism, Trust line, available in compliance 
with the EU Directive on Whistleblowing. This 
enables people who have a work relationship 
with Ingka, such as freelance workers, suppliers, 
contractors, job candidates and volunteers, to 
raise concerns about workplace misconduct. For 
more on Trust line see page 74.

Page 40:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
40
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Respecting 
and supporting 
children’s rights
We are committed to being a 
child-friendly retailer. We always 
try to act in the best interest of the 
children and families that come into 
contact with our business through 
our products, stores, marketing and 
supply chain. We have zero tolerance 
for any form of child abuse. Our 
approach is based on the Children’s 
Rights and Business Principles, 
developed by Save the Children, the 
UN Global Compact and UNICEF. 
Children’s rights are covered in our Ingka Group 
Policy on Human Rights and Equality and we 
have detailed principles for child participation 
and safeguarding. We make our stance on 
child labour clear to suppliers through our 
IWAY Standard on Preventing Child Labour 
and Supporting Young Workers. Our belief is 
that young people who are legally able to work 
should have access to decent employment 
opportunities, but they should not do hazardous 
work, night work or overtime. There were no 
cases of child labour identified in FY23. For more 
on IWAY and the results of supplier audits see 
page 78.  
We have a set of principles for marketing 
agencies and production companies to ensure 
marketing that addresses or portrays children 
aligns with our standards.
Advocacy 
and partnerships
Our partners on human rights 
include the B Team, UNICEF and 
World Economic Forum. We are 
members of the Business Network 
on Civic Freedoms and Human 
Rights Defenders.
We believe businesses have a responsibility to 
provide transparency on human rights through 
due diligence reporting. Together with our 
franchisor, Inter IKEA Group, we are engaging 
with EU institutions, members of the European 
Parliament and Council of the European Union 
and other stakeholders for the adoption of the 
proposal for a Corporate Sustainability Due 
Diligence Directive (CS3D) and Forced Labour 
Ban. We think that due diligence mechanisms 
should use a risk-based approach that allows 
businesses to identify and manage risks 
proactively, moving beyond simply avoiding 
adverse impacts. We have co-signed a letter  
from the Business & Human Rights Resource 
Centre (BHRRC) calling for the EU to align the 
CS3D with the standards of the UN Guiding 
Principles and the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises.
In FY23 we also participated in the World 
Economic Forum Equity of Opportunity Dialogue 
Series; co-hosted a roundtable on child rights 
and the just transition with Inter IKEA Group and 
UNICEF; and spoke on human rights at a panel at 
the European Parliament.


Page 41:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
41
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Community impact
MATERIAL TOPIC  We want to have a positive impact on everyone our 
business touches and that includes supporting the 
neighbourhoods in which we operate and where 
our co-workers and customers live. The Ingka Group 
Neighbourhoods framework aims to create long-
lasting social impact in neighbourhoods near our 
stores and meeting places. It focuses on projects 
across three areas where we believe we can make 
the most difference: increasing access to better 
homes; creating pathways to decent work; and 
enabling the many people to participate. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• We do not yet have all the data we 
need to fully assess the long-term 
impact of our community programmes. 
• We want to get more of our co-workers 
and customers involved in our work 
in local neighbourhoods and are 
exploring the best ways to do this. 
• Due to changes in how we source and 
work with suppliers at Inter IKEA and 
Ingka Group, we discontinued our 
target to develop products and services 
with social businesses. We are now 
looking at how we can find new ways to 
support the work of social businesses. 
What we are proud of
• Supported over 99,000 people through 
our social impact programmes in local 
neighbourhoods.  
• 1,135 refugees completed our Skills for 
Employment training in 22 countries 
during FY23, and we rolled out the 
programme to the Ingka Centres 
business for the first time. 
• Continued to pilot our Neighbourhoods 
framework and social impact toolkit 
in three countries and launch new 
partnerships focusing on our community 
impact priorities .

Page 42:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
42
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Making progress 
on our three 
priorities
Our social impact projects are 
delivered in partnership with local 
NGOs and experts to maximise our 
impact and help us to tackle the root 
causes of issues such as poverty and 
homelessness. 
Our focus areas are:
• Increasing access to better homes – 
exploring innovative approaches and 
partnerships to increase access to essential 
products, services and affordable housing, 
using our knowledge of life at home, our 
products, donations and input from our 
co-workers.
• Creating pathways to decent work – 
including skills for employment for refugees 
and integrating social businesses and 
enterprises into our Ingka Group supply 
chain.  
• Enabling the many people to participate – 
supporting local social rights organisations 
and being an advocate for policies and 
actions that improve local neighbourhoods. 
We want to amplify the impact of our 
partnerships by getting our customers, 
co-workers and partners involved in 
making donations, raising awareness and 
advocating for change. 
We also provide emergency support to 
communities affected by natural and manmade 
disasters.
We supported over 99,000 people through 
our social impact and emergency response 
programmes in in FY23 (FY22: 417,500). The 
number of people supported was lower this year 
because there were fewer natural disasters and 
emergencies affecting people in our markets.  
Our social impact toolkit helps Ingka Group 
countries to implement successful projects in 
the neighbourhoods around our stores and 
customer meeting places. It includes a step-by-
step guide and templates for research, interviews 
and activities, as well as indicators for measuring 
the social and business benefits of our projects. 
It supports our countries and locations to identify 
the issues that matter in their local communities. 
In FY23 we have been piloting our approach and 
toolkit in Italy, US and India. 
A new partnership to help tackle the UK’s housing crisis
There are over 112,000 homeless households living in temporary accommodation in the UK, and over a million households on social housing waiting 
lists. Our new partnership with Shelter, the housing and homelessness charity, aims to help those affected by this housing crisis.
Through the partnership, some of our UK co-workers will be trained by Shelter to become ‘Life at Home Experts’ who can help others to understand 
their housing rights and keep hold of their homes before they reach crisis point. Trained co-workers will support their colleagues and others who 
may be experiencing housing issues and signpost useful support and advice. We are also funding Housing Rights Workers, who are based in Shelter 
advice hubs offering expert advice to people experiencing or at risk of homelessness. 
The launch of the partnership has also seen the beginning of a three-year research project following the journeys of families living in social housing. 
The in-depth findings will be used to inform the focus for the partnership and to develop advocacy campaigns to encourage wider change. Read 
more at IKEA.co.uk/Shelter .
During FY23 we also installed a ‘Real Life Roomset’ in several of our stores to highlight to customers the impact of homelessness on people in the UK. 
We created a template letter that customers could use to write to their local MP to call for action on homelessness. We also took the Roomsets to the 
annual conferences of the UK’s two main political parties. 

Page 43:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
43
    Better lives
Progress against targets  |  Equality, diversity and inclusion  | Health, safety and wellbeing  |  Skills development  |  Fair income  |  Human rights  |  Community impact
        Better homes      Better planet           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Responding 
to emergencies
We supported people and 
communities affected by 
emergencies including the war 
in Ukraine and many other local 
natural and manmade disasters. 
We developed a standard operating 
procedure for IKEA Retail, to provide 
stores and countries with guidance 
on how to deliver appropriate and 
effective emergency support to meet 
local needs. 
Our support is tailored to each situation and 
includes cash funding for organisations working 
on the ground as well as in-kind donations of 
products, services and resources. 
Many of our Ukrainian co-workers affected by 
the war have been helped to find employment 
in a new country through our Hiring Displaced 
Talent framework. Many people fleeing the 
war in Ukraine have ended up in Poland and 
neighbouring countries and our business there 
has been developing a package of longer-term 
support to assist some of them. This includes 
language courses and training and upskilling in 
IT and digital to help people find work, as well 
as supporting children’s groups and childcare 
options. For example, in Poland we have been 
working with Habitat for Humanity to furnish 
flats for refugees benefiting 600 people and 
working with the Saint Nicholas Foundation to 
help women find jobs, including by improving 
childcare provision. 
Advocacy
and partnerships
We are collaborating with UNHCR, 
the UN refugee agency, to change 
the narrative around refugees and 
challenge people’s biases through 
storytelling and campaigns. 
This year we continued to share examples of 
real people with a refugee background who 
are now engaged in our Skills for Employment 
programmes, giving them the chance to tell their 
own stories. This included a communications 
campaign in 26 markets on World Refugee Day. 
We also collaborated with UNCHR to train our 
recruitment teams and Tolga Öncü, our Retail 
Operations Manager co-chaired the World 
Economic Forum Refugee Employment Alliance.  
In FY23 we also engaged with over 700 
businesses in 18 markets on refugee 
employment, sharing our insights and case 
studies to demonstrate the benefits of 
integrating refugees into the workforce. This 
included holding events at Ingka Supplier Days 
and a business roundtable during the World 
Retail Conference and making our Skills for 
Employment toolkit freely available online. 
 Skills for Employment – helping refugees into the workforce
With over 100 million people fleeing conflict, violence and persecution around the world, 
it is more important than ever to help refugees integrate into their new communities. Yet 
despite the benefits for business and society of refugee integration, refugees and asylum 
seekers still face higher levels of unemployment and negative misconceptions.
To date, we have supported 2,935 refugees across 24 markets through our Skills for 
Employment programme for displaced people. This is designed for refugees who need 
support and skills development before they can find work. It includes 3-6 months of work 
experience, training and language lessons, making it easier to gain employment inside or 
outside our business. 
In FY23, 1,135 refugees completed the training across Ingka Group. This included Ingka 
Centres’ first pilot of Skills for Employment, working with 20 tenants across three meeting 
places in Poland. 51 displaced people completed the programme and 38 of these found 
employment with Ingka Centres, IKEA or one of the tenants.
Our Hiring Displaced Talent Framework is a pathway to IKEA recruitment for displaced 
people, who are ‘job ready’. It was first introduced to support Ingka co-workers and their 
partners in Ukraine, and has now been extended to any displaced talent from across 
the globe. It helps them to find jobs in our logistics, food, sales and other departments 
and supports them during onboarding and when adapting to their new role. In FY23, we 
introduced a toolkit for Ingka countries and, working with the UNHCR, we trained our 
recruitment teams on our approach. We also created a talent pool database, so when 
new roles arise displaced talent can be quickly put forward as candidates. 337 candidates 
have been recruited so far.


Page 44:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2344
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
 We only have one planet, the 
home we all share. We are 
committed to playing our part 
in tackling global environmental 
challenges including climate 
change, biodiversity loss and 
water scarcity. And we have to 
act now. 
Better 
      planet
Our material topics
 Climate change
 Resource use, circularity and waste
 Water
 Biodiversity and forestry

Page 45:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2345
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
[ ON TRACK ]
[ ON TRACK ]
[ ON TRACK ]
Climate change
We contributed to this goal by promoting IKEA products, food and services with a lower climate footprint and by providing 
renewable electricity to IKEA suppliers (via investments in wind and solar farms made by Ingka Investments). In FY23, scope 
3 emissions from IKEA products and food arising from Ingka Group sales (88.0% of IKEA sales) decreased by 26.3% against 
the FY16 baseline. In November 2023 we strengthened our climate targets in alignment with the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) Corporate Net Zero standard and submitted these for approval to SBTi. The revised target is a reduction 
of at least 50% in the climate footprint of IKEA products and food by 2030 (compared to our 2016 baseline). We will 
report against the revised targets from FY24 once they have been approved.
In FY23, our greenhouse gas emissions from our own operations (scope 1 and 2) decreased by 53.2% against our FY16 baseline 
and by 23.1% since FY22. This was mainly driven by an increase in renewable electricity and closure of our Russian retail 
operations. Our energy efficiency has also improved. As part of the update to our climate targets we have strengthened 
this target. The revised target (which has been submitted to the SBTi for approval) is an 85% reduction. We will report 
against it from FY24 once it has been approved by SBTi.
By the end of FY23, the proportion of home deliveries by electric or zero emission vehicles doubled to 24.6% (FY22: 12.3%.)***** 
We plan to significantly speed up progress to meet our target for all home deliveries to be made by zero emission vehicles 
through further investment, innovation and collaboration.
In FY23, 79.2% of the electricity we used was from renewable sources compared to 74.6% in FY22.***
During FY23, we retrofitted six existing sites with renewable heating and cooling (mainly heat pumps powered by renewable 
electricity). Out of the seven owned sites we opened during the year (new stores, meeting places and fulfilment units), five 
of them are equipped with renewable heating and cooling. Phasing out fossil fuels by switching to heat pumps requires 
significant investment and can be a complex and lengthy process.We have developed a roadmap for installing heat pumps  
at over 150 additional units by 2030. 
We have achieved a 2.7% reduction in relative greenhouse gas emissions from our FY16 baseline, mainly due to our expansion 
in city centres which has reduced the average journey time to our stores. However, relative emissions have increased in the 
past year by 1.9% mainly due to higher congestion in global cities which has led to an increase in driving time per trip. 
As part of the update to our climate targets we have strengthened this target. The revised target (which has been 
submitted to the SBTi for approval) is an absolute reduction of at least 40%. We will report against it from FY24 once it 
has been approved by SBTi.
Progress against targets FY23
 
OUR TARGETS PROGRESS IN FY23 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
 Contribute to a 15% reduction in the climate footprint of 
IKEA products and food by 2030, while still growing the 
IKEA business.*
Reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions from our 
own operations (scope 1 and 2) by 80% by 2030 (from 
FY16).**
Note: this is a science-based target (approved by the SBTi in 2018).
Renewable heating and cooling systems in 100% of our 
buildings by 2030. 
Aim for all home deliveries to be made by zero emission 
vehicles by 2025.
Use 100% renewable electricity in our operations by 
2025.
Reduce relative greenhouse gas emissions from 
customer and co-worker travel and home deliveries by 
50% per person by 2030 (from FY16)****.
Note: this is a science-based target (approved by the SBTi in 2018).
[ NOT ON TRACK ]
[ NOT ON TRACK ]
[ NOT ON TRACK ]
* This target relates to part of our scope 3 emissions (those from IKEA products and food arising from Ingka Group sales) and not our whole scope 3 footprint  
** This target covers our scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions which are responsible for 1.6% of our total climate footprint in FY23. This includes greenhouse gas emissions from energy use (1.4% of our total climate footprint) and other scope 1 and 2 activities 
relating to our operations, including refrigerants and company-owned vehicles.
*** We have been unable to procure renewable electricity in Russia in FY22 and FY23, due to the geopolitical situation. Our 17 retail stores in Russia were paused in March 2022 and closed in mid-2022. These were located within the Ingka Centres MEGA shopping 
centres which we continued to operate in FY23. The Ingka Centres in Russia accounted for 18% of our total electricity consumption in FY23. In September 2023 we announced an agreement to sell all our centres in Russia.
**** We measure emissions per trip rather than per person.
***** Data calculated in the last month of the financial year (August).

Page 46:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2346
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Resource use and circularity and waste
Resource use and circularity and waste
Resource use and circularity and waste
See IKEA Products and food section (page 51) for Inter IKEA 
Group’s targets on circular products. 
See Better Homes section (page 14) for our target on 
circular services and solutions.
Resource use, circularity and waste
Water
Biodiversity and forestry
Progress against targets FY23
[ ON TRACK ] In FY23, we recycled 75.9% of waste (FY22: 75.7%). Our total waste decreased by 7.3% in FY23 compared with FY22, and by 13.2% 
from FY16. Approximately 80% of the reduction in FY23 is due to the closure of our IKEA retail operations in Russia.
Reduce our operational waste and strive to recycle 
100% of waste generated in our operations by 2030. 
Targets under development.
Targets under development.
 
OUR TARGETS PROGRESS IN FY23 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
In FY23, zero emissions vehicles accounted for 39.2% of owned or leased vehicles used in our own operations (including 
passenger and goods vehicles). We have made progress compared to FY22, but availability of electric vehicles as well as 
charging infrastructure were barriers during FY23. 
Aim for all company-owned, leased and shared vehicles 
used in our operations to be zero emission by 2025.
[ NOT ON TRACK ]
Climate change  cont.

Page 47:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2347
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Climate change
MATERIAL TOPIC
 We are committed to taking action on climate 
change in line with the international Paris 
Agreement, and to play our part in limiting the 
global temperature rise to 1.5°C above pre-industrial 
levels. We believe that we can use our size and 
reach to help accelerate climate action by working 
together with our partners, governments, the 
private sector and our customers. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• Although we are making good progress 
against our greenhouse gas reduction 
targets, some targets are not on 
track including renewable heating 
and cooling and transport. We have 
developed action plans to close this 
gap and speed up progress.  
• Our greenhouse gas emissions across 
our value chain (scope 3) account for 
98.4% of our climate footprint. We 
need to work with others to reduce 
emissions in line with our targets and 
we are collaborating with partners 
across our value chain to achieve this. 
What we are proud of
• Our total climate footprint (scope 1, 2 
and 3 emissions) has decreased by 24.3% 
from FY16 and by 12.7% from FY22.*  
• Our climate footprint from our own 
operations (scope 1 and 2) has decreased 
by 53.2% from FY16 and 23.1% from 
FY22.* 
• Our investment arm Ingka Investments 
has continued to invest heavily in 
renewable energy to accelerate the 
transition to net-zero across our own 
business and beyond. 
*The reduction comes primarily from implementing 
carbon saving measures; however, changes in our business 
operations and sales have also contributed.

Page 48:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2348
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Climate footprint vs business 
growth**
We have reduced our total climate footprint (scope 
1, 2 and 3 emissions) by 24.3% from FY16 and by 
12.7% from FY22. The decrease in our climate 
footprint from FY16 to FY23 was achieved against 
a 30.9% increase in revenue. Our revenue in FY23 
continued to be impacted by high inflation and 
IKEA Retail supply chain disruption.
 
The reduction comes primarily from implementing 
carbon saving measures; however, changes in 
our business operations and sales have also 
contributed. For example, a reduction in the total 
volume of IKEA products produced (12% reduction 
from FY16 and 20% from FY22) led to a reduction 
in upstream emissions from materials used in IKEA 
products, which accounts for the largest share 
of our value chain carbon footprint. See page 49 
on scope 3 progress for details of carbon saving 
measures that have most significantly contributed 
to the decrease in our climate footprint.
* The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), which is a partnership between CDP , the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute and the World Wide Fund for Nature, defines and promotes best practice in science-based target setting; see here.
** Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality and methodology changes.
Strengthening our climate targets in FY24 and becoming climate positive
Ingka is committed to becoming climate positive by 2030 by taking 
action across the value chain and beyond. We are focusing on  
three areas:
1. Drastically reducing greenhouse gas emissions
In 2015 we committed to reduce emissions in line with science and 
the Paris Agreement’s 1.5°C pathway. We work towards net-zero 
by setting science-based targets that cover our scope 1, 2 and 3 
emissions. Our initial science-based targets were approved by 
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)* in 2018. We have now 
updated our climate targets in alignment with the SBTi’s Corporate 
Net Zero standard and submitted these for approval to SBTi in 
November 2023. 
The revised goals set out our commitment to reducing absolute 
greenhouse gas emissions from the value chain by at least 50% 
by 2030 (compared to our 2016 baseline) and to reach net-zero 
emissions by the latest 2050 by reducing our absolute emissions by 
at least 90% and without using carbon offsets. Our previous 50% 
reduction target included storing and removing carbon in the value 
chain; however, with the updated target we will achieve this only 
through emissions reduction. These updated targets were set in 
FY24 so we will report against them in next year’s report once they 
have been approved by the SBTi.
2. Removing and storing carbon through forestry, agriculture 
and products
In order to reach net-zero emissions by FY50 at the latest any 
remaining emissions will be neutralized by removing and storing 
carbon from the atmosphere through better forest and agricultural 
management practices within the IKEA value chain. We will ensure 
that carbon remains stored in our products for longer through our 
work on the circular economy.  
3. Going beyond the Ingka value chain
In addition, to become climate positive, we will contribute to 
additional reductions of greenhouse gas emissions in society, 
addressing a larger climate footprint than our own value chain.  
To do this we will collaborate with our customers, suppliers and 
partners to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, to remove and 
store carbon through forestry and agriculture outside of our own 
value chain and to contribute to additional reductions of greenhouse 
gases e.g. through our IKEA Energy Services and investments in  
solar and wind farms.
Reporting on climate risks and 
opportunities
We assess our climate-related risks and 
net-zero opportunities, in line with the 
methodology developed by the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD). 
We published a detailed TCFD disclosure in  
FY21 and will do a new assessment during FY24. 
Read more about climate risk and net-zero 
opportunities from the FY21 assessment here.
50% 
reduction in absolute greenhouse gas  
emissions from the value chain by 2030 
net-zero  
emissions by 2050 at the latest
New target
New target

Page 49:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2349
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Impact area FY23 greenhouse 
gas emissions
Key decarbonisation levers
IKEA products 
and food
78.4% of climate 78.4% of climate 
footprintfootprint
• Renewable energy in the supply 
chain
• Supplier net-zero targets
• Energy efficiency of energy-using 
products
• Use of renewable and recycled 
materials in products
• Plant-based food
Own operations 2.3% of climate 
footprint
• On-site and off-site renewable 
electricity
• Renewable heating and cooling
• Energy efficiency measures
Goods and 
services used in 
own operations 
and construction
7.1% of climate 
footprint
• Renewable energy in the supply 
chain
• Supplier net-zero targets
• Sourcing lower carbon materials
Customer and  
co-worker travel 
and home 
deliveries
12.1% of climate 
footprint
• Electric vehicles and zero 
emissions transport such as 
cargo bikes for home delivery
• Electric charging infrastructure
• Improved accessibility of sites 
(location and public transport 
links)
• Reducing journeys by driving 
down product returns (e.g. 
product availability and accuracy 
in stores)
• Route optimisation of home 
deliveries
Accelerating the 
transition to net-
zero
• IKEA Energy Services
• Investments in wind and solar 
farms
Our climate 
footprint* 
Our climate footprint across our value 
chain includes emissions from our 
own operations (scope 1 and 2) and 
emissions upstream and downstream 
associated with sourcing, manufacture, 
transportation and use of the products 
we sell (scope 3). 
The chart shows our climate footprint at each 
stage of our value chain. We have set ambitious 
targets to reduce emissions from our own 
operations and transport. Upstream, Inter IKEA 
Group has set targets to reduce the climate 
footprint of the IKEA product range and we 
contribute by promoting products for more 
sustainable living. We are working to extend 
our climate footprint data to include emissions 
from investments and aim to report this in future 
years. 
Going beyond our own scope 1, 2 and 3 footprint, 
we also provide IKEA Energy Services and invest 
in solar and wind farms that contribute to 
additional reductions of greenhouse gases in 
society. 
Going beyond our
own climate footprint
Our own climate footprint 
(scope 1, 2 and 3)
Key decarbonisation levers
261 
 2,000
 4,000
 6,000
 8,000
 10,000
 12,000
Materials
Food
ingredients
Production
Product
transport
Construction
Goods and
Services used
in own
operations
Own
operations
(Retail, Ingka
Centres and
Investments)**
Customer-
and co-worker
travel and 
home
deliveries
Product use 
at home
Product end
of life
FY16 baseline
FY23
10,910 
779 
3,187 
1,146 
1,195 
1,048 
3,274 
6,179 
1,615 
9,633 
702 
2,132 
897 
322 
1,276 
519 
2,717 
2,882 
1,311 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
11.7%
(vs FY16)
9.9%
(vs FY16)
33.1%
(vs FY16)
21.7%
(vs FY16)
23.5%
(vs FY16)
6.7%
(vs FY16)
50.4%
(vs FY16)
17.0%
(vs FY16)
53.4%
(vs FY16)
18.8%
(vs FY16)
Our emissions from IKEA products and food include upstream emissions from sourcing of raw materials, food ingredients, production and product 
transport and downstream emissions from product use at home and product end of life. 
Our climate footprint FY23 vs FY16 baseline 
(thousand tonnes CO₂e)
IKEA products & food
* Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality and methodology changes.
** Scope 1 and 2, and scope 3 category 3, 5, 8 and 13.

Page 50:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2350
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Progress by greenhouse gas scopes 
In FY23, 2.3% of our climate footprint 
was from our own operations (mostly 
scope 1 & 2) and 97.7% was from 
activities upstream and downstream 
(scope 3). 
Our climate footprint – by greenhouse gas scopes (thousand tonnes CO₂e)*
Our emissions are reported in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG) methodology which covers scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.
FY16
152
591
28,850
29,593
FY21
190
404
26,600
27,193
FY22
167
285
25,194
25,646
FY23
139**
209**
22,043***
22,391
Scope 1 - Greenhouse gas emissions directly from operations that are owned or controlled by us.
Our scope 1 emissions decreased by 8.7% from FY16 and 16.6% from FY22. The closure of our retail operations 
in Russia has had a significant impact on our scope 1 emissions since they contributed to a significant share of 
our non-renewable energy consumption (accounting for 81.8% of the decrease in our scope 1 emissions since 
FY16 and 34.8% of the decrease since FY22). Carbon saving measures that also contributed to the decrease 
include energy efficiency measures, installation of renewable heating and cooling and a warmer climate. 
Scope 2 - Indirect greenhouse emissions from the generation of purchased electricity, steam, heating, 
or cooling within our operational control.
Our scope 2 emissions decreased by 64.7% from FY16 and 26.8% from FY22. This has been driven by an 
increase in renewable electricity consumption and was also impacted by closure of our retail operations in 
Russia (which accounted for 22.4% of the decrease from FY16 and 9.3% of the decrease from FY22).
Scope 3 - All indirect emissions (not included in scope 2) that occur in our value chain, including both 
upstream and downstream emissions.
Our scope 3 emissions decreased by 23.6% from FY16 and 12.5% from FY22, partly driven by a reduction in the 
total volume of IKEA products produced. Carbon saving measures that have contributed most significantly 
to the decrease include improvements in the energy efficiency of energy-using products and an increase in 
renewable energy across the value chain. 
We recognise that more significant reductions are needed in the coming years to reach our climate targets.
* Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality and methodology changes. 
** Data included in the external assurance scope. 
*** The scope of our external assurance for scope 3 data covers the greenhouse gas emissions within Ingka Group’s operational control, including all data reported under the scope 3 categories 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 13 and part of the data reported under categories 1 and 9. 
For category 1, the assurance covers the emissions arising from products and services purchased by Ingka Group Procurement for our operations. For category 9, the assurance covers customer travel to our Ingka Centres meeting places (not IKEA stores, shops and 
plan and order points) and home delivery of our products. The data in scope of our assurance accounts for 11.8% of our total scope 3 emissions.
Thousand tonnes CO₂e
TOTAL scope 1, 2 & 3 (thousand tonnes CO₂e)

Page 51:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2351
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
IKEA products 
and food
The majority of our climate footprint 
is associated with the products 
we sell, the IKEA range. In FY23, 
greenhouse emissions upstream and 
downstream associated with IKEA 
products and food accounted for 
78.4% of our climate footprint.
Our climate footprint from IKEA products and 
food includes emissions upstream in our supply 
chain from the sourcing of raw materials, food 
ingredients, production and product transport 
and emissions downstream associated with 
customer use of products and product end of life. 
Inter IKEA Group is responsible for reducing 
the climate footprint of the IKEA product range, 
including emissions associated with materials 
used in products, supplier manufacturing and 
customer use of products. It aims to reduce 
absolute emissions from home furnishing 
products and food by at least 15% by 2030 (from 
FY16). See IKEA Climate Report FY23 for details.
At Ingka Group, as the largest franchise retailer 
of IKEA products (accounting for 88.0% of IKEA 
sales in FY23), we contribute to this target by 
promoting products that enable customers to 
reduce their climate impact (such as energy- 
saving products) and by extending our plant-
based food options. We also offer renewable 
energy and recycled materials to some IKEA 
suppliers to enable them to reduce the  
climate footprint of products and services  
they supply (through investments made by  
Ingka Investments).
Our scope 3 emissions arising from sales of IKEA 
home furnishing products and food decreased 
by 26.3% from FY16 and 15.3% from FY22 (see 
page 49 on scope 3 progress for details of 
carbon saving measures that have contributed 
most significantly to the decrease in our climate 
footprint). 
A key challenge is to reduce the climate footprint 
of materials used e.g. by increasing recycled 
content or using new innovative materials or 
technologies, while balancing affordability and 
accessibility. Inter IKEA is integrating climate 
roadmaps into long-term plans for individual 
materials. For example, work has started to 
reduce the climate impact of glues used in 
products, which account for 5% of the IKEA value 
chain emissions, by switching from fossil-based 
glues to bio-based glues. In March 2023, an 
Inter IKEA Group factory in Lithuania became 
the first to use a corn-based glue in large-scale 
production. By switching to bio-based glues, 
Inter IKEA Group aims to reduce emissions from 
glue by 30% by FY30. The use of bio-based glue 
also aligns with the Inter IKEA Group ambition  
to only use renewable and recyclable materials 
by FY30. 
* The data covers scope 3 emissions arising from Ingka Group sales (88.0% of total IKEA sales), including emissions upstream in our 
supply chain from the sourcing of raw materials, food ingredients, production and product transport and emissions downstream 
associated with customer use of products and product end of life. This accounts for 79.6% of our total scope 3 emissions and 78.4% 
of our total climate footprint.
Plant based hot dog
€0.79
of our total climate footprint.
 
Greenhouse gas emissions from products and food – Scope 3* 
(percentage of FY16 baseline emissions)

Page 52:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2352
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Own operations
In FY23, greenhouse gas emissions 
from our own operations (mainly 
scope 1 and 2) accounted for 2.3% of 
our climate footprint.  
 The climate footprint from our own operations 
includes greenhouse gas emissions from 
energy use (1.4% of our total climate footprint), 
refrigerants and company-owned vehicles. 
We aim to reduce our absolute scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 80% by FY30, from our baseline 
of FY16. In FY23, we achieved a 53.2% reduction 
from our baseline of FY16 and a 23.1% absolute 
reduction from FY22.  
We are working to reduce our scope 1 and 2 
climate footprint by phasing out use of fossil 
fuels, transitioning towards 100% renewable 
electricity (see page 53), improving energy 
efficiency (see page 54) and reducing emissions 
of refrigerant gases (‘fugitive emissions’) from 
food equipment and cooling systems (see page 
54). It should be noted that the closure of our 
Russia retail operations (17 stores in total) in 
mid 2022 contributed to an 11.7% reduction in 
our greenhouse gas emissions from our own 
operations (scope 1 and 2) from FY16 and a 25.7% 
reduction from FY22.* 
The Better planet data section (page 100) 
includes further details of performance by 
business unit and country.
• Progress by business unit (scope 1 and 
2): Since FY16, we have reduced emissions 
across all our business units, with the most 
significant progress across our IKEA stores 
which reduced emissions by 60.4%. We also 
reduced emissions by 49.8% in our Ingka 
Centres meeting places (which includes 
energy used in common areas and energy 
used by tenants where we are responsible 
for the energy contract) and by 27.8% in our 
distribution centres.  
• Progress by country: We reached 100% 
renewable electricity across our retail sites 
and meeting places in 28 countries in FY23 
(26 countries in FY22). We achieved our 
biggest emissions reduction in China which 
increased the share of renewable electricity 
from 89% in FY22 to 100% in FY23. With 
the global increase in energy costs, it has 
been challenging to switch to renewable 
electricity in a number of countries, 
including India and South Korea, where 
there is limited availability of renewables 
and a significant additional cost. However, 
we remain committed to using 100% 
renewable electricity in our operations  
by 2025. 
* Our IKEA Retail operations in Russia were paused in March 2022 and closed in mid 2022. These were located within the Ingka Centres MEGA shopping centres which we continued to operate in FY23. In September 2023 we announced an agreement to sell all our shopping 
centres in Russia. We will adjust our baseline data for the closure of the operations in Russia in our FY24 report. 
** Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality and methodology changes.
20.5%
31.9%
36.9%
40.0%
 
79.5%
68.1%
63.1%
60.0%
743 
593 
452 
348 
149 
FY16
FY21
FY22
FY23
2030 goal
(-80%)
Scope 1 (thousand tonnes CO2e)
Scope 2 (thousand tonnes CO2e)
Climate footprint – our operations (scope 1 and 2)**
(thousand tonnes CO₂e)


Page 53:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2353
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Powered by renewable electricity
We’re aiming to consume 100% renewable 
electricity across our operations by 2025. In 
FY23, 79.2% of the electricity we used was from 
renewable sources (74.6% in FY22).* 
Our use of renewable electricity has contributed 
to a 75.8% reduction in our climate footprint 
from purchased electricity since FY16. We 
reached 100% renewable electricity consumption 
across our IKEA stores and Ingka Centres 
meeting places in 28 countries in FY23 (26 
countries in FY22).
In FY23, 6.5% of Ingka Group’s electricity 
consumption was generated on-site, through 
renewable energy technologies including solar 
panels and geothermal heating and cooling 
(6.1% in FY22). We have solar panels on around 
270 sites which produced 193 GWh of electricity 
in FY23.
We also secure renewable electricity from off-site 
generation. In FY23, 42.4% of the electricity used 
in our operations was purchased from solar and 
wind farms owned by Ingka Investments (35.6% 
in FY22). We aim to expand our renewable 
energy portfolio into more countries, including 
markets where renewable energy is less 
accessible. This will help us increase our use 
of renewable energy and support a broader 
transition to renewable energy in society.  
See page 57 on accelerating the transition to  
net-zero for more details.
If on-site and off-site approaches aren’t possible, 
we purchase renewable electricity from a 
supplier that can guarantee the renewable 
source with renewable attribute certificates. This 
can help increase market demand for renewable 
electricity.
Energy use by source
(percentage of total energy use GWh)
54.7%
34.9%
4.9%
2.8%
2.6%
  Non-renewable electricity, district
heating & cooling and fuels 
  Renewable electricity purchased
  Renewable electricity generated on-
site  
  Renewable fuels (on-site) 
  Renewable district heating and
cooling 
Renewable electricity in our operations**
(percentage of total energy use)
FY16 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23
Renewable electricity in 
our operations
53.9% 58.8% 69.2% 74.6% 79.2%
* We have been unable to procure renewable electricity in Russia due to the geopolitical situation. All retail stores in Russia (17 stores in total) were paused in March 2022 and closed in mid 2022. These were located in the Ingka Centres MEGA shopping centres which continued to 
operate in FY23 and accounted for 18% of our total electricity consumption in FY23. In September 2023 we announced an agreement to sell all our centres in Russia. We will remove all emissions from our operations in Russia from our baseline data next year.
** Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality and methodology changes.

Page 54:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2354
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Renewable heating and cooling
 We have started to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions from heating and cooling through 
use of renewable heating and cooling (mainly 
heat pumps powered by renewable electricity). 
During FY23, we retrofitted six existing sites 
with renewable heating and cooling. Out of the 
seven owned sites we opened during the year 
(new stores, Ingka Centres meeting places and 
fulfilment units), five of them are equipped with 
heat pumps.  
Our greenhouse gas emissions related to heating 
and cooling* decreased by 18.1% in FY23 (from 
FY22) and by 14.3% from FY16. In the coming 
years, we aim to improve our performance 
by implementing further energy efficiency 
measures and converting more of our buildings 
to renewable heating and cooling. 
Improving energy efficiency
Our energy efficiency (kWh/m2 floor space) 
has improved by 26.6% from FY16 and by 8.9% 
from FY22 through our persistent work on 
energy efficiency and implementing heat pump 
solutions in our units. 
We have annual energy action plans for every 
building and have switched to LED lighting in 
many of our units. Other examples of actions 
we are taking to improve energy efficiency 
include upgrading and optimising building 
management systems, improving insulation and 
using energy recovery from heating and cooling. 
We are working to expand our smart metering 
programme which gives store managers access 
to next generation analytics and insights about 
energy use and potential savings in near real 
time. 
We have set up a global energy monitoring 
platform to enable us to identify potential 
savings and share learnings across countries. By 
the end of FY23, we had connected one or more 
smart meters at 133 units across six countries 
to the energy monitoring platform. We are 
updating our targets as part of our science-based 
climate targets and will report on this next year.
Reducing emissions from refrigerant 
gases 
We use refrigerant gases in our kitchen fridges/
freezers, cooling and heating systems (including 
heat pumps). For our kitchen fridges/freezers, 
we aim to use refrigerants with a lower global 
warming potential (GWP). In the EU, we are 
replacing the refrigerants used in kitchen fridges/
freezers in line with the EU F-gas regulation to 
minimise the greenhouse gas impact. 
We are working to improve maintenance and life 
cycle management of cooling systems across our 
business to reduce leakages of refrigerants into 
the atmosphere.
Challenges in transitioning to renewable heating and cooling
We are starting to make progress on switching to renewable heating and cooling. 
However this is a complex, costly and lengthy process and we want to make sure we take 
a holistic and cost-effective approach across our markets. Some of the key challenges 
include:
• Limited availability of heat pumps and other equipment in some markets is delaying 
progress.  
• Switching to heat pumps requires significant financial investment and we want to 
ensure best value – both in terms of greenhouse gas reductions and marginal costs.  
• Additional building work might be required to ensure the successful operation 
of the heat pumps e.g. upgrades to insulation and installation of smart building 
management systems. We may also install on-site energy production (mainly solar 
panels) at the same time and the process may take up to three years for an existing 
IKEA store. 
In addition, we need to replace existing equipment at the right point in the life cycle to 
reduce emissions from end-of-life impacts. 
We are investing to overcome these challenges and have developed a roadmap for 
installing heat pumps at a further 150 units by 2030 (IKEA stores, Ingka Centres meeting 
places, distribution centres and offices).
* This covers scope 1 fuels for heating and scope 2 district heating and district cooling. 

Page 55:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2355
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Goods and services 
used in own 
operations and 
construction
In FY23, greenhouse gas emissions 
from goods and services used in our 
own operations and for construction 
accounted for 7.1% of our climate 
footprint.
  
We purchase a wide range of goods and services 
across our operations such as construction 
materials, logistics services, computer hardware, 
data centres and marketing products. Emissions 
from purchased goods and services used in our 
own operations increased by 6.7% from our FY16 
baseline and by 2.8% compared to previous year. 
Emissions from construction have increased 
by 23.5% from our FY16 baseline and by 11.1% 
compared to previous year. We have started to 
develop decarbonisation roadmaps to reduce 
these emissions, contributing to our science-
based climate goals.
We recognise that we need to work in close 
collaboration with our suppliers. We plan to drive 
greenhouse gas reductions across our supply 
chain by requiring suppliers to set their own 
science-based net-zero targets and have these 
validated by the Science Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi). We will report progress next year. 
We have started to focus on ways we can reduce 
the greenhouse gas emissions of specific goods 
and services that have a high climate footprint. 
For example, we have agreed with H2 Green Steel 
to purchase steel with a lower climate footprint 
for 50% of the warehouse racking we use globally. 
For example, we have agreed with H2 Green Steel 
to purchase steel with a lower climate footprint 
for 50% of the warehouse racking we use globally. 
This will be manufactured at a facility powered by 
hydrogen produced using fossil-fuel free energy. 
Work is in progress to improve the accuracy of our 
scope 3 data on purchased goods and services by 
moving from spend-based calculations to activity-
based calculations. This is a challenging process 
and we look to improve this year by year. 
 
Customer and 
co-worker travel 
and home deliveries
In FY23, greenhouse gas emissions 
from customer and co-worker travel 
and home deliveries accounted for 
12.1% of our climate footprint. 
Our target is to reduce relative greenhouse gas 
emissions from customer and co-worker travel 
and home deliveries by 50% per person by 2030 
(from FY16). We are updating our targets on 
transport as part of our science-based climate 
targets and will report on this next year.
Travel to our stores: This accounts for 87.3% 
ofour transport emissions (82.0% from customer 
travel and 5.3% from co-worker commuting). Our 
expansion in city centres has reduced the average 
journey time to our stores which has contributed 
to a decrease in relative* and absolute emissions 
from our FY16 baseline (4.6% reduction in relative 
emissions and 19.8% reduction in absolute 
emissions from our FY16 baseline). In the past 
year, although absolute emissions have decreased 
by 0.5%, relative emissions have increased by 
1.9% from FY22. This spike in relative emissions in 
the past year is mainly due to higher congestion 
in global cities which has led to an increase in 
driving time per trip, as well an increase in the 
proportion of journeys made in private cars in 
some countries.** These contribute to higher 
emissions per trip.
Home deliveries: Our greenhouse gas emissions 
from home deliveries (which account for 11.5% of 
our emissions from transport) have increased by 
41.3% from our FY16 baseline due to the increase 
in customer demand for home delivery as more 
customers use online shopping. However, we are 
working to drive down emissions through use  
of zero emission vehicles (see next page). 
Business travel: Greenhouse gas emissions 
from business travel (by road, rail and air) have 
decreased by 67.3% from FY16. However, there 
has been a significant increase of 68.2% from 
FY22, partly due to increased travel after the 
lifting of COVID travel restrictions, and partly due 
to an update in the Emission Factors used in our 
calculations. We encourage co-workers to meet 
online and reduce business travel. In two markets 
we are piloting an “Air to Rail programme” to 
transition from air to rail travel for trips where 
the train travel time is 3.5 hours or less. In 
some countries, we have initiatives to reduce 
greenhouse emissions associated with co-worker 
commuting, including car-pooling, shared electric 
bikes and subsidised public transport tickets. 
* We measure emissions per trip rather than per person.  
** Our internal data (based on a global survey across Ingka markets) suggests an increase in average travel time for our customers. This increase in journey times is also in correlation TomTom’s research on urban journey times and congestion. 
*** The emissions are calculated relative to the number of trips taken. Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality and methodology changes.
Relative greenhouse gas emissions from home deliveries, customer travel 
and co-worker travel*** (percentage of FY16 baseline emissions)
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
120%
100.0%
FY16 baseline
97.9%
FY21
95.5%
FY22
97.3%
FY23
50.0%
2030 goal
(-50%)

Page 56:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2356
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Zero emission vehicles 
We aim for all home deliveries to be made by 
zero emission vehicles by 2025. By the end 
of FY23, we had doubled the number of zero 
emission vehicles operating home deliveries 
for Ingka compared to the previous year. These 
performed 24.6% of our retail home deliveries at 
the end of FY23 (compared to 12.3% at the end 
of FY22).* The increase in use of zero emission 
vehicles has helped to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions from home delivery by 6.5% from 
FY22. Our data excludes small parcel deliveries 
which account for a significant share of our 
home deliveries. We are working to increase 
use of zero emission solutions for small parcel 
deliveries (including electric vehicles, bikes and 
cargo bikes) and plan to extend the scope of our 
data to cover this. 
We aim for all company-owned, leased and 
shared vehicles used in our operations to be zero 
emission by 2025. This includes company cars, 
pool cars (for business travel) and forklift trucks/
shunting trucks. In FY23, zero emissions vehicles 
accounted for 39.2% of owned or leased vehicles 
used in our own operations (including passenger 
and goods vehicles). We have made progress 
compared to FY22, but availability of electric 
vehicles as well as charging infrastructure were 
barriers during FY23. We require all new vehicles 
to be zero emission or electric wherever feasible 
and have started to use fleet management 
services to track the transition towards zero 
emissions vehicles.
We provide access to electric vehicle (EV) 
charging points at all our customer meeting 
points worldwide (where parking is provided). 
In FY23, we had 4,547 EV charging points, an 
increase from 3,091 in FY22.** We also aim to 
increase the use of renewable electricity for 
charging whilst adding more EV chargers.
* Data calculated in the last month of the financial year (August). 
** This includes charging points we own and those operated by third parties. 
Challenges on the road to zero 
emission home deliveries 
We have increased the share of zero emission 
deliveries in recent years and aim to achieve our 
goal for all home deliveries to be made with zero 
emission vehicles by 2025. However, we are facing 
some challenges, including: 
• The limited range of freight electric vehicles 
(EVs) on a single charge.  
• Lack of suitable vehicles for some of our IKEA 
products and locations. 
• Smaller capacity of some EV trucks which can 
reduce the number of deliveries made on one 
trip.  
• Lack of public charging infrastructure and 
grid capacity. 
• Lack of uniform regulation on freight EVs.
Each market has its own challenges but we have 
a dedicated project implementation manager 
working on zero emission home delivery in each 
country, supported by a Group team. 
We are working to more rapidly roll out zero 
emission vehicles through additional investments 
in vehicles and charging infrastructure, piloting 
new innovations and collaborating with other 
industry players. For example, in FY23 we continued 
to partner with truck manufacturers to test new EVs 
and now use over 30 different models globally. To 
overcome lack of charging infrastructure, we invest 
in our own charging infrastructure and also work 
with different partners. 

Page 57:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2357
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
 Accelerating 
the transition
to net-zero
To accelerate the transition to a 
net-zero society in our own value 
chain and beyond, our investment 
arm Ingka Investments is investing 
heavily in renewable energy. 
Using renewable energy across our operations 
and value chain is a significant part of delivering 
on our science-based targets and commitment to 
the Paris Agreement. 
Since 2009, Ingka Investments has invested 
or committed to invest close to EUR 3.8 billion 
in wind and solar farms and wider renewable 
investments, including EUR 0.7 billion in FY23.*  
In addition to the commitment to invest  
EUR 6.5 billion in renewable technologies by 
2030, Ingka Investments announced in FY24 
that it will invest an additional EUR 1 billion in 
transitional technologies such as energy storage 
and hydrogen. This takes its total commitment to 
investments in renewable and transitional assets 
to EUR 7.5 billion by 2030. See press release. 
By the end of FY23, Ingka Investments owned, 
or had committed to own, 48 wind farms (with 
593 wind turbines) in 16 countries and 26 
solar parks in 8 countries. These facilities will 
generate renewable energy power equivalent 
to the annual consumption of over 1.25 million 
European households. These include 3 wind 
farms, 14 solar parks and 1 battery storage 
project which are planned/under construction. 
See press releases for details of new investments 
during FY23 in Australia (near Geelong and New 
South Wales), Finland, Italy, Norway and Sweden.
Our off-site investments in wind and solar farms 
help us to reduce our own climate footprint 
(providing 42.4% of the electricity used in our 
operations in FY23) and also contribute to wider 
greenhouse gas reductions in society. 
 
We are working to extend our climate footprint 
data to include emissions from investments and 
aim to report this in future years. The majority 
of our investments footprint comes from our 
Financial  Markets portfolio including the 
Sovereign Bonds that we hold to ensure Ingka 
Group’s long-term financial strength. Today 
there is no generally accepted methodology for 
valudating the emissions from Sovereign Bonds 
which makes it difficult to set science-based 
targets for this investment class. We are  
looking to partner with other stakeholders  
to address this. 
 
We have participated in the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol pilot project on how to account for 
greenhouse gas emissions in the Forest, Land 
and Agriculture (FLAG) sector. We have focused 
on how to measure emissions across our Ingka 
Investments forest portfolio.
Advocacy 
and partnerships
Ingka Group hosted the Action 
Speaks Summit in collaboration with 
Project Drawdown and TIME CO2 at 
the New York Climate Week held in 
September 2023, using hope and 
optimism to inspire more impactful 
climate action. 
We welcomed leaders across business and civil 
society to explore a positive vision for the future 
and an exhibition of actions that will have a 
significant impact on reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions. See our website for further details.
Engaging our business customers  
on climate action 
According to the OECD, up to 70% of industrial 
pollution in Europe is produced by SMEs – small 
and medium sized enterprises – and SMEs 
represent the vast majority of businesses 
worldwide. We’ve joined forces with the We 
Mean Business Coalition, to encourage our small 
business customers to become signatories to 
the SME Climate Hub, and access free tools, 
knowledge and solutions to lower their carbon 
footprint. We’ve used the IKEA Business Network, 
our loyalty programme for business customers, 
to reach out to small and micro businesses 
starting with those in Australia, Ireland, Spain 
and the UK. See more on our climate change 
advocacy. 
* This includes both investments made, and the amount 
committed to projects by the end of FY23.
“Reflecting on FY23, I am so proud of our 
co-workers, who, together with our partners 
have achieved good progress on many of our 
sustainability ambitions, including reducing 
our emissions and helping more refugees 
to find work. Yet with so many complex 
challenges facing the world - from climate to 
rising inequality – we know there is still much 
more we must do. 
Looking ahead, we have revised our climate 
targets in line with the latest science and are 
prioritising actions to meet them. To do this 
and reach our other goals, we need to radically 
collaborate across industries and communities; 
creating a more sustainable society that leaves 
no-one behind. Often the greatest barrier 
to action is the sense that it’s impossible or 
that others will fix it. But we have chosen 
to lead with agency and optimism, taking 
responsibility and playing our part in creating 
a better future for all.” 
Karen Pflug
Chief Sustainability Officer

Page 58:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2358
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Resource use, circularity  
and waste
MATERIAL TOPIC
 We aim to minimise resource use and waste in line 
with circular economy principles – where resources 
are continually reused, regenerated and recycled in 
a sustainable way.
Challenges we are addressing 
• We need to accelerate our circular 
transformation, including scaling up 
circular services, solutions and products 
with Inter IKEA and other partners, 
integrating circular principles into our 
business operations and business models, 
and accelerating the shift to a circular 
economy beyond our own business. 
• We are reusing more materials instead 
of recycling them. This has reduced our 
total amount of waste but made it more 
challenging to increase our recycling rate. 
In some countries we also cannot capture 
data on recycling which is handled by the 
local municipality. We are looking at how 
to improve our data and into end-to-end 
solutions to increase our recycling rate. 
• We don’t yet have all the data we need 
to measure total amounts of materials 
used across our value chain and we are 
working to improve measurements and 
data accuracy.
What we are proud of
• In the Netherlands, we have run a recycling 
trial with Inter IKEA Group to recycle one 
of the core components of mattresses into 
resources for new products.
• The World Resources Institute (WRI) 
recognised Ingka for being the first 
private sector organisation to halve  
pre-consumer food waste in line with  
the Sustainable Development Goal 
(SDG) on food waste, for our work  
across our IKEA stores.

Page 59:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2359
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
IKEA products
Inter IKEA Group is committed 
to using renewable or recycled 
materials and designing products 
so they can ultimately be reused, 
refurbished, remanufactured, 
and eventually – after all other 
possibilities have been explored  
– recycled. 
Wood is the material most widely used in the 
IKEA range. Inter IKEA Group aims for at least 
a third of all wood in products to be from 
recycled sources by 2030. In FY23, 17% of wood in 
products was from recycled sources (FY22 15%).  
Inter IKEA Group is also working to increase use 
of other recycled materials. For example, the 
amount of recycled aluminium used in products 
has increased from 57% in FY22 to 77% in FY23.  
We also recognise that the quality and durability 
of products is critical to ensure their longevity. 
We are developing services and solutions (see 
page 19) that enable customers to prolong the 
life of products. We are also working with Inter 
IKEA Group to explore how we can use end of life 
products as a resource for producing new IKEA 
products (see box). 
Services 
and solutions
We are testing, adopting and 
working to scale up solutions to 
help to prolong the life of our 
products, to keep resources in use 
for longer and to help people give 
products they no longer need a 
second life. 
See Better homes (page 19) for details of our 
services and solutions for circular living. 
Creating a circular loop for IKEA mattresses 
We have invested in a recycling company, RetourMatras, which recycles mattresses into 
materials for new mattresses.
 
Ingka Investments has invested in RetourMatras since 2019. The company has the capacity to 
recycle around two million mattresses per year. In FY23 RetourMatras opened its first industrial-
scale facility that converts the polyurethane (PU) foam from recycled mattresses into repolyol, 
a key ingredient for the new foam that goes into mattresses. The facility has the capacity to 
transform 200,000 mattresses into repolyol. In FY23, we ran a trial with Inter IKEA Group to close 
the loop by producing new IKEA sofas and mattresses from repolyol supplied by RetourMatras. 
There are challenges in replicating this success and extending mattress recycling across other 
countries. For example, old mattresses can only be recycled if they are kept dry and clean to 
preserve the integrity of the materials (e.g. not left on the street for collection) and therefore 
this relies on good recycling infrastructure. We are advocating for policy change and exploring 
opportunities to partner with others to address these challenges in more of our markets. 
We also need regulation that makes it more economical to recycle rather than incinerate 
mattresses and we have called for harmonisation and simplification of European waste rules. 
We have also contributed to a report into changes needed in the insurance market to support 
growth of recycling companies and circular business models (see press release). 

Page 60:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2360
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Goods and services 
used in our own 
operations
 We buy goods and services from 
thousands of suppliers for use 
in our operations, including for 
construction, delivery and IT. Our 
target is for all our non-home 
furnishing materials (i.e. all materials 
we buy excluding IKEA products) 
to be recyclable and made from 
recycled material or renewable 
sources by 2030. 
We have policies in place that state all wood, 
cardboard and paper purchased for use by 
our customers (including the buying guide 
and e-commerce packaging) must come from 
either 100% recycled or Forest Stewardship 
Council® (FSC®) certified sources. We believe 
FSC® is currently the most credible global forest 
management certification available. We are 
working to integrate sustainable wood and paper 
requirements into the forest materials section 
of our IWAY supplier code of conduct (to be 
completed in FY24).
In FY23, we carried out a high-level review of key 
materials used in our own operations to identify 
risks and opportunities (for example, identifying 
materials with high carbon intensity) and help 
plan for how we can work towards our target on 
non-home furnishing materials. The next step 
will be to develop policies that will define how we 
will implement our target for different materials 
and to develop measurement capabilities to track 
progress. This will require close collaboration 
with our suppliers. 
We are exploring how we can integrate circular 
principles into procurement. For example, in 
Europe, we have started to review ways to create 
a circular resource flow for cardboard, which 
uses our cardboard waste as a raw material for 
our e-commerce packaging and plan to launch 
pilot projects in six European countries in FY24 
(Czech Republic, France, Denmark, Germany, 
Norway and Sweden). In the US, we have 
reduced the volume of cardboard packaging 
used for e-commerce by switching from standard 
cardboard boxes to packaging tailored to each 
individual product. This has reduced both 
packaging and transport costs by 51.4% from 
FY22 since more parcels can now be delivered 
per vehicle.
We have started work to improve our data 
collection systems on goods and services used in 
our own operations (see page 55). 


Page 61:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2361
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Food waste
We served over 630 million 
customers in FY23 through our IKEA 
food offer and we’ve made reduction 
of food waste a priority. In June 
2023, the World Resources Institute 
(WRI) recognised Ingka for being 
the first private sector organisation 
to halve pre-consumer food 
waste in line with the Sustainable 
Development Goal (SDG) 12.3, for 
our work across our IKEA stores. 
Having achieved our 50% food waste reduction 
target last year, across our IKEA stores (from our 
FY17 baseline), we continue to maintain this goal. 
Since FY17, we have cut production food waste 
(grams per cover) at our IKEA stores by 55.6%, 
saving around 29.9 million portions of food and 
preventing around 51,440 tonnes of CO2e. Over 
the past year, production food waste increased 
by 2.6% from FY22. We are working to drive 
down production food waste through use of an 
innovative “waste watcher tool” (Winnow). This is 
a high-tech scale that uses artificial intelligence 
(AI) to identify sources of waste and enable us to 
optimise systems. The tool was developed with 
input from co-workers in our IKEA UK kitchens. 
We had installed the tool in 400 stores by the 
end of FY23, up from 392 stores in FY22. Ingka 
Investments holds a minority investment in 
the company that developed the tool (Winnow 
Solutions). 
We have made the most progress in countries 
which have good infrastructure for recycling 
food waste (through composting or biogas 
production) and a supportive regulatory 
environment. In other countries, such as 
Italy, Spain and US we are exploring potential 
alternatives that could include on-site 
composting.
We are working with Too Good To Go to avoid 
surplus food from IKEA food outlets going to 
waste. Customers can use the Too Good To Go 
app to buy a ‘Surprise Bag’ of surplus food at a 
discounted price. We work with Too Good To Go 
across 11 countries (Austria, Belgium, Denmark, 
France, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, 
Sweden, Switzerland and the UK). In FY23, our 
partnership with Too Good To Go helped to 
prevent more than 135,000 ‘Surprise Bags’ of 
food from being wasted, a 10.1% increase from 
FY22. The partnership also benefits communities 
by providing more affordable food.
Construction 
waste
Across our construction projects,  
we aim to minimise waste and 
increase recycling. We also aim to 
use more recycled and low carbon 
materials in construction projects. 
We have been working to improve our data 
collection systems on construction waste. 
We started to report data in FY21 on our 
construction waste arising from new builds, 
rebuilds and major renovation projects. We 
also report emissions from construction waste 
within our scope 3 climate data (category 
5). The total amount of construction waste 
generated depends on the scale and type of the 
construction work carried out during the year. 
Our construction waste was significantly lower 
in FY23 because we had fewer building projects 
than in the previous year that required handling 
of large amounts of soil.  
We have started to benchmark progress across 
markets and engage construction teams on ways 
they can improve performance. We have also 
started a project to calculate embodied carbon 
in construction materials and have started to 
explore opportunities for switching to lower 
carbon footprint materials including green steel 
(see page 55).
Advocacy 
and partnerships
Through our circular investment 
RetourMatras, we called for 
harmonisation and simplification 
of European waste rules as well as 
increasing capacity and investments 
in the European recycling industry at 
the Globe EU panel in the European 
Parliament on ‘Recycling in a zero-
waste circular economy’. 


Page 62:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2362
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Operational waste
We aim to reduce our operational 
waste and strive for 100% recycling 
of waste generated in our operations 
by 2030. We have a Zero Waste 
Working Group to help us improve 
performance on waste and drive 
circular resource flows. This brings 
together co-workers from our IKEA 
Retail and Ingka Centres operations, 
and our sustainability, facility 
management and procurement 
functions. Monthly progress is 
tracked for each market. We also 
calculate the greenhouse gas 
emissions associated with our waste 
for our climate footprint. 
Our total waste has decreased by 7.3% since FY22 
and by 13.2% since our baseline year in FY16. 
Approximately 80% of the reduction in FY23 is 
due to the pausing of our IKEA retail operations 
in Russia (17 stores in total) in March 2022 and 
closure in mid 2022 (see page 52).
It has been challenging to increase our recycling 
rate, which has remained at around 76% for the 
past three years. To address this, we have been 
working to review ways to increase our recycling 
rates, particularly in countries where there is a 
lack of recycling infrastructure.
As shown in the chart (right), our recycling rates 
vary significantly across our different business 
units, with recycling rates highest across our 
distribution centres (85.4%) and IKEA shops, 
stores and plan and order points (78.6%). The 
recycling rate at our Ingka Centres meeting 
places (which account for 11.5% of total waste) is 
relatively low (48.5% in FY23) and we have started 
to develop and implement training for our 
tenants which has helped to drive up recycling 
rates across our Ingka Centres meeting places by 
three percentage points. Across Ingka Group, we 
are committed to developing our plans to both 
reduce waste and increase our recycling rates in 
line with our 2030 target. 
* Data for offices was collected for the first time in FY21.
76.8%
75.6%
76.7%
77.5%
77.4%
8.8%
12.3%
13.0%
11.2%
11.1%
14.4%
12.1%
10.4%
11.3%
11.5%
0.02%
0.01%
0.03%
568,432 
557,711 
587,936 
532,315 
493,455 
FY16
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
Offices*
Ingka Centres
Distribution centres
IKEA stores, shops and plan and order points
78.6%
85.4%
48.5%
66.8%
75.9%
15.0%
10.7%
24.8%
32.5%
15.7%
6.4%
3.9%
26.7%
0.7%
8.4%
381,759 
54,806 
56,723 
166 
493,455 
IKEA stores, 
shops and 
plan and 
order points
Distribution
Centres
Ingka Centres
Offices
TOTAL
Waste landfilled or incinerated
without recovery
Waste incinerated with energy
recovery
Waste recycled
78.6%
85.4%
48.5%
66.8%
75.9%
15.0%
10.7%
24.8%
32.5%
15.7%
6.4%
3.9%
26.7%
0.7%
8.4%
381,759 
54,806 
56,723 
166 
493,455 
IKEA stores, 
shops and 
plan and 
order points
Distribution
Centres
Ingka Centres
Offices
TOTAL
Waste landfilled or incinerated
without recovery
Waste incinerated with energy
recovery
Waste recycled
Total waste produced by business unit*
(tonnes)
Waste FY23 – by business unit and disposal route
(tonnes)
* Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality and methodology changes.


Page 63:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2363
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Water
MATERIAL TOPIC
 Water stress impacts many of the regions we 
operate in around the world, with approximately 
30% of our sites operating in high/extremely 
high areas of water stress. We seek to use water 
efficiently across our operations, particularly in 
areas of water stress, and to promote water-saving 
products to customers.
ÅBÄCKEN
Mist nozzle for mixer tap
€6
Challenges we are addressing 
• Our water use has increased by 3.2% 
compared to our FY16 baseline, and  
we have set up an internal working 
group to help us drive progress on 
water reduction 
• We are working to develop metrics, 
targets and action plans on water to 
help us reduce our impact, particularly 
in areas of water stress.
What we are proud of
• Around 15% of our sites have rainwater 
harvesting to reduce demand on local 
water supplies. 

Page 64:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2364
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Water use
We use water at our sites including 
for preparing food in our kitchens, 
for cleaning, flushing toilets and 
watering plants. We incorporate 
water-saving measures, such as  
use of water-efficient appliances 
and fixtures. 
Water use in our operations increased by 
2.0% in FY23 compared to FY22 mainly due to 
our business growth in India and China. We 
recognise that we need to step up our efforts 
in this area since our water use has increased 
by 3.2% compared to our FY16 baseline. In 
FY23, we set up an internal working group to 
drive progress on water reduction. We have 
also started to roll out real time monitoring of 
water consumption to enable us to compare 
performance across sites and identify areas for 
improvement. We had installed automated water 
meters across 48 IKEA stores by the end of FY23 
and we plan to install them across all other IKEA 
stores during FY24. We have also mapped where 
we operate in water stressed areas (including 
those currently impacted by water stress  
and those likely to be impacted in the future)  
to help us prioritise our activities in areas  
where water use is a significant Issue.
To help reduce demand on the local water 
supply, we are installing rainwater harvesting 
systems at some sites. In total around 15% of our 
sites have rainwater harvesting, accounting for 
approximately 2% of total water use.
Water is also used across our value chain to 
produce and manufacture IKEA products and 
food. Inter IKEA Group is responsible for  
the design of the Inter IKEA product range  
and is working to improve the efficiency of  
IKEA water-using products to help reduce  
daily water consumption in the home. We 
promote water-efficient products through  
our healthy and sustainable living programmes 
(see Better Homes page 19). Inter IKEA  
Group is also working in partnership with  
the conservation organisation WWF to  
improve water management and tackle  
water challenges across the value chain. 
Data covers water use at our sites. Data on water used upstream and downstream from our business 
(e.g. for production and use of products) is not included.
Water use by business unit 
(m3)
59.4%
59.7%
55.0%
56.0%
54.8%
1.7%
2.2%
2.5%
2.1%
2.2%
37.9%
38.0%
42.5%
41.8%
43.0%
1.0%
0.2%
0.1%
0.1%
0.1%
8,994,720
8,344,872
8,522,257
9,107,677
9,285,281
FY16
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
Other
Ingka Centres
Distribution centres
IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points

Page 65:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2365
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Biodiversity and forestry
MATERIAL TOPIC
 Our key impacts on ecosystems are through the 
sourcing of IKEA products and food and our forestry 
investments. We are committed to protecting nature 
and improving biodiversity across our supply chain, 
investments and own sites.
Challenges we are addressing 
• We need to develop metrics, 
targets and action plans on nature 
conservation and biodiversity, and align 
with best practice guidance (including 
the Science Based Targets for Nature, 
SBTN, and the Taskforce for Nature 
Related Financial Disclosure, TNFD) and 
are working to address this. 
• Biodiversity, resource use and climate 
impacts are interconnected. We need to 
understand these connections and take 
a holistic approach to tackling these 
challenges.  
What we are proud of
• Upstream in our value chain, Inter 
IKEA Group has continued to extend its 
responsible sourcing programmes for 
key raw materials derived from forests 
and farms.  
• Across our forestry investments, over 
10% of our forestland is managed as 
conservation areas. 
• Across our own sites, we have 
created new green spaces to promote 
biodiversity at a number of stores, 
including ‘tiny forests’ at two stores in 
France, a pollinator garden in Timișoara, 
Romania and are building a large open 
roof garden in Copenhagen, Denmark 
(to be completed in FY24).

Page 66:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2366
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Understanding our 
biodiversity impact
We are committed to aligning our 
approach on biodiversity with best 
practice frameworks, including 
guidance from the Science Based 
Targets for Nature (SBTN) and 
the Taskforce for Nature Related 
Financial Disclosure (TNFD). 
We have started to map our impacts and 
dependencies on nature in line with the SBTN 
initial guidance and to prepare for upcoming 
mandatory reporting requirements. 
In FY23, we participated in the TNFD pilot project 
to build our understanding of how we can 
effectively identify and manage our biodiversity 
risks and opportunities and learn from others. 
We provided feedback on the preliminary 
technical guidance from TNFD, calling for more 
details on how to quantify the financial impact of 
risks. 
IKEA products
Wood is the material most used in 
the IKEA range (based on purchasing 
value). In FY23, 97.8% (FY22: 99.9%) 
of total wood used in IKEA products 
was either FSC®-certified or 
recycled. A slight drop was caused by 
the closing of a few wood markets 
and global economic turbulence.  
At Ingka Group, through our own forestry 
investments (see below), we supplied at least 
43,600 m3 of wood for the IKEA product range in 
FY23 (34,100 m3 in FY22), which accounts for only 
a small proportion of total wood used by IKEA.  
Inter IKEA Group is working together with FSC, 
WWF and other companies on an initiative 
to quantify the biodiversity benefits of FSC 
certification. This will support FSC certificate 
holders in demonstrating their biodiversity 
impacts in line with the Global Biodiversity 
Framework agreed in Montreal in December 
2022. During FY23, Inter IKEA Group continued 
to work in partnership with WWF on several 
biodiversity and forestry projects, including 
launching a new pilot project on landscape 
restoration in Thailand and new forestry  
projects in Brazil and Colombia. 
Inter IKEA Group is also working to responsibly 
source other materials used in products and food 
that impact on ecosystems including cotton, soy, 
palm oil, coffee, cocoa, tea, beef and seafood. In 
FY23, new IWAY requirements for suppliers were 
developed on agriculture to manage ethical and 
environmental impacts, including biodiversity. 
Cotton is the main agricultural material for IKEA 
and has been sourced from more sustainable 
or recycled sources since FY15. See IKEA 
Sustainability Report FY23 for further details  
of progress on responsible sourcing.
Own operations
Across our own operations, we are 
working on nature conservation 
projects at some of our own sites.
For example, in France we have planted ‘tiny 
forests’ at two IKEA stores and plan to create 
ten by 2030. In Romania, we have planted a 
pollinator garden at the IKEA store in Timișoara 
which is certified by a local NGO. In Denmark, 
we are installing a green roof on our new city 
store in Copenhagen and creating an open roof 
garden to serve as a new public park within 
the city, with trees and plants that contribute 
to biodiversity, including an insect garden. 
Accessible from neighbouring buildings, it will 
become part of a long green pedestrian street on 
rooftops, connecting the southern end of the city 
to the centre.  
We also have responsible sourcing requirements 
for the wood and paper we purchase (see  
page 60).
Advocacy 
and partnerships
We joined the EU Business and 
Biodiversity Platform which aims 
to mobilise businesses to deliver 
EU biodiversity targets by 2030 and 
contribute to the Kunming-Montreal 
Global Biodiversity Framework. 
The EU Business & Biodiversity Platform 
provides a unique forum for dialogue and policy 
interface to discuss the links between business 
and biodiversity at EU level and Ingka Group is 
excited to be part of this important dialogue.

Page 67:
Progress against targets  |  Climate change  |  Resource use, circularity and waste  |  Water  |  Biodiversity and forestry
     Better planet
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY2367
         Better homes    Better lives           Better company OUR DATASUMMARY
Forestry investments
Since 2014, Ingka Investments has invested in 
forestry projects in several countries as part of 
our financial strategy to invest in resources which 
have a positive impact on people and planet. We 
aim for all our forestry projects (including those 
managed in-house and externally) to be certified 
by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®) to 
ensure our forests are managed in a responsible 
way. By the end of FY23, 93% of the portfolio 
was certified by the FSC® and the remaining 7% 
(which is in Aotearoa New Zealand) is in progress 
towards certification. 
We had continued to expand our portfolio of 
forestry projects to 281,500 hectares by the end 
of FY23 (271,800 hectares in FY22). In FY23, we 
planted 8,550 hectares, including afforestation 
(i.e. planting new forests) across 4,940 hectares 
of land. This included planting new forests 
in Latvia in areas that were not suitable for 
agriculture and converting 4,200 hectares of 
farmland in Aotearoa New Zealand to forest 
plantations. 
We recognise that forests play an important role 
as carbon sinks and are also a critical habitat 
for biodiversity. Once we have harvested wood, 
we replant trees or allow areas to naturally 
regenerate in line with FSC requirements. In 
FY23, we reforested 3,610 hectares and secured 
natural regeneration on approximately 1,010 
hectares. We seek to regulate forest density 
(number of trees per hectare) to maximise 
growth and resilience. 
Across our forestland, we set aside conservation 
areas to promote biodiversity, especially across 
sites of high conservation value. More than 10% 
of our forestland is managed as conservation 
areas. For example, we set aside individual old 
trees, groups of trees (ageing islands) and in 
some cases entire areas (forest stands) to provide 
a habitat for birds, bats, insects and amphibians. 
We regularly assess our forestland to identify 
priorities for conservation. In cases where we 
identify any rare, threatened or endangered 
species and habitats (e.g. black storks’ nests, 
bear dens, rare plants), we take action to ensure 
their preservation. 
We seek to protect rivers and watersheds across 
our forests. For example, where we convert 
farmland to forests, we map any riparian zones 
(i.e. buffer areas between the forest and river) 
and plant them with native species to protect the 
water course and riverbank. 
Sustainability guidelines for our forestry activities in New Zealand 
In Aotearoa New Zealand, we have developed sustainability guidelines for our forestry activities, 
where we are mainly converting farmland to forest plantations. Work has started to remove 
invasive species like gorse and broom and replace these with trees. 
There are stakeholder concerns over the environmental impact of forestry practices, including 
damage to waterways that may occur from forestry waste when trees are harvested (known 
as forestry slash). We seek to ensure that we do not cause environmental damage, including 
erosion and blockage or pollution of waterways. One way we do that is by establishing 
dedicated “riparian zones” in which sensitive areas surrounding waterways are specifically 
managed to protect the riverbank and promote biodiversity. Our policy is to make use of the 
slash or secure it, so it doesn’t get washed down towards waterways. We have not had any 
reported incidents of forestry debris from our properties entering waterways.
 
We have also begun to measure some water quality parameters in the watersheds owned by us 
to monitor the effect of conversion from farmland to forests. Initial results reported so far show 
significant reduction of the levels of E. coli.
When we invest in an area, we also invest in the community and listen and work together. Many 
of the people working on projects for us (e.g. clearing gorse, planting, and building roads) are 
locals. We continuously engage in dialogue with civil societies, NGOs, local representatives and 
iwi. For example, we work in close collaboration with the Mata school, which is located on the 
Huiarua property. On the properties we manage we also offer housing to the families whose 
homes were damaged by Cyclone Gabrielle.
We are also part of the New Zealand Emissions Trading scheme, which we joined in 2021. At 
Ingka Group, we aim to reach net-zero without carbon offsets, and we won’t sell carbon credits 
even if we achieve significant CO2 absorption. Our properties in Aotearoa New Zealand are long-
term investments spanning decades. Therefore, enrolling in the New Zealand Emissions Trading 
scheme means the value of the land is preserved over time, and during that time, we can also 
monitor and validate how much carbon our forests are absorbing.

Page 68:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
68
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
 We structure our business to 
ensure financial resilience and 
we reinvest profit to help us 
keep growing and improving. 
We run our business honestly 
and with integrity, meeting 
high ethical standards. Our 
governance is designed to 
ensure that Ingka Group remains 
a well-managed, successful, 
purpose-led company.
Better
company
Our material topics
Financial resilience
Ethical business conduct
Digital trust
Responsible sourcing

Page 69:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
69
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
[ ON TRACK ]
Financial resilience 
Responsible sourcing 
Since 2009, Ingka Investments has invested or committed to invest close to EUR 3.8 billion in wind and solar farms and wider 
renewable energy investments, including EUR 0.7 billion in FY23.* By the end of FY23, Ingka Investments owned, or had 
committed to own, 48 wind farms (with 593 wind turbines) in 16 countries and 26 solar parks in 8 countries. Ingka Investments 
also announced in early FY24 that it will invest an additional EUR 1 billion in transitional technologies such as energy storage 
and hydrogen.
In FY23 we did not directly invest in businesses that explore for, extract, process, refine, or transport fossil fuels or nuclear 
power, or any utilities businesses that use these fuels.
Progress against targets FY23
 
OUR TARGETS* PROGRESS IN FY23 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
Digital trust
Targets under development.
We aim for 100% of contracted suppliers to achieve 
IWAY compliance each year.**
Accelerate investments by Ingka Investments into 
renewable energy to EUR 6.5 billion by 2030.
 Ingka Investments does not make or hold direct 
investments in fossil fuel or nuclear power businesses. 
 [ ACHIEVED ]
* This includes both investments made, and the amount committed to projects by the end of FY23. 
** We have updated our target to reflect changes in our standard operating procedure for IWAY this year. 
Ethical business conduct
In FY23, over 89,900 co-workers completed our Code of Conduct training (including induction training for new joiners and 
refresher training), (FY22: 98,300). We are improving the completeness of the data we collect on this training to enable us to 
report progress on this target.
Anti-bribery and corruption (ABC) is an important part of our Code of Conduct training for all co-workers. In addition, we 
aim for all co-workers in sensitive roles (such as procurement or real estate) to complete more detailed training on our ABC 
framework. From FY23, these co-workers complete an introduction to ABC online course followed by annual ABC refresher 
training. We are improving the completeness of the data we collect on this training to enable us to report progress on  
this target.
All new co-workers complete training on our Code of 
Conduct within a month of joining and existing 
co-workers complete refresher training once every two 
years.
All co-workers in sensitive positions complete 
Anti-bribery & Corruption training. 
[ DATA NOT AVAILABLE ]
[ DATA NOT AVAILABLE ]
[ DATA NOT AVAILABLE ] In FY23 we updated our IWAY process and introduced a new standard operating procedure for IWAY to increase our focus on 
high and critical risk suppliers. Following the update to our process, we are updating our methodology, data collection and 
IWAY target to better reflect our updated process. This means we cannot report progress against our target this year. We will 
prioritise the updates to our target and methodology during FY24 to enable us to report progress in future reports.

Page 70:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
70
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Financial resilience 
MATERIAL TOPIC
 Financial resilience is essential to ensure we can achieve 
our vision in the long term. We secure this in four 
ways: keeping costs low so we can offer low prices to 
customers and maintain a competitive business model; 
being a responsible taxpayer; maintaining conservative 
levels of net liquidity that support our independence; 
and investing to make IKEA more affordable, more 
sustainable and more accessible to the many people. 
We achieve all this by reinvesting a large part of net 
income into the company with the remainder paid as 
dividends to the Stichting INGKA Foundation to achieve 
its charitable purpose by funding the IKEA Foundation.  
No dividends go to any private shareholder. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• High inflation and energy costs 
continued to impact our business and 
supply chain in FY23.  
• Evaluating the social and environmental 
impacts of our investments is 
challenging and it is taking time to 
develop appropriate metrics and KPIs, 
in part due to a lack of quality and 
comparable data.
What we are proud of
• Revenue increased by 5.4% with a net  
income of EUR 1.5 billion.  
• We reinvested 85% of net income into the 
company and the remaining 15% was paid  
as a dividend to the Stichting INGKA 
Foundation, to achieve its charitable purpose.  
• The normalized tax rate was 28% and the 
total tax bill including property and other 
taxes was EUR 1.2billion 
• Ingka Investments invested EUR 1.3 billion 
in assets such as real estate, renewables, 
forestry and business development.   

Page 71:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
71
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Ingka Group 
financial 
performance FY23
Total Ingka Group revenue for 
financial year 2023 amounted to 
EUR 44.3 billion, an increase of 
5.4% compared to 2022. Operating 
income equalled EUR 2.0 billion, 
presenting a ratio of 4.5% and net 
income was EUR 1.5 billion (FY22: 
EUR 0.3 billion). 
Cash flow from operating activities was  
EUR 3.5 billion (2022: EUR 2.8 billion). Our  
capital expenditure was EUR 2.8 billion, reflecting 
continued investments (see investment section 
below). Total assets amounted to EUR 56.5 billion 
(EUR 57.8 billion in 2022). Our equity position 
slightly decreased to EUR 46.7 billion at year-end 
(2022: EUR 47.6 billion) due to currency effects. 
The total cash flow for 2023 was EUR 0.5 billion 
negative (EUR 0.2 billion negative in 2022). 
To distribute our profits in line with our vision, 
in FY23 we reinvested 85% of our net income 
into the company to make IKEA more affordable, 
accessible and sustainable. The remaining 15% 
was paid as a dividend to the Stichting INGKA 
Foundation, which has a charitable purpose 
that is achieved by providing funding to the 
IKEA Foundation, an independent strategic 
philanthropic organisation that focuses its grant 
making efforts on tackling the two biggest 
threats to children’s futures: poverty and  
climate change.
Preserving liquidity
Ingka Group manages its liquidity 
and cash flow risk by liquidity 
planning with the objective of 
maintaining readily available liquid 
assets equal to a percentage of  
the Group’s revenues. 
Cash, short-term deposits and securities 
amounted to EUR 21.2 billion, of which cash  
and short-term deposits total EUR 0.7 billion.
Current liabilities total EUR 7.6 billion. With 
liquid assets exceeding current liabilities, INGKA 
continues to uphold a healthy liquidity position.
IKEA Retail sales per region
71.4 %
19.3 %
9.3 %
Europe
Americas
Asia
Top selling countries
15.4 %
14.5 %
9.1 %
6.8 %
5.3 %
Germany
USA
France
UK
Italy


Page 72:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
72
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Responsible tax 
Ingka Group pays taxes in all 
countries in which we operate. 
We are committed to being a responsible 
taxpayer and recognise the effect of our tax 
contribution on the development of local 
economies and communities. We pay taxes in 
accordance with laws and regulations wherever 
we are present, as a retailer or in any other role.
Our global tax principles are published on Ingka.
com and we are a signatory to the B Team 
Responsible Tax Principles. We publish the Ingka 
Group Tax report annually, including country-by-
country tax data. The latest report was published 
in November 2023 and can be found here.
Corporate income taxes amounted to 0.7 billion 
in FY23 (FY22: EUR 0.5 billion). Our total tax bill, 
including other taxes and duties such as property 
taxes, environmental taxes and customs duties, 
amounted to approximately EUR 1.2 billion (FY22: 
EUR 1.0 billion). 
Our normalised tax rate of 28% remains in the 
25-30% band, and the effective tax rate was 
31.6%. The sale of our MEGA shopping centres 
in Russia reduced our net income and increased 
our effective tax rate.
Over the past five years (FY19–FY23), corporate 
income tax and other taxes and duties amounted 
to approximately EUR 5.3 billion. In addition, 
we collected substantial tax amounts on behalf 
of governments, such as value added tax and 
employee taxes. Over these five years, we have 
also created tens of thousands of jobs, directly in 
our IKEA stores and warehouses, and indirectly 
with our external suppliers, which in turn 
generate taxable income. 
Investing in our 
future
We invest in the growth and 
transformation of our business.  
Our investment decisions are made 
with a long-term perspective, always 
in line with our values and Code  
of Conduct. 
In FY23 Ingka Group capital expenditure 
amounted to EUR 2.8 billion, reflecting  
continued investments in business 
transformation, fulfilment capabilities,  
customer experiences, renewable energy,  
and responsible forestry. Examples include  
an investment of EUR 2.0 billion over the  
next three years in omnichannel growth in  
the United States. Read more on page 16. 
Ingka Investments
Investments are made by all parts of Ingka 
Group including our retail and Ingka Centres 
businesses. In addition, Ingka Investments 
strengthens long-term growth and business 
development, secures our financial resilience 
and supports sustainability goals by making 
responsible investments. It manages assets 
worth EUR 26 billion. Its investments are 
organised in seven portfolios: Business 
Development Investments, Real Estate 
Investments, Venture & Growth Capital, 
Renewable Energy Investments, Circularity 
Investments, Forestland Investments and 
Financial Markets Investments. Investment 
activities are balanced across three strategic 
movements: financial resilience, business 
development and sustainable future. 
Our Investment Policy for Ingka Investments 
states our aim to have a positive impact on 
people and the planet. We are working to 
integrate Environmental, Social, Governance 
(ESG) factors into our screening and due 
diligence processes. We ensure that we have 
the option to exit from an investment within a 
reasonable time frame, if it turns out to not be in 
line with our values. 
Ingka Investments invested EUR 1.3 billion in 
assets and committed to EUR 1.9 billion with a 
particular focus on Logistics and Fulfilment and 
Home Furnishing Services, see pages 17 and 
19, and Financial Services and Life at Home 
Services, see page 16. We also made progress 
across key areas linked to our sustainability 
agenda including circularity (see examples 
on page 58), renewable energy (page 54), 
and forestry (page 65). Our financial markets 
investments included several alternative funds 
focused on innovative companies in sectors such 
as water, biogas and ‘blue economy’ (relating to 
the sustainable use of ocean resources). 
We continued to develop our approach to 
evaluating the social and environmental impacts 
of our investments and to establish criteria that 
our investment teams can use to evaluate new 
investment opportunities. We are aligning our 
approach to changing regulation, such as the 
EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, 
and aim to go further where possible. 
Effective tax rate
24
29.3
65.6
31.6
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23

Page 73:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
73
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Ethical business conduct
MATERIAL TOPIC
 At Ingka Group we act based on our IKEA culture 
and values and are guided by our vision to create a 
better everyday life for the many people. We want 
to run our business honestly and with integrity, 
meeting high ethical standards in our interactions 
with each other, our customers, visitors, suppliers 
and the world around us.
Challenges we are addressing 
• According to international transparency 
index, anti-corruption efforts have 
stagnated in many countries, 
bringing higher exposure to the 
risk of corruption. We have a strong 
anti-corruption framework, and a 
complete implementation will go hand 
in hand with Ingka’s transformation 
agenda with process and technology 
landscape.
What we are proud of
• 89,900 co-workers completed our 
Code of Conduct training (including 
introduction training for new joiners  
and refresher training) (FY22: 98,300). 
• Improved our guidance on how to 
identify co-workers in sensitive positions 
or at-risk functions who need to 
complete our additional anti-bribery  
and corruption training. 

Page 74:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
74
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Code of Conduct
Our Code of Conduct, policies 
and rules set out our position 
and requirements for how we do 
business. All new co-workers are 
required to complete training on our 
Code of Conduct within a month of 
joining the company. 
We provide refresher training for co-workers 
once every two years. In FY23, 89,900 co-
workers completed our Code of Conduct 
training (including introduction training for new 
joiners and refresher training), (FY22: 98,300). 
This training is now included in our mandatory 
training framework that defines which training  
is required for which roles.
 Raising concerns and investigating 
misconduct 
We promote an open culture of trust, fairness 
and honest communication. If our co-workers 
have a concern at work, we encourage them to 
raise this with the person involved in the first 
instance, where this is appropriate, or with their 
line manager, local Business Risk and Compliance 
manager or People & Culture representative. 
We also operate Trust line, a confidential way 
to report serious work-related misconduct and 
breaches of the law in a work-related context. 
The Trust line platform is provided by a third 
party. It is available in all countries except for the 
US where we use a similar platform called iSpeak. 
The majority of concerns reported to Trust line in 
FY23 related to potential breaches of our Code of 
Conduct and were raised by retail co-workers. 
We take every case of potential unethical 
behaviour and policy breaches seriously. We 
investigate and respond quickly and carefully, 
to ensure confidentiality, consistency and 
accountability. Concerns reported via Trust line 
are evaluated by Trust line managers within 
Ingka Group, and where an investigation is 
required, this is carried out by a designated 
manager within our People & Culture or Business 
Risk & Compliance functions. In some countries, 
we are making Trust line available for third 
parties to report concerns, see page 39. 
Anti-bribery and 
corruption (ABC)
We have zero tolerance for 
bribery or corruption in any form. 
Corruption is not only illegal but can 
harm our customers and co-workers 
as well as Ingka Group’s reputation. 
Our Anti-Bribery and Corruption (ABC) 
Framework incorporates policies, training, 
incident management, internal controls, self-
assessments and compliance reviews to mitigate 
the risk of bribery and corruption. It is regularly 
reviewed and updated based on ABC risk 
assessments and changes are communicated 
across our markets. We reviewed and updated 
the Framework in FY23 and also updated our  
ABC policy. 
ABC is integrated into our business ethics 
programmes and our values. It is an important 
part of our Code of Conduct training for all co-
workers. In addition, we aim for all co-workers 
in sensitive roles (such as procurement or real 
estate) to complete more detailed training on 
our ABC framework. From FY23, this includes an 
introduction to ABC online course followed by 
annual ABC refresher training. During FY23, we 
improved our guidance for functional leads on 
how to identify co-workers in sensitive positions 
or at-risk functions who need to complete 
our additional training. We also updated our 
reporting templates and provided co-workers 
with additional guidance on how to manage 
conflicts of interest and gifts and hospitality. 
We promote a culture of integrity so that any 
co-worker, regardless of their role, feels that they 
can report ABC related incidents without fear of 
retaliation. We investigate any reports relating 
to bribery and corruption and ensure that 
appropriate mitigating actions are taken.

Page 75:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
75
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Digital trust
MATERIAL TOPIC  We are excited about the commercial possibilities 
of new technologies that have the potential to help 
us serve our customers in new and better ways. We 
are committed to using technology responsibly in 
line with our values, safeguarding customers and 
co-workers against any potential risks and building 
digital trust. 
Challenges we are addressing 
• The rapid pace of technological change 
creates challenges for applying our 
Digital Ethics Policy. 
• Cyber-attacks, ransomware and other 
cybersecurity threats as well as a rise in 
disinformation and misinformation are  
a growing risk for all businesses.
What we are proud of
• Rolled out our updated Digital Ethics 
Policy across Ingka, helping us to ensure 
a responsible approach to the use of AI. 
• Our Digital Ethics team met with over 
600 Ingka Group leaders to explore 
issues around digital trust and to 
improve understanding of our Digital 
Ethics Policy.   
• Piloted a risk assessment tool that will be 
used for new technologies to enable our 
teams to identify and address any digital 
ethics risks.  
• Co-workers completed more than 
260,000 e-learning sessions on data 
protection and privacy.

Page 76:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
76
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Responsible and 
trustworthy use 
of technology
Our Ingka Group Policy on Digital 
Ethics states that we will use data 
and algorithms, including AI, in a 
responsible and beneficial way.
  
It sets out our commitment to ensure that our 
algorithmic systems go beyond legal compliance, are 
trustworthy and reflect the Ingka Group values. It 
states that we will use digital technologies in line with 
our commitment to human rights, inclusion and the 
environment. Our policy is aligned with international 
standards, including the European Commission’s 
Ethics Guidelines for Trustworthy AI (2019), the 
OECD Recommendation on AI (2019) and UNESCO’s 
Recommendation on the Ethics of AI (2021). 
We have a cross-functional Digital Ethics and 
Responsible AI team of data, algorithm and digital 
ethics specialists to implement our policy and 
contribute to our goal to make Ingka a digital leader 
in life at home. The team met with over 600 Ingka 
Group leaders in FY23 to explore issues around 
digital trust and to improve understanding of our 
Digital Ethics Policy and its implications for our 
use of technology. We have developed training for 
leaders and co-workers to improve understanding 
of AI and how we are using it in the business which 
includes upskilling on the responsible use of AI.  
We will pilot this in FY24.
We piloted a risk assessment tool that will be used 
for new technologies to enable our teams to identify 
and address any risks of non-compliance with our 
commitment to digital ethics.
Data privacy
Our Group rules on data privacy 
define the standards and controls we 
have in place to protect customer 
and co-worker data. Our cyber-
security and data privacy experts 
works to embed data privacy into 
our daily operations, business 
processes and digital products. 
Emerging regulatory changes such as the  
EU-US Data Privacy Framework or India’s Digital  
Personal Data Protection Act may impact our ways 
of working. We monitor regulatory changes in the 
data privacy landscape, and we have established 
working groups to guide and update our data 
privacy practices as needed. 
In FY23, co-workers completed more than 260,000 
e-learning sessions on data protection. This included 
annual mandatory training on Handling and Sharing 
Information completed by around 140,000 co-
workers and Data Privacy completed by over 115,000 
co-workers. Over 7,700 managers and co-workers 
who handle co-worker data completed Securing  
Coworker Data training.
Cybersecurity
Our approach to cybersecurity 
is consistent with international 
standards, including ISO 27001:2013 
and the NIST Cybersecurity 
Framework.
We have a central expert team dedicated to 
maintaining effective security mechanisms across 
our business and a wide network of resources 
embedded locally to ensure that our approach is 
complete and effective. The Supervisory Board, 
Audit Committee, Management Board and Group 
Management receive periodic updates on our 
cybersecurity approach and performance. We 
conduct regular testing of our cybersecurity 
defences using independent external experts to 
help ensure we are well prepared to respond to any 
incidents. Internal and external auditors continually 
review our IT programmes and security processes. 
To help reduce the likelihood that cybersecurity risks 
could impact our business, we expanded our special 
awareness campaigns and exercises for co-workers 
and continued to invest in strengthening our 
cybersecurity systems and infrastructure. 
We ran internal awareness campaigns throughout 
the year including during Cyber Awareness October, 
Data Privacy Day, Password Day and GDPR day 
to drive adoption of good cybersecurity and data 
privacy practices and to educate co-workers on risks 
relating to phishing, ransomware and other threats. 
Advocacy and 
partnerships
We contribute to the work of 
the OECD Committee on Digital 
Economy Policy and to the 
Business at OECD (BIAC) and the US 
Council for International Business 
Foundation (USCIBF) “Privacy in the 
Metaverse and Relevant Immersive 
Technologies” roundtable. 
We are part of the World Economic Forum’s 
Digital Trust Initiative and Defining and Building 
the Metaverse initiative, where we contributed 
to reports on measuring digital trust, metaverse 
privacy and safety and interoperability in the 
metaverse. 
AI and our co-workers 
 We always assess the impact of AI and 
new technologies on jobs and competence 
needs. Where needed, we upskill and reskill 
our co-workers, and strengthen long-term 
employability inside and outside Ingka Group. 
For example, when customers contact our 
online support many simple enquiries are now 
handled by our AI Chatbot Billie rather than 
co-workers. This means that our 8,500 co-
workers in remote customer support can focus 
on more skilled tasks. To facilitate this we have 
upskilled and reskilled these co-workers in 
areas such as remote interior design, digital 
retail sales, relationship building, and handling 
customer inquiries that require complex 
problem-solving. 

Page 77:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
77
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Responsible sourcing
MATERIAL TOPIC
 We work with thousands of suppliers to help 
run our business – from companies providing 
construction, security and cleaning services, to 
home delivery providers and product assembly 
businesses. We choose to work with suppliers and 
service providers who share our values, uphold our 
standards and seek to have a positive impact on 
people, communities and the planet.
Challenges we are addressing 
• We are working to improve our data 
to enable us to fully report progress 
against our IWAY target. 
• We found failures to comply with 
our IWAY Must criteria during 36% of 
supplier IWAY reviews. Suppliers are 
expected to agree an action plan to 
address major non-compliances within 
14 days of the audit.
What we are proud of
• Updated our IWAY process and 
introduced a new standard operating 
procedure for IWAY using a risk-based 
approach to increase our focus on high 
and critical risk suppliers. 
• Started rolling out IWAY Advanced & 
Excellent requirements to strategic 
suppliers focusing on equality, diversity, 
and inclusion. 
• 4,500 co-workers completed e-learning 
training on IWAY.

Page 78:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
78
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
IWAY supplier 
code of conduct
We work to ensure that our suppliers 
meet high social and environmental 
standards by implementing and 
maintaining compliance with IWAY – 
our supplier code of conduct.* 
Scope
We determine if suppliers are in scope for our 
IWAY process through a risk-based approach 
determined by sector and our business 
relationship. We require all suppliers in scope to 
sign the IWAY Compliance Commitment.
All in scope suppliers are risk rated and 
those identified as high and critical risk must 
meet additional requirements (see IWAY 
implementation). The risk rating is based on 
internal and external data and factors such as 
the supplier’s industry and location and the 
characteristics of the business they run. 
Our IWAY process covers our retail and Ingka 
Centres suppliers. The IKEA Sustainability Report 
FY23 includes details of IWAY compliance in 
the home furnishing, food, IKEA Industry and 
transport supply chain.
Implementation
During FY23 we updated our IWAY process and 
developed a new standard operating procedure 
which increases our focus on high and critical 
risk suppliers. 
We carry out an IWAY Initial Assessment for 
potential new suppliers with a risk level of critical 
or high. These potential new suppliers must be 
able to confirm that they comply with mandatory 
requirements (our ‘IWAY Must’). We do not 
proceed to work with any suppliers that fail to 
meet these standards. 
Once we start working with a supplier identified 
as high or critical risk, we put in place an 
appropriate mitigation plan with compliance 
monitoring. This plan may include supplier 
training, gap analysis and verification activities 
such as IWAY audits. 
We monitor the risk level of suppliers we 
work with on an ongoing basis and may carry 
out further IWAY reviews based on risk and 
performance. 
Based on a successful pilot in FY22, we 
started rolling out IWAY Advanced & Excellent 
requirements to encourage strategic suppliers 
to adopt best practices for equality, diversity, 
and inclusion. This includes targets for FY25 
relating to gender balance and employment of 
people from marginalised and underrepresented 
groups. 
Training and engagement
We h ave several IWAY e-learning modules for 
co-workers depending on their role. 4,500 co-
workers completed e-learning training on IWAY. 
We also operate an IWAY Support Hub for 
suppliers to help them understand our 
requirements. 
IWAY audit results 
FY23
In FY23, we completed 200 IWAY 
review (audits) of high or critical risk 
Ingka Group suppliers (FY22: 256). 
Most of our IWAY reviews are conducted by our 
own audit team, but we also commission some 
external audits to help provide an independent 
perspective. In FY23, 4% of the reviews were 
conducted by an external auditor. In addition, 
6.5% of the reviews were unannounced.
• We found failures to comply with our IWAY 
Must criteria during 36% of these IWAY 
reviews.  
• The most common issues related to working 
hours, wages and benefits, occupational 
health and business ethics.  
• The majority were identified among 
suppliers of last mile delivery and facilities 
management services with the highest 
numbers relating to suppliers in Russia,** 
India, Poland and France.   
• Suppliers are expected to agree an action 
plan to address major non-compliances 
within 14 days of the audit.
We have started several initiatives to address 
these challenges and improve compliance 
among suppliers in sectors with higher 
rates of non-compliance. This includes 
increasing our focus on engaging suppliers 
in preventative actions as well as more 
frequent follow-ups and clarifying roles and 
responsibilities in regard to IWAY in our  
own business.
* IWAY stands for the ‘IKEA Way’ for responsibly procuring products, services, materials and components.
** IKEA stores in Russia (17 stores in total) were closed in mid 2022. The Ingka Centres MEGA shopping centres in Russia continued to operate in FY23. In September 2023 we announced an agreement to sell all our centres in Russia.


Page 79:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
79
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Major non-compliances by supplier type  
(% of IWAY reviews with major non-compliances by supplier type)
We also conducted 102 IWAY Initial Assessments 
to check compliance at potential new suppliers 
during the tender process (FY22: 168). We found 
that 20% of these suppliers did not meet all of 
our IWAY Must criteria. Where the supplier was 
not able to address this we did not proceed with 
the contract. 
The wider supply chain
Our suppliers are responsible for communicating 
and ensuring compliance with our IWAY 
requirements in their own supply chain. This is 
one of the key ways we seek to mitigate human 
rights risks across our wider supply chain (see 
page 38 for more on human rights). We support 
suppliers with this through our training and 
ongoing dialogue. 
Governance
Our governance of responsible sourcing includes:
• Global IWAY Forum – oversees the 
development and implementation of IWAY.  
• Country IWAY Forums – oversee 
implementation at the country level, with 
members from our procurement, business 
risk and compliance, and distribution teams.  
• Category Area Management Forums – work 
to ensure compliance among the suppliers 
for their category.  
• IWAY Calibration Group – reports to the 
Global IWAY Forum and is responsible 
for ensuring a consistent approach to 
implementation and verification of IWAY
compliance across Ingka Group. 
Advocacy 
and partnerships
We are a member of the Indirect Spend Alliance 
which aims to improve protection of human 
rights and reduce emissions among indirect 
spend suppliers, for example those providing 
services and goods not for resale. 
  Real Estate 56%  
  Customer Fulfilment 36% 
  Professional Services 4%  
  Marketing 3%
  Equipment 1%

Page 80:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
80
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
IWAY BASIC Implementation Phase 
First 12 months after contract is signed
1
2
4 8
7
9
3 5
6
IWAY MUST Implementation Phase
Key steps in our IWAY Process
Continued Supplier Performance 
Management and Development 
After the first 12 months
Potential  
new supplier  
identified
Is the supplier in scope 
for IWAY?
Communication of IWAY 
to the potential supplier
Supplier Risk Rating
Initial Assessment  
For high and critical risk suppliers
Sign Contract and IWAY  
(High and critical risk suppliers only if 
they pass the initial assessment)
IWAY BASIC Implementation 
Mitigation plan in place for high 
and critical risk suppliers
IWAY Verification and Audits 
Suppliers agree on action to 
address non-compliances
Following up on supplier risk and 
performance against action plan
Ongoing Supplier Development 
and Engagement 

Page 81:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
81
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Governance
 Our governance structure and processes and 
our ways of working support us to remain a well-
managed, successful company, and to deliver on 
our strategic ambitions and goals.
Our approach to governance 
includes:  
• Establishing clear responsibilities and 
accountabilities for our governance 
bodies including our Supervisory 
Board, Management Board and Group 
Management and our line management. 
• Having strong risk identification and 
management processes. 
• Putting in place values-based policies 
and rules with clear standpoints and 
requirements applicable across Ingka 
Group and all co-workers. 
• Embedding sustainability into 
our governance, to ensure that 
environmental and social factors are 
considered in our business decision 
making. 
• Engaging with our stakeholders 
inside and outside the business and 
conducting a regular formal double 
materiality assessment.

Page 82:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
82
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
The Ingka Group Management Board has two 
members: Jesper Brodin, President and Chief 
Executive Officer, and Juvencio Maeztu, Deputy 
CEO and CFO. Kurt-Jörgen Olsson, General 
Counsel, is Organiser and Corporate Secretary to 
the Management Board. 
Group Management focuses on the strategic 
direction and performance of Ingka Group, and 
is the strategic leadership team for Ingka Group. 
Group Management takes part in the decision 
making in relation to strategies, business 
transformation, leadership and performance.
Ingka Group Management, from left: Wim 
Blaauw Co-chief Digital Officer, Karen Pflug 
Chief Sustainability Officer, Tony Sandelius 
Strategy, Development & Innovation Manager, 
Belen Frau Global Communication Manager, 
Tolga Öncu Retail Operations Manager, 
Cindy Andersen Managing Director, Ingka 
Centres, Juvencio Maeztu Deputy CEO (Deputy 
Chairperson) and CFO, Kurt-Jörgen Olsson 
General Counsel, Karina Gilpin CEO Assistant, 
Peter van der Poel Managing Director, Ingka 
Investments, Ulrika Biesèrt Group People & 
Culture Manager, Parag Parekh Co-chief Digital 
Officer, Jesper Brodin President and CEO 
(Chairperson).
Ingka Group 
Board of 
Managing 
Directors and 
Ingka Group 
Management
The Board of Directors 
(Management Board) is the 
ultimate decision-making 
body and is responsible for 
formal conduct and strategic, 
structural and financial 
approvals, as well as critical 
risks, for Ingka Group.

Page 83:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
83
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Ingka Group Board 
of Supervisory 
Directors
The Supervisory Board of Ingka 
Holding B.V. is responsible for 
supervising, monitoring and advising 
the work of the Management Board.
Based on recommendations from the 
Management Board, the Supervisory Board 
approves, among other things, the strategic plan, 
the main directions and the budget of Ingka 
Group. The Supervisory Board is always guided 
by the interests of Ingka Group and to ensure the 
continuity of our business. 
As per 31 August 2023, the Supervisory Board of 
Ingka Holding B.V. consists of eight members. 
From top left to bottom right: 
Lars-Johan Jarnheimer (Chairman of Ingka 
Group Supervisory Board, also chairs the 
Remuneration Committee), Tore Bertilsson 
(also chairs the Audit Committee), Lone 
Fønss Schrøder (also member of the Audit 
Committee), Luisa Delgado (also member of 
the Remuneration Committee), Ian Worling 
(also member of the TaskRabbit board), Peter 
Kamprad, Mark Newton-Jones and Jonas 
Kamprad.


Page 84:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
84
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Our policies, rules 
and standpoints
Our Ingka Policies and Rules help us 
to steer our business as a purpose- 
led company. They reflect our values 
and ethical standpoints, enabling us 
to remain a trusted brand and to act 
in the best interests of our business, 
co-workers, people and planet. 
Our policies are designed to be easy to apply in 
co-workers’ everyday work, making it clear what 
we stand for and what is expected. We regularly 
review and update our policies and rules.
Value creation goals
To support our performance culture and to 
help steer our business towards our vision of a 
better everyday life for the many people, we are 
establishing goals for each Ingka Group business 
and unit, and for Ingka Group as a whole. These 
goals are structured under the same four ‘better’ 
movements contained in this report, ensuring a 
connection between our internal performance 
management and our external reporting.
These ‘value creation’ goals help us measure 
performance both financially and in terms of how 
we add value to co-workers, customers, society 
and the planet. They are intended to help us 
assess whether we are succeeding as a purpose-
led business. You can read some of these goals in 
the performance tables throughout this report.
Sustainability governance
Key roles and responsibilities for sustainability  
in FY23 included: 
• Management Board, which formally 
approves our sustainability strategy, taking 
into account advice from the Supervisory 
Board, who have a broad range of 
competencies including ESG. 
• The Sustainability Committee of the 
Management Board, chaired by the 
CFO and Deputy CEO of Ingka Group, 
responsible for defining and following up 
on the overarching priorities, principles and 
frameworks for sustainability within Ingka 
Group. The committee met twice in the year 
and reviewed sustainability performance, 
including climate-related issues, in  
every meeting. 
• Our Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO), a 
member of our Group Management, with a 
remit to secure our focus on sustainability 
as a key topic for the Group. She manages 
the Group sustainability function with 
responsibility for the execution of our 
sustainability strategy across Ingka Group. 
In FY23 the CSO organised and was the 
deputy chairperson of the Sustainability 
Committee. 
• The Group Sustainability Management 
Team (GS MT) is responsible for the 
development of sustainability strategy, 
policy, governance and communication and 
oversees our sustainability performance 
across Ingka Group. The GS MT role is to 
support the integration of sustainability 
into our Retail, Centres and Investment 
businesses as well as acting as external 
and internal advocates for our People and 
Planet Positive agenda. With their centre of 
expertise function they enable and equip 
all our management teams and co-workers 
across our business to lead and deliver on 
our strategic ambitions. 
• The Ingka cross-functional Sustainability 
leadership Team (SLT) works closely 
together with the GS MT to ensure a cross-
functional alignment on our sustainability 
agenda throughout Ingka Group. In addition 
to managers from Group Sustainability, on 
our SLT sit the Sustainability Managers for 
IKEA Retail, Ingka Centres and Procurement, 
the CFO of Ingka Investments, the New 
Business & Innovation Manager from Group 
Strategy, Development and Innovation, 
the ESG Reporting Manager from Group 
Finance, our Global Public Affairs manager 
along with business partners from Group 
Communication, Group Business Steering, 
Group People & Culture and Group Digital. 
• Our Country Retail Managers are also the 
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) for their 
country. This is designed to help embed 
sustainability into our core business and 
broaden ownership of our sustainability 
strategy. Country CSOs are accountable for 
delivering our goals at the country level, 
and sustainability is integrated into their 
development programme and performance 
review process. They are supported by 
Sustainability Managers in each country.  
• Our ESG Reporting Forum (environmental, 
social, governance) governed by Group 
Finance leads our work on ESG disclosures. 
The Forum brings together key group 
functions such as Sustainability, Risk, 
Business Steering, People & Culture, 
Finance, Communications, Legal & 
Governance and Public Affairs. It is leading 
a two year project to prepare for major new 
regulations and voluntary standards for 
ESG reporting working with our business 
functions to prioritise reporting that drives 
action and impact, ensures compliance and 
supports our ambitions to be leaders  
on transparency. 

Page 85:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
85
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Collaborating with Inter IKEA Group
Our Management Board and members of our 
Group Management participate and represent 
Ingka Group in the Inter IKEA Strategic 
Sustainability Council, an Inter IKEA Group 
governance body that focuses on the IKEA brand’s 
role in society, the IKEA People and Planet Positive 
Strategy and improving alignment on sustainability  
across the value chain. The group also oversees 
compliance with sustainability requirements  
in IWAY. Ingka Group collaborates with Inter 
IKEA Group on many aspects of the IKEA People 
and Planet Positive Strategy such as inspiring 
customers to live healthier and more sustainable 
lives and the IKEA climate positive commitment. 
The Chief Financial Officers for both companies 
are meeting regularly to discuss readiness for 
changing ESG reporting requirements. 
Our sustainability strategy
The Ingka Group sustainability strategy sets out 
the sustainability direction up to 2030 for our three 
businesses: IKEA Retail, Ingka Centres and Ingka 
Investments. It is one of five key strategies for 
Ingka Group alongside People & Culture, Finance, 
Real Estate and Digital.
Our sustainability strategy shows how we will 
contribute to achieving the overall IKEA People 
& Planet Positive strategy, which is developed by 
Inter IKEA Group and covers the whole of the IKEA 
franchise system.  
We are updating our sustainability strategy in FY24 
to further strengthen its ambition in key areas 
and developing detailed roadmaps for each of our 
businesses and functions that will set out how we 
will achieve our sustainability commitments.
Risk management 
 We aim to take a balanced and 
forward looking approach to 
risk management so that we can 
perform against our Value Creation 
Goals.
We focus on and respond to key risks by 
implementing strong mitigation activities 
and through monitoring on three times a 
year. We aim to strengthen our resilience and 
ensure business continuity by staying ahead of 
emerging risks and understanding how future 
events could impact Ingka Group.
Below is a high-level summary of the main risks 
we face and the responses we have taken or 
which are in progress. We anticipate that these 
risks will remain relevant for the longer term and 
require multiple, continuous responses.  
Geopolitics, supply disruptions  
and resource scarcity
Global political tensions will require us to 
operate in an increasingly multipolar political 
environment with further uncertainty around 
national policies, potentially impacting global 
supply chains. Through scenario planning, active 
geopolitical monitoring, and alignment between 
all Ingka Group businesses and stakeholders, 
we aim to anticipate and navigate these risks 
effectively while maintaining a strong focus on 
supporting people and communities. 
Financial risk, including inflation  
and recession 
Inflationary pressures and potential recession 
impact cost of living, consumer spending 
power, and our cost of operations. These risks 
are likely to continue challenging the ability of 
the many people to get access to affordable 
solutions in the mid to long term. Ingka Group 
monitors external developments and constantly 
rebalances our investment portfolios to focus on 
cost management programmes and reprioritise 
initiatives as needed. More information on 
financial risk management is described in note 
24 to the consolidated financial statements. 
Fraud and non-compliance 
Ingka is evolving at a fast pace, increasing 
the complexity and diversity of our business 
both geographically and in terms of our 
digital activities. The regulatory landscape is 
also shifting rapidly with new regulations and 
legislation continuously being introduced. 
Therefore, our risk management approach 
includes identification and assessment of fraud 
and non-compliance risks. Wider measures are 
used to respond to these risks, which involve 
horizon scanning, implementing internal controls 
and providing steering documents, frameworks 
and training.

Page 86:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
86
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Retail transformation, commercial 
relevance, and shifting customer 
expectations
The digitalisation of customer interactions and 
the evolving nature of digital retailing require 
agile adaptation to continue being commercially 
relevant, to retain our market share, and 
to grow. Life at home has never been more 
important, which brings us many opportunities. 
Our efforts concentrate on advancing our 
omnichannel journey through the IKEA Retail 
strategy (supported by Ingka Centres and Ingka 
Investments strategies), transforming our 
operations, and conducting in-depth market 
analyses on customers’ needs. 
Cybersecurity and data privacy
Digital shifts and the rapid development of 
generative AI bring additional risks related to 
cybersecurity, data privacy, and digital ethics. 
With an increasing online share of our total sales 
and further dependency on technology for our 
operations, our exposure grows. Ingka Group 
strives to address these risks by executing on the 
multiyear cybersecurity strategy while remaining 
committed to using data in a responsible way.
Talent
Challenges to attract and retain talent could 
worsen if we experience declining co-worker 
engagement and motivation or if we fail 
to anticipate future workforce trends and 
expectations. Ingka Group has strengthened our 
talent strategy, including updating the entire 
Ingka Talent agenda and enriching our employer 
value proposition. Furthermore, we continue to 
work on securing equal and fair pay, as well as 
enhancing benefits and flexibility.
Wellbeing of our people 
The fast pace of transformation could expose 
our co-workers to health and safety risks that 
jeopardise our wellbeing. We have a global 
Health and Wellbeing framework in all markets 
based on three pillars: mental, physical, and 
financial. The framework includes an Employee 
Assistance Programme available to co-workers 
in all countries, through external partners. We 
run multiple initiatives to identify and launch 
risk mitigation solutions, like introducing 
exoskeletons for co-workers who do heavy lifting.
Climate 
The threats from and effects of climate change 
continue to intensify. Ingka Group remains 
steadfast in our commitment to our goals to 
contribute to a better planet. We have mapped 
climate-related risks and taken steps to better 
understand potential future costs, including 
physical impacts of extreme weather on our 
buildings and the rising cost of using fossil 
fuels. We disclose our performance against 
the recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and 
participate in CDP Climate. We have been making 
substantial investments in renewable energy, 
circularity, and responsible forestry both in  
and outside our value chain.
Reporting non-financial information
We disclose our approach to managing non- 
financial risks in line with the EU Non-Financial 
Reporting Directive requirements. More 
information is found throughout our report, 
including in the following sections: 
• Environmental risks – see Better planet  
page 48. 
• Social and employee risks – see Better lives 
page 31 and Responsible sourcing page 77. 
• Human rights and children’s rights risks – 
see pages 27, 38 and 41. 
• Anti-corruption, anti-bribery and business 
ethics risks – see pages 74 and 85. 
We conducted a double materiality assessment 
as part of our preparation for the EU Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD),  
see page 87. 


Page 87:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
87
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Double materiality 
assessment
 We regularly conduct a formal
double materiality assessment to
help us identify the sustainability
topics of most importance to the
business, our stakeholders and
the planet. 
Our most recent assessment in FY23 was a 
double materiality assessment, designed 
to identify the material impacts, risks and 
opportunities for our business and our 
stakeholders. The findings will play an 
important role in shaping our approach to ESG 
management and reporting over the next few 
years, and assist our preparations for the EU 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive  
and EU taxonomy for sustainable activities.  
The focus of our analysis was to:
• Identify topics which are new in relation  
to the previously conducted double 
materiality assessment in FY23 and to 
validate existing ones. 
• Formulate topics in a way that they are 
recognizable for our co-workers in relation 
to how we manage associated impacts, risks 
and opportunities in order to drive action 
and long term value creation.
The assessment included:  
• Identification of the list of potential 
sustainability topics (long list), that are, or 
might turn out to be, relevant to our business 
and stakeholders by analyzing various 
internal and external materials such as our 
previously conducted double materiality 
assessment in FY21, mega trend analysis, 
peer benchmarking, views of external 
stakeholders and value chain analysis.  
• Assessment of the long list of topics from 
inside-out (impact materiality) and outside-in 
(financial materiality) perspectives through 
surveys, workshop series and discussions 
with senior management.  
• A review of societal trends impacting society, 
the planet and the economy including 
unsustainable consumption and the rising 
cost of living, inequaltiy and evolving 
talent needs, climate change and nature 
loss and greater corporate accountability 
requirements.  
• A review of impact materiality by assessing 
the topics in terms of severity and likelihood 
of our impact on people and planet.  
• A review of finacial materiality by assessing 
the topics in terms of likelihood and potential 
size of the financial effect. 
• We concluded the final list of material 
topics, based on consolidation of impact 
and financial materiality assessment results 
with active contribution and sign off by the 
Ingka Management Board while aligning 
throughout with Inter IKEA.
We mapped the identified material topics 
against our value creation goals and our four 
key movements: Better homes, Better lives, 
Better planet and Better company. This report is 
structured around the topics identified in the
assessment. Some of the topics highlighted
by the assessment have not previously been
covered in detail in our reporting including
customer and end user safety, biodiversity  
and water.
We will develop targets and KPIs for each 
material topic, where these do not yet exist, 
which will help ensure we focus our efforts
on the impacts, risks and opportunities for each 
topic that matter most.  
 
We will use a staggered approach to incorporate 
the material topics into our governance 
structure, risk management and strategy and 
annual plans. This will drive action and impact  
and help to ensure our reporting on these topics 
is ready for external assurance by 2026,  
in compliance with CSRD.  
In FY24 we will further strengthen our double 
materiality assessment process, building on the 
learnings we took from this year’s company-
wide, collaborative, bottom-up assessment. 
This will include, for example, looking in more 
granularity on each topic at the impacts, risks 
and opportunities to see where we can further 
strengthen our process.

Page 88:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
88
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
Stakeholder 
engagement 
We engage with a variety of internal 
and external stakeholders to 
developour business and to ensure 
wehave a positive impact on society. 
We take seriously our responsibility 
as a large global brand to be an 
advocate on important issues adn 
to work with others to drive positive 
systemic change.
Stakeholder engagement is critical to 
delivering our vision and our strategies, 
enabling us to learn from others, lead on 
issues where we have expertise and advocate 
forpositive change. Ultimately it helps us to 
develop and deploy solutions that address 
major societal,environmental and regulatory 
challenges. Stakeholder views are a key input in 
our double materiality assessment.
We engage, build partnerships, and collaborate 
across sectors. Our key stakeholders include 
our co-workers, customers, people in the 
communities where we operate, NGOs, 
academia, policymakers, opinion leaders and 
peers. This includes our Ingka Young Leaders 
Forum of activists and professionals under 
30 years old working towards environmental 
and climate justice who challenge us to keep 
improving and input into our strategy and 
reporting. 
     Our issue specific collaborations, partnerships and memberships in FY23 include
Better homes 
and Better company
We are a member of the UN Global Compact and the World Business 
Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). We work with the 
World Economic Forum, the B Team, Business at OECD (BIAC). Other 
memberships and partnerships include: Big Data Value Association 
(BDVA), Global Alliance for Responsible Media (GARM); Global Data 
Alliance / Digital Transformation Network; US Council for International 
Business Foundation (USCIBF) “Privacy in the Metaverse and Relevant 
Immersive Technologies” roundtable; WeLead; World Economic Forum 
Digital Trust Initiative and Defining and Building the Metaverse initiative; 
the World Federation of Advertisers (WFA).
Better lives Our memberships and partnerships include: Business Disability Forum; 
Business Network on Civic Freedoms and Human Rights Defenders; 
Equal Pay International Coalition (EPIC); EU Pact for Skills; European 
Network Against Racism (ENAR); Learning Forum Skills Group; Open 
for Business; Red Cross; Stonewall; Tent Partnership for Refugees; 
The Conference Board; The Global Deal; UNHCR; UNICEF; Valuable 
500; Workplace Pride; World Economic Forum Good Work Alliance, 
Future Skills Alliance, Chief Learning Officers community and Refugee 
Employment Alliance.
Better planet Our CEO Jesper Brodin is co-chair of the WEF Alliance of CEO Climate 
Leaders and Chair of the B Team. Other memberships and partnerships 
include: 1.5 Shift Foundation (SITRA); Asia Clean Energy Coalition (ACEC) 
(founding member); Breakthrough 2030 Retail Campaign (Race to Zero) 
(up to May 2023); C40; Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership 
(CISL); Climate Group (co-founders and members of RE100 and EV100); 
Corporate Leaders Group (CLG); Globe EU Bee Group (a forum for  
European Union policy makers, progressive businesses and civil society); 
Indirect Spend Alliance; Platform for Accelerating the Circular Economy 
(PACE) (from April 2023) ; RE-Source European Platform for Corporate 
Renewable Energy Sourcing; SME Climate Hub; SolarPower Europe; 
The Earthshot Prize; UK Net Zero Roadmap for Retail developed by the 
British Retail Consortium; We Mean Business Coalition (WMBC); World 
Resources Institute (WRI). We have endorsed the Marrakech Partnership 
for Global Climate Action Pathway for the retail sector.

Page 89:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
89
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) principles
Human rights
Principle 1 
Businesses should support and respect the protection of 
internationally proclaimed human rights; and
Principle 2 
make sure they are not complicit in human rights abuses.
Labour
Principle 3 
Businesses should uphold the right to freedom of association and the 
effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining;
Principle 4 
the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour;
Principle 5 
the effective abolition of child labour; and
Principle 6 
the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and 
occupation.
Environment
Principle 7 
Business should support a precautionary approach to environmental 
challenges;
Principle 8 
undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; 
and
Principle 9 
encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly 
technologies.
Anti-corruption
Principle 10
Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including 
extortion and bribery.
Location in FY23 reporting
Human rights, pages 38 to 40 and 99.
Human rights, pages 38 to 40 and 99.
IWAY supplier code of conduct, pages 78 to 80.
Equality, diversity and inclusion, pages 27 to 29.
Human rights, pages 38 to 40 and 99.
IWAY supplier code of conduct, pages 78 to 80.
Human rights, pages 38 to 40 and 99. Respecting and supporting childrens
right’s, pages 40 and 99. IWAY supplier code of conduct, pages 78 to 80.
Respecting and supporting childrens rights, pages 40 and 99.
IWAY supplier code of conduct, pages 78 to 80.
Inclusion, pages 28 to 29. 
Women’s empowerment principles, page 100.
Better planet, pages 44, 47, 48, 57, 66 and 67.
Healthy and sustainable living, pages 18 to 21. 
Better planet, pages 44 to 67.
Healthy and sustainable living, pages 18 to 21. 
Better planet, pages 44 to 67.
Ethical business conduct, pages 73 to 74.
Our engagement 
with the UN Global 
Compact 
We are a signatory to the United 
Nations Global Compact, a set of 
ten principles in the areas of human 
rights, labour, environment and anti-
corruption. The table shows where in 
this report you can find our progress 
on each principle.

Page 90:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
90
           Better company
Progress against targets  |  Financial resilience  |  Ethical business conduct  |  Digital trust  |  Responsible sourcing  |  Governance
        Better homes    Better lives      Better planet OUR DATASUMMARY
IKEA Foundation
The IKEA Foundation is a fully 
independent strategic philanthropy 
that works to improve the lives of 
vulnerable children by enabling 
their families to create sustainable 
livelihoods, and fight and cope with 
climate change. They do this by 
working with partners to identify and 
solve problems, scale up solutions 
and change complex systems that 
contribute to poverty and climate 
change. Like Ingka Group, the IKEA 
Foundation works towards the vision 
of IKEA’s founder – to create a better 
everyday life for the many people. 
The IKEA Foundation receives all of its funding 
from the INGKA Foundation, with no other 
sources of funding. The INGKA Foundation is 
the owner and sole shareholder of Ingka Group. 
Dividends from Ingka Group are paid to the 
INGKA Foundation, which achieves its  
charitable purpose by providing funding to  
the IKEA Foundation.
Powering communities with 
renewable energy
IKEA Foundation and its partners are 
committed to powering communities with 
renewable energy. 
For example, IKEA Foundation is 
supporting SELCO Foundation’s ‘Energy 
for Health’ programme in India. The 
initiative will power 25,000 healthcare 
facilities across 12 states with solar energy 
by 2026. By putting people living in 
poverty at the centre of their work, IKEA 
Foundation makes renewable energy 
access easier, more affordable and  
more inclusive.Partner organisation SELCO Foundation supports Kalkeri Sangeet Vidyalaya
school to generate renewable energy through solar power technology. 
©Uttanchandani/Karnataka/2019
Médecins Sans Frontières / 
Doctors Without Borders (MSF)
The IKEA Foundation started to provide 
support to MSF in 2013, responding 
to medical needs of Syrian refugees. 
Since then, the partnership has resulted 
in responding to a variety of medical 
and emergencies around the world in 
countries like the Philippines, Cameroon, 
Yemen, Ukraine, Afghanistan, Uganda, 
Turkey, Syria and Sudan. The  IKEA 
Foundation is one of the largest  
donors of MSF.
During 2023, the IKEA Foundation paid out
EUR
million*289
to create a better everyday life for the many people.
* Figure not yet audited.

Page 91:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
91
 OUR DATA91
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Our data FY23

Page 92:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
92
 OUR DATA92
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
 About our reporting
We aim to provide a transparent 
account of our performance through 
our reporting, highlighting areas 
where we are making progress as 
well as the challenges we’re facing. 
Our reporting is structured around our four 
key movements: helping more people to have 
Better homes; contributing to Better lives for 
our co-workers, customers and communities; 
playing our part in creating a Better planet; 
and creating a Better company for today and 
future generations. It includes financial and 
nonfinancial performance against a wide range 
of goals and indicators. Our reporting channels 
include:
• Ingka Group Annual Summary and 
Sustainability Report FY23 (this document). 
This provides an overview of our most 
material sustainability and ESG issues, 
summarising performance highlights 
and KPIs and progress and challenges for 
FY23. It provides an in-depth description of 
progress against targets, detailed actions 
from FY23, and a description of key policies. 
The report also includes a section with 
detailed performance data and our UN 
Global Compact Index and UN Sustainable 
Development Goals Index.  
• Short Summary of FY23. Key highlights 
of our performane and challenges. This is 
based on the front section of our Annual 
Summary and Sustainability Report.  
• Ingka Group reporting website (on 
ingka.com) provides a summary of FY23 
performance, with progress and challenges 
and an update against our targets. On the 
site you can download the full report (this 
document) and the short summary.  
Reporting scope
The Ingka Group Annual Summary and 
Sustainability Report FY23 covers the financial 
year 2023 (FY23), from 1 September 2022 to 31 
August 2023, unless otherwise stated, and the 
entities controlled by Ingka Holding B.V. during 
this time. 
It does not cover the activities of the Inter 
IKEA Group which includes the companies that 
develop and supply the IKEA product and food 
ranges, certain manufacturing and Inter IKEA 
Systems B.V. – the worldwide IKEA franchisor. 
Each year, Inter IKEA Group reports progress 
against the IKEA People & Planet Positive 
Strategy from across the IKEA value chain and 
franchise system. Relevant data from Inter IKEA 
Group is included within our scope 3 climate 
footprint reporting. You can read their report at 
www.ikea.com/global/en/our-business/reports/.
External assurance 
The external assurance scope for FY23 covers 
our data on gender equal pay, gender balance, 
greenhouse gas emissions scope 1 and 2,  
scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions within our 
operational control, and indicators relating to 
energy efficiency and last mile home deliveries 
by electric vehicles.
See Assurance report of the independent auditor 
on page 126. 
For more information on our environmental 
data, see page 100. 
IKEA Sustainability and Climate reports
Ingka Group reporting website

Page 93:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
93
 OUR DATA93
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
1 Via the website, using the app or TMall/WeChat.  
2 We have restated our data for FY21 due to an error in our previously reported data. 
3 During FY23 we changed how we gather data on the number of visits. We also restated some data for prior years to reflect changes in vendors at the Ingka Centres  
meeting places.. 
4 Including full-size stores, city stores and plan and order points.  
5 We have changed the way this data is calculated and restated our data for previous years. Previously we reported by location, which meant that locations with multiple  
units were counted as one. We now report by individual unit.
Visitation and sales
 FY21 FY22 FY23
Total online visits with consent 1 (billion) 4.6 3.8 3.2
Number of IKEA App downloads (million) 24.0 2 20.3 18.2 
Number of visits to Ingka Centres meeting places 3 
(million)
368 364 352
Number of visits to our physical retail locations (million) 657 680 697
Online sales growth (%) 75.0 -13.0 9.0
Sales increase, IKEA Retail (%) 6.3 5.6 5.7
Online conversion (%) 1.3 1.3 1.4
Our units
 FY21 FY22 FY23
Total number of customer meeting points 4 465 482 537
Total number of countries 32 31 31
Fulfilment and replenishment units (Distribution centres, Customer 
Distribution centres and Central Parcel Units)5
88 87 91
Customer perception
FY22 FY23
Happy Customer score 71 76
Brand Trust 47
 Better homes data

Page 94:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
94
 OUR DATA94
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Co-workers by region 
Asia / Pacific Europe North America
Number of co-workers (headcount) 21,923 119,067 24,363
Co-worker headcount by country 
FY23
Australia 4,002
Austria 3,431
Belgium 4,465
Canada 7,037
China 9,354
Croatia 656
Czech Republic 2,289
Denmark 2,913
Finland 1,914
France 11,627
Germany 20,294
Hungary 1,764
India 2,935
Ireland 762
Italy 7,905
Japan 3,795
Netherlands 6,419
Norway 2,937
Poland 6,305
Portugal 2,620
Romania 1,371
Russia 2,420
Serbia 538
Slovakia 574
Slovenia 332
South Korea 1,838
Spain 9,440
Sweden 12,908
Switzerland 3,169
Ukraine 353
United Kingdom 11,610
United States 17,326
Other 50
Co-worker headcount by gender
Gender FY21 FY22 FY23
Male 79,248 80,653 75,693
Female 94,962 96,505 89,534
Other 15 31 116
Not reported 0 3 10
Total employees 174,225 177,192 165,353
Gender
 Better lives data

Page 95:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
95
 OUR DATA95
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Co-workers by contract type by gender FY23
Male Female Other Not reported Total
Average number of co-workers (headcount) 75,693 89,534 116 10 165,353
Average number of permanent co-workers 69,761 82,442 113 9 152,325
Average number of temporary co-workers 5,932 7,092 3 1 13,028
Number of co-workers with non guaranteed 
hours contract 0 0 0 0 0
Co-worker turnover1 
FY21 FY22 FY23
Co-worker turnover rate 28.8 34.3 30.1
Voluntary co-worker turnover rate 17.9 23.9 21.0
Involuntary co-worker turnover rate 10.9 10.4 9.0
Total number of leavers 51,405 62,332 51,067
1 We identified some errors in our previously reported data and as a result we have restated our data for FY21 and FY22. 

Page 96:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
96
 OUR DATA96
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Co-worker engagement
 FY21 FY22 FY23
iShare response rate % 80 83 83 
Overall iShare score % 80 79 
Engagement Index - % of co-workers  
who feel engaged
80 81 79 
Values Index - % of co-workers who  
believe we live our values
80 80 79 
Leadership index % 81 83  83  
Health and wellbeing score % 74 73 
Great place to work - % of co-workers  
who believe Ingka/IKEA is a great place to work
83 82 80 
% Co-workers who feel supported to  
live a healthy lifestyle
58 67 66 
% Co-workers who feel that they actively  
contribute to taking care of people and planet
80 83 81 
% Co-workers who feel empowered to create  
best customer experience
80 80 79 
% Co-workers who feel they have good opportunities  
to develop their competences
73 74 74 
Employer Net Promoter Score (eNPS) 28.7  27.4 23.0
Health & safety1 
 FY21 FY22 FY23
Occuptional Health and Safety trainings – number of trainings completed1 47,619 46,183
The number of Lost Time Accidents (accidents resulting in more than one day of lost time)2          2,455
Lost Time Accident frequency rate (the number of Lost Time Accidents  
per million hours worked)3
12.61 15.19
 
13.07
Learning programmes 
 FY21 FY22 FY23
Number of training hours (million hours) 2.4 2.8 2.6
Co-worker satisfaction with learning 
programmes (out of 5)
4.6 4.7 4.6
1 Includes our OH&S induction and OH&S training for managers. 
2 Includes data for own employees in IKEA Retail only.  
3 Includes data for own employees in IKEA Retail only. We identified an error in our previously reported data for FY22 and as a result we have restated this figure (previously reported as 17.16) Data for FY21 has also been restated (previously reported as 12.93).

Page 97:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
97
 OUR DATA97
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Inclusion index
 FY22 FY23
Inclusion index 81.2 % 80.3 %
Gender balance*
(% of women)
 FY21 FY22 FY23
All co-workers 1 54.5 % 54.3 % 54.1 %
All leaders (Management)2 49.8 % 49.5 % 50.0 %
Group Management (including our 
Management Board)
50.0 % 38.5 % 38.5 %
Supervisory Board 25.0 % 25.0 % 25.0 %
Business Boards (the boards of IKEA Retail, 
Ingka Investments and Ingka Centres)3
44.0 % 39.0 % 41.4 %
Country Boards (registered members only) 48.0 % 46.9 % 55.8 %
Country Boards (members  
and permanent invitees)
49.0 % 44.8 % 52.6 %
CEOs in our markets 45.8 % 45.8 %
Gender-equal pay4
 FY21 FY22 FY23
% co-worker population in scope for our  
Gender-equal Pay assessment
100.00 100.00 100.00*
% co-workers belonging to identical groups with 
gaps that cannot be explained by performance, 
competence and a country’s legal requirements
5.04 4.84 3.87*
% of co-workers belonging to identical groups 
where financial investment is needed to close  
a pay gap
1.60 1.02 0.78*
% of managers who have completed the  
Gender-equal Pay training
50.0 51.0 59.4
% of recruiters that have completed  
Gender-equal Pay training
68.0 67.0 69.0
1 We have restated our data for FY21 to correct an inaccuracy (previously reported as 55.3%).  
2 We have restated our data for FY22 to correct an inaccuracy (previously reported as 49.8%).  
3 We have restated our data for FY22 to correct an inaccuracy (previously reported as 37%).  
4 The assessment covers all Ingka Group part-time or full-time co-workers with temporary and permanent contracts. It excludes the following groups: seasonal co-workers, co-workers with non-comparable salary setting (for example due to being on assignment), co-workers of Ingka 
Holding B.V. (holding company) and acquired companies, co-workers not receiving a salary during the assessment period (for example because they joined the business in the month prior to the assessment date) and co-workers for whom we don’t have information on gender. 
Community impact
 FY22 FY23
Number of people supported through our social 
impact and emergency response programmes
417,475 99,096
Number of refugees supported through our Skills 
for Employment programme
918 1,135
Number of countries running our Skills for 
Employment programme
22 22
Number of candidates recruited through our 
Hiring displaced talent framework
337
*Data included in the external assurance scope.

Page 98:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
98
 OUR DATA98
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Aligning to international standards 
Our approach to human rights is guided by well-established international standards. 
This starts with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and its two corresponding 
covenants, The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and The International 
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, which form the basis of our approach. 
We pay special attention to children’s rights, women’s rights and the rights of people 
belonging to underrepresented and marginalised groups, as outlined in international 
conventions including: 
• the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child
• the UN Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
• the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
• the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
Our commitment to workers’ rights is based on the International Labour Organization’s 
(ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. 
Our approach to human rights in our business is also aligned to:
• the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
• the Children’s Rights and Business Principles
• the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
• the UN Global Compact, including the UN Women’s Empowerment Principles 
• the Gender Guidance to the UNGPs
• the UN Standards of Conduct for Tackling Discrimination against LGBTI people. 
We comply with applicable laws in the countries where we operate. When these laws are 
not aligned with international human rights standards, we strive to find the best way 
forward to secure that the essence of the rights reflected in these international human 
rights standards is still respected.

Page 99:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
99
 OUR DATA99
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
 Women’s 
Empowerment 
Principles
Ingka Group want to be 
transparent about our progress 
on gender equality and to 
encourage other businesses to 
act. That’s why we’ve signed the 
Women’s Empowerment Principles 
developed by UN Women and the 
UN Global Compact (UNGC). The 
table summarises our approach to 
each of its seven principles: 
Establish high-level 
corporate leadership for 
gender equality
Our gender equality framework follows 
a systematic approach all the way from 
establishing the mindset for gender 
equality, to creating an inclusive work 
environment. We have an Equality, Diversity 
& Inclusion (ED&I) Leader in most countries 
to co-create local initiatives with the global 
ED&I team. Our goal is to achieve gender 
balance across our business. Our CEO is 
active in our efforts to promote gender 
equality. 
Treat all women and 
men fairly at work – 
respect and support 
human rights and non-
discrimination
Our Policy on Human Rights and Equality 
states that co-workers must be treated 
fairly and provided with equal opportunities 
regardless of any dimension of their identity 
including gender. Our Code of Conduct 
and our Standard on Equality ensure that 
our workplace is free of discrimination, 
harassment and hostility. 
Ensure the health, safety 
and wellbeing of all 
female and male workers
Our health, wellbeing and occupational safety 
systems reduce workplace safety risks and 
help co-workers to improve their health, 
and to manage a healthy work–life balance. 
We have a global Health and Wellbeing 
Framework to guide our countries in helping 
co-workers look after their mental, physical 
and financial wellbeing; and we track the 
impact of our programmes including through 
our co-worker engagement survey. 
Promote education, 
training and professional 
development for women
We invest in training and competence 
development, so every co-worker has the 
skills to deliver on our business goals today 
and in the future. We make sure that our 
leadership programmes and succession 
pipeline are gender balanced. 
Measure and publicly 
report on progress 
towards achieving 
gender equality
We report progress through our 
Annual Summary and Sustainability 
Report. This includes data on gender 
balance and gender-equal pay. We 
also report and share our progress 
and challenges through our many 
partnerships relating to gender 
equality. 
Implement enterprise 
development, supply 
chain and marketing 
practices that empower 
women
Our IWAY Standard defines the 
requirement for our suppliers to respect 
human rights. We encourage suppliers 
to achieve gender balance and to close 
the gender pay gap. We often work 
with social entrepreneurs and social 
businesses that support women and 
others facing inequality or poverty. 
Promote equality 
through community 
initiatives and advocacy
We collaborate with NGOs and 
governmental agencies to advocate 
for a more equal society including 
Catalyst, the B Team and EPIC. Our EU 
countries have signed their national 
Diversity Charter. We partner with local 
organisations connected to women’s 
rights. 

Page 100:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
100
 OUR DATA100
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
 About our data 
Environmental data  
We are committed to being transparent about 
our climate footprint and environmental impact. 
We aim to ensure all information and data is 
relevant, consistent, accurate and complete, 
and that it provides an objective picture of the 
operations of Ingka Group. Any estimates or 
exclusions are stated in the report.
We calculate our energy and climate footprint 
in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 
Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard, including emissions arising from 
our operations (scope 1 and 2) and across our 
value chain (scope 3). Our data is consolidated 
using the GHG Protocol operational control 
approach. For scope 3 emissions, we follow the 
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and 
Reporting Standard and measure and report our 
impact across the 13 scope 3 categories that are 
applicable to our business (see page 106).
Our climate data and progress against targets 
are subject to an independent review process 
by external auditors, KPMG (see pages 127 and 
128). The scope of our external assurance in 
FY23 covers all our scope 1 and 2 greenhouse 
gas emissions, and scope 3 emissions within our 
operational control, including all data reported 
under the scope 3 categories 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 13 
and part of the data reported under categories 
1 and 9. For category 1, the assurance covers the 
emissions arising from products and services 
purchased by Ingka Group Procurement for 
our operations. For category 9, the assurance 
covers emissions arising from customer travel 
to the Ingka Centres (not IKEA stores, shops 
and plan and order points) and home delivery 
of our products. The majority of our scope 3 
emissions are from home furnishing products 
and food purchased from Inter IKEA Group 
(scope 3 categories 1, 4, 11 and 12) and are not 
included in the assurance scope. Data included in 
the external assurance scope is marked with an 
asterisk in this document.
We measure and report progress against our 
FY16 baseline year for all environment indicators. 
In previous reports, we used a FY17 baseline for 
waste data, but have now switched to a FY16 
baseline for waste, to be consistent with our 
climate data.
Most data is collected from primary sources and 
entered into reporting systems. Energy- related 
information is usually obtained from real-time 
meters at each site, from invoices or from service 
providers. Where estimates are used, we explain 
these in the report, and we work to improve our 
data collection systems year on year. In the data 
tables (see pages 101-117), some of the numbers 
may not add up to the totals shown due to 
rounding issues.
Greenhouse gas emission factors 
We use emission factors from available sources 
such as Sphera MCL database (2022), DEFRA, 
the UK Department for Environment, Food & 
Rural Affairs (2023), IEA, International Energy 
Agency (2022, covering 2020) and the EXIO 
Database (2016-2019), and from local district 
heating suppliers. Factors from publicly available 
databases are integrated into our reporting 
system and are regularly updated.
Scope 2 emissions are calculated in accordance 
with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol scope 2 
Guidance. Our climate target is based on our 
market-based scope 2 emissions, which take the 
purchase of renewable electricity certificates 
and supplier specific emission factors for district 
heating into account. We also measure and 
report data for our location-based emissions, 
which are based on average grid emissions 
factors for each country/region.
Improving data quality and 
measurement methodologies
We regularly review and update our data 
collection methodologies and work to improve 
data accuracy. We restate data for previous 
years where changes in our methodology has a 
material impact on our reported data. Details of 
changes to our climate data methodology are 
provided in the table.
In FY23 we made a number of changes to our 
methodology for calculating emissions. We 
have also extended the scope of our data for 
purchased goods and services (scope 3 category 
1) to include all services we purchase across 
our own operations. We now cover all our 
indirect procurement categories in our emission 
calculation methodology. 
For the first time in FY23 we are reporting our 
energy efficiency measured in kWh of energy 
consumption per m2. This covers our IKEA Retail 
and Ingka Centres operations. Operations  
from Ingka Investments are not included, as 
energy consumption per m2 is not a meaningful 
KPI for this business. 
For the calculation of energy consumption per 
m2, we are using the total energy consumption 
per m2, we are using the total energy 
consumption of our full operations, including 
energy used by our tenants and energy from 
buildings that we lease. The data covers all the 
energy used in a building, including energy for 
charging of EV vehicles. 
We share lessons learned on data collection 
and emissions models with peer companies to 
support collective corporate efforts to track and 
improve impacts.
 Better planet data

Page 101:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
101
 OUR DATA101
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Detail of data restatements for greenhouse gas emissions – FY23 compared to FY16-FY22
EMISSIONS SCOPE GREENHOUSE GAS PROTOCOL CATEGORY AFFECTED DATA EXPLANATION OF CHANGE
Scope 1 Direct emissions from fuels and 
refrigerants used on-site
All scope 1 data
We continuously improve the quality of the data that we are collecting from the sites in our operational control. 
These improvements have led to minor restatements of our historic data. In FY23 we have updated our Emission factors  
in alignment with Inter IKEAScope 2 Indirect emissions from electricity, district 
heating and district cooling
All scope 2 data
Scope 3 Category 1 - Purchased goods IKEA products & food
Purchased goods and 
services for own operations
Data provided by Inter IKEA Group. See Inter IKEA Sustainability Report FY23 for details.
This is the first year we have included data for services used in our own operations. We now cover all our indirect 
procurement categories in our emission calculation methodology for purchased goods and services for our own 
operations.
The emissions from goods and services purchased for own operations are calculated using a spend-based approach. 
Historic years have been restated accordingly.
Scope 3 Category 2 - Capital goods We have extended the scope of our capital goods to include all capitalised assets purchased during the last financial year. 
We apply a spend-based approach for all capital goods except for vehicles and construction, where activity-based data is 
used. Historic years have been restated accordingly.
Scope 3 Category 3 - Fuel and energy-related 
activities (not included in scope 1 and 2)
Well to tank (WTT) and 
transmission and distribution 
losses of fuel and energy
We have changed how our WTT emissions from electricity are calculated, as DEFRA no longer provides these factors. 
Instead DEFRA is providing a formula for how to calculate these emissions based on the scope 2 factors. Historic years 
have been restated accordingly.
Scope 3 Category 4 - Upstream transportation Goods transport from 
supplier to Ingka
Data provided by Inter IKEA Group. See Inter IKEA Sustainability Report FY23 for details.
Scope 3 Category 5 - Waste from own operations Construction waste We continuously improve the quality of the data that we are collecting from the sites in our operational control. These 
improvements have led to minor restatements of our historic data.
Scope 3 Category 6 – Business travel Business travel No changes.

Page 102:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
102
 OUR DATA102
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Detail of data restatements for greenhouse gas emissions - FY23 compared to FY16-FY22 (continued)
EMISSIONS SCOPE GREENHOUSE GAS PROTOCOL CATEGORY AFFECTED DATA EXPLANATION OF CHANGE
Scope 3 Category 7 – Employee commuting Employee commuting No changes.
Scope 3 Category 8 – Upstream leased assets Sites that are operated by 
Ingka, but where the building 
is under the operational 
control of a 3rd party service 
provider.
We continuously improve the quality of the data that we are collecting from the sites in our operational control. 
These improvements have led to minor restatements of our historic data.
Scope 3 Category 9 - Downstream transportation
and distribution
Customer travel
Home delivery
We have corrected errors in the number of customers that have travelled to our Shopping Centres in historic years. 
We have also updated the number of customers that have travelled to our stores, to also include IKEA Food customers. 
We have updated our methodology for calculating distance travelled for home deliveries. We have refined how we simulate 
routes to estimate total km. Historic data has been adjusted accordingly.
Scope 3 Category 11 - Use of sold products Product use at home Data provided by Inter IKEA Group. See Inter IKEA Sustainability Report FY23 for details.
Scope 3 Category 12 - End of life treatment of sold 
products
Treatment of products  Data provided by Inter IKEA Group. See Inter IKEA Sustainability Report FY23 for details.
Scope 3 Category 13 – Downstream leased assets Emissions from tenants 
outside our direct operational 
control.
We continuously improve the quality of the data that we are collecting from the sites in our operational control. 
These improvements have led to minor restatements of our historic data.

Page 103:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
103
 OUR DATA103
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Climate footprint across our value chain FY16-FY23 2
(tonnes CO2e)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Materials  10,909,890  12,221,541  11,961,824  9,632,899 
Food ingredients  778,780  627,699  713,766  701,661 
Production  3,186,508  2,200,951  2,070,107  2,131,863 
Product transport  1,145,958  1,235,383  1,131,114  897,413 
Construction  260,920  184,307  289,931  322,244 
Goods and services used in own operations  1,194,959  1,298,559  1,240,178  1,275,517 
Own operations (Retail, Ingka Centres  
& Investments)
 1,048,103  845,271  658,809  519,383 
Customer and co-worker travel  
& home deliveries
 3,274,320  2,804,300  2,739,447  2,717,112 
Product use at home  6,178,783  4,293,758  3,399,225  2,881,506 
Product end of life  1,614,871  1,481,141  1,441,232  1,310,915 
TOTAL  29,593,091  27,192,910  25,645,633  22,390,514 
 1 Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality and methodology changes.  
2 Previous years’ data has been restated for the categories production, product transport, construction, goods and services used in own operations, customer travel & home deliveries, product use at home and product end of life due to changes in our data methodology  
and improved data quality (see pages 101-102). 
Our climate footprint 1
(tonnes CO2e)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Scope 1 152,180 189,508 166,527 138,951
Scope 2 590,960 403,704 285,244 208,663
Total scope 1 & 2 743,140 593,212 451,772 347,614
Scope 3  28,849,951  26,599,698  25,193,861  22,042,900 
TOTAL scope 1, 2 & 3 29,593,091 27,192,910 25,645,633 22,390,514
*
*
**
*Data included in the external assurance scope. 
** Our external assurance for scope 3 data covers the greenhouse gas emissions within Ingka Group’s operational control, including all data reported under the scope 3 categories 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 13 and part of the data reported under categories 1 and 9. For category 1,  
the assurance covers the emissions arising from products and services purchased by Ingka Group Procurement for our operations. For category 9, the assurance covers emissions arising from customer travel to the Ingka Centres (not IKEA stores, shops and plan and order points)  
and home delivery of our products.

Page 104:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
104
 OUR DATA104
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
1 Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality.
Scope 1 Biogenic emissions 1
(tonnes CO2e)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Diesel bio-fuel blend (on-site use)      13  6  4 
Biogas (on-site use)      5,353  7,672  12,195 
Biomass, wood based (on-site use)  11,109  5,819  7,164  8,330 
TOTAL  11,109  11,185  14,842  20,529 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by business unit
1
(tonnes CO2e)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
  
IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points  291,595  260,099  165,872  115,583 
Distribution centres  24,496  26,798  27,070  17,687 
Ingka Centres  426,937  305,636  258,809  214,313 
Offices  112  3  1  30 
Off-site wind & solar     675  20 0
TOTAL  743,140  593,212  451,772  347,614 
*
*
*
*
*
Scope 2 emissions from total electricity use in our operations (location and market based) 1
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Total electricity (MWh) 2,438,574 2,361,933 2,398,154 2,283,333
Location-based emissions (tonnes CO2e) 996,584 861,734 838,492 763,698
Market-based emissions (tonnes CO2e) 556,160 376,795 259,722 185,034
Footprint reduction due to use  
of renewable electricity
-44.2% -56.3% -69.0% -75.8%
*
*
* Data included in the external assurance scope.

Page 105:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
105
 OUR DATA105
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
1 Previous years’ data has been restated for categories 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9, 11, 12 & 13 due to changes in our data methodology and improved data quality (see page 101-102). We do not report data for categories 10 (processing of sold products) and 14 (franchisees) since they are not 
applicable. We are working to extend our climate footprint to include emissions from investments (category 15) and will report this data next year.  
2 Construction waste data has been included for the first time in FY22.
Scope 3 emissions by Greenhouse Gas Protocol category 1
(tonnes CO2e)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
1. Purchased goods and services  15,869,570  16,133,734  15,832,756  13,562,190 
2. Capital goods  461,487  399,322  440,217  501,629 
3. Fuel-and-energy-related activities  
(not included in Scope 1 or 2)
 236,226  184,397  148,962  118,493 
4. Upstream transportation and distribution  1,145,958  1,235,383  1,131,114  897,413 
5. Waste generated in operations2  47,849  41,843  35,022  30,475 
6. Business travel  94,744  9,737  18,434  31,000 
7. Employee commuting  118,612  141,723  128,974  144,892 
8. Upstream leased assets  6,420  11,135  6,373  5,087 
9. Downstream transportation  
and distribution
 3,060,964  2,652,840  2,592,039  2,541,220 
11. Use of sold products  6,178,783  4,293,758  3,399,225  2,881,506 
12. End of life treatment of sold products  1,614,871  1,481,141  1,441,232  1,310,915 
13. Downstream leased assets  14,468  14,684  19,512  18,080 
TOTAL  28,849,951  26,599,698  25,193,861  22,042,900 
**
**
**
**
**
**
**
** Our external assurance for scope 3 data covers the greenhouse gas emissions within Ingka Group’s operational control, including all data reported under the scope 3 categories 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 13 and part of the data reported under categories 1 and 9. For category 1, the 
assurance covers the emissions arising from products and services purchased by Ingka Group Procurement for our operations. For category 9, the assurance covers emissions arising from customer travel to the Ingka Centres (not IKEA stores, shops and plan and order points) 
and home delivery of our products.

Page 106:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
106
 OUR DATA106
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Energy use by business unit FY23 1 
 IKEA stores, shops &  
plan and order points
Distribution centres Ingka Centres Offices Off-site wind & solar TOTAL
Total energy (MWh)  1,662,343  243,502  1,096,047  17,943  10,403  3,030,236 
Renewable energy (MWh)  1,377,955  176,377  388,875  17,929  10,403  1,971,538 
Non-renewable energy (MWh)  284,388  67,124  707,172  14 0  1,058,698 
Share of renewable energy as % of 
total energy 
82.9% 72.4% 35.5% 99.9% 100.0% 65.1%
1 Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality.
Energy use 1 
(MWh)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Energy use  3,185,871  3,302,867  3,253,292  3,030,236 Energy use
Energy use by source 1 
(MWh)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Renewable electricity purchased  1,236,882  1,505,548  1,644,429  1,659,040 
Fuel consumption from coal and coal products    
Fuel consumption from crude oil and  
petroleum products
 19,494  43,496  23,309  15,282 
Fuel consumption from natural gas  535,003  690,938  616,615  495,088 
Fuel consumption from other non-renewable sources     
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity,  
heat, steam, & cooling from non-renewable sources 
 1,214,752  810,381  684,064  548,329 
Renewable electricity generated on-site   76,809  128,280  145,396  148,342 
Renewable district heating and cooling  71,550  80,868  80,668  79,081 
Renewable fuels used on-site  31,381  43,356  58,811  85,075 
TOTAL  3,185,871  3,302,867  3,253,292  3,030,236 

Page 107:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
107
 OUR DATA107
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Renewable electricity use in our operations 1 
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Total electricity (MWh) 2,438,574 2,361,933 2,398,154 2,283,333
Renewable electricity (MWh) 1,313,690 1,633,828 1,789,824 1,807,382
Share of total electricity from renewable 
electricity (%)
53.9% 69.2% 74.6% 79.2%
Share of electricity consumption generated 
on-site (%)
3.1% 5.4% 6.1% 6.5%
Share of electricity consumption generated 
by Ingka Investments (%)
0.0% 35.0% 35.6% 42.4%
Number of countries with 100% renewable 
electricity
17 23 26 28
Renewable energy generation by type 1 
(MWh)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Electricty from wind 304,417  3,308,825  3,588,229  3,132,777 
Electricity from photovoltaic 119,746  165,734  191,788  204,757 
TOTAL 424,162  3,474,559  3,780,017  3,337,533 
Renewable electricity investments  
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Share of electricity use in our operations 
coming from our off-site and on-site 
investments in wind and solar 
3.1% 40.4% 41.7% 48.9%
Electricity generated from Ingka Group 
wind power and solar by country FY23 2 
 COUNTRY MWh %
United States  755,118 22.6%
Finland  441,883 13.2%
Canada  387,000 11.6%
Poland  385,789 11.6%
Germany  381,662 11.4%
Romania  302,089 9.1%
Sweden  182,886 5.5%
Portugal  155,727 4.7%
France  129,696 3.9%
Lithuania  57,869 1.7%
Other  157,814 4.7%
TOTAL  3,337,533 100.0%
1 Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality.  
2 This covers off-site electricity generated from Ingka Group investments and electricity generated on our sites.
Energy efficiency by business unit* 
(KWh / m
2
)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points  155  144  144  132 
Distribution centres  57  60  59  54 
Ingka Centres  311  269  249  224 
TOTAL  185  152  149  136 
*Data included in the external assurance scope.

Page 108:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
108
 OUR DATA108
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Relative greenhouse gas emissions from transport 1
(tonnes CO2e per trip)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Home deliveries, customer travel &  
co-worker travel 
0.0051 0.0050 0.0049 0.0050
1 Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality. See IKEA Sustainability Report FY23 for further details on changes to the methodology for calculating customer travel.  
2 Greenhouse gas emissions for customer deliveries are calculated from the distance travelled by different category of vehicle (diesel and electric). The data is collected from our fulfilment systems as well as through manual processes, and covers last mile delivery by transport service 
providers to customer homes (excluding small parcel deliveries). We use a digital tool to simulate routes and estimate total km based on the most likely route. 
3 Greenhouse gas emissions for co-worker and customer travel are calculated from the number of co-workers and customers and assumptions on the mode of transport and distance travelled (collected via our customer survey in each country).  
4 Data calculated in the last month of the financial year (August). 
5 The data covers scope 3 emissions arising from Ingka Group sales (88.0% of total IKEA sales), including supply chain emissions from the sourcing of raw materials, manufacturing, and transport of products as well as the use and disposal of IKEA products and food by our customers.
Greenhouse gas emissions from products and food (scope 3) 5
(tonnes CO2e) 
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Products and food  23,814,791  22,060,473  20,717,268  17,556,257 
Home deliveries made by zero emission vehicles 4
 FY16 FY21 FY21 FY23
Share of home deliveries made by electric 
or zero emission vehicles
   11.0% 12.3% 24.6%*
Total greenhouse gas emissions from transport 1
(tonnes CO2e)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Home deliveries2  221,441  359,778  334,564  312,870 
Customer travel3  2,839,523  2,293,062  2,257,475  2,228,350 
Co-worker travel3  213,356  151,460  147,408  175,892 
TOTAL  3,274,320  2,804,300  2,739,447  2,717,112 
*
*
*
* Data included in the external assurance scope.

Page 109:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
109
 OUR DATA109
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Climate footprint by country  
(tonnes CO2e)
Function/
Country
Total 
scope 1, 2 
& 3
Scope 1 Scope 2 Total 
scope 3
1. Purchased 
goods and 
services 
(incl. own 
operations)
2. Capital 
goods
3. Fuel-and-
energy-
related 
activities
4. Upstream 
transportation 
and 
distribution
5. Construction 
waste
5. Waste 
generated in 
operations
6. Business 
travel
7. Employee 
commuting
8. Upstream 
leased 
assets
9.  Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution
11. Use of  
sold products
12. End of life 
treatment of 
sold products
13. Downstream  
leased assets
All 22,390,514 138,951 208,663 22,042,900 13,562,190 501,629 118,493 897,413 365 30,110 31,000 144,892 5,087 2,541,220 2,881,506 1,310,915 18,080 
All 20,558,678 68,346 47,237 20,443,095 13,506,380 232,937 40,930 897,413 313 19,567 27,956 128,158 1,875 1,395,143 2,881,506 1,310,915 0 
All 577,659 13,942 3,745 559,971 0 225,504 5,494 0 52 2,045 1,719 9,462 2,824 312,870 0 0 1
All 7,359 26 4 7,328 0 0 14 0 0 4 1,065 5,857 388 0 0 0 0 
All 1,246,524 56,636 157,677 1,032,210 55,810 43,134 71,897 0 0 8,494 247 1,344 0 833,206 0 0 18,079
All 295 0 0 295 0 53 158 0 0 0 13 71 0 0 0 0 0 
Australia 539,931 1,051 5,490 533,390 349,953 4,474 2,365 23,419 0 1,494 599 3,148 0 38,533 75,195 34,209 0
Australia 9,888 70 387 9,431 0 0 171 0 0 94 47 261 0 8,858 0 0 0 
Austria 417,066 562 710 415,793 276,361 3,413 391 18,487 0 167 561 2,633 0 27,414 59,361 27,006 0
Austria 4,074 71 0 4,004 0 0 48 0 0 36 67 370 0 3,481 0 0 1 
Belgium 581,767 1,735 0 580,033 387,017 3,587 354 26,295 0 206 749 3,543 0 35,441 84,430 38,411 0 
Belgium 5,010 788 0 4,222 0 0 131 0 0 36 54 296 0 3,706 0 0 0 
Canada 962,845 6,275 56 956,514 626,399 8,715 1,473 42,629 0 2,750 1,241 5,690 0 68,469 136,877 62,271 0 
Canada 70,075 2,428 0 67,647 0 56,376 483 0 52 95 116 639 0 9,886 0 0 0 
Canada 483 0 0 483 434 48 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Canada 7 0 0 7 0 0 7 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Function:           Ingka Group            IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points            Distribution centres            Support Units            Ingka Centres            Investments                                                                               

Page 110:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
110
 OUR DATA110
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Climate footprint by country contd.
(tonnes CO2e)
Function/
Country
Total 
scope 1, 2 
& 3
Scope 1 Scope 2 Total 
scope 3
1. Purchased 
goods and 
services 
(incl. own 
operations)
2. Capital 
goods
3. Fuel-and-
energy-
related 
activities
4. Upstream 
transportation 
and 
distribution
5. Construction 
waste
5. Waste 
generated in 
operations
6. Business 
travel
7. Employee 
commuting
8. Upstream 
leased 
assets
9.  Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution
11. Use of  
sold products
12. End of life 
treatment of 
sold products
13. Downstream  
leased assets
China 826,522 9,896 668 815,959 530,095 19,383 4,486 34,315 275 742 1,851 6,832 149 57,524 110,181 50,126 0 
China 16,094 0 0 16,094 0 0 0 0 0 62 66 354 2,820 12,792 0 0 0 
China 198,744 3,783 2,246 192,715 4,344 35,900 6,687 0 0 2,620 81 432 0 142,652 0 0 0 
Croatia 72,438 86 0 72,352 48,468 21 58 3,277 0 33 125 633 0 4,429 10,522 4,787 0 
Croatia 1,552 0 0 1,552 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1,552 0 0 0
Croatia 8,178 0 0 8,178 434 48 42 0 0 26 0 0 0 7,627 0 0 0 
Czech 
Republic 242,050 402 930 240,717 156,745 1,774 385 10,534 0 136 368 1,955 261 19,348 33,823 15,387 0 
Czech 
Republic 3,950 0 0 3,950 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3,950 0 0 0
Czech 
Republic 27,404 6 2,692 24,706 869 97 463 0 0 164 4 22 0 23,087 0 0 0 
Denmark 338,936 148 455 338,333 218,970 5,991 180 15,228 12 138 517 2,530 0 23,630 48,894 22,244 0 
Denmark 33,348 0 1 33,348 0 28,188 1 0 0 16 31 172 3 4,936 0 0 0 
Finland 195,291 189 0 195,103 123,742 714 69 8,594 0 83 317 1,570 0 19,866 27,594 12,554 0 
Finland 3,668 0 0 3,668 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3,668 0 0 0
Finland 12,329 39 0 12,291 434 48 93 0 0 10 1 5 0 11,699 0 0 0 
Finland 3 0 0 3 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
France 1,875,193 5,024 359 1,869,810 1,243,425 14,462 646 83,273 0 739 1,891 9,372 0 126,978 267,381 121,643 0 
Function:           Ingka Group            IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points            Distribution centres            Support Units            Ingka Centres            Investments                                                                               

Page 111:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
111
 OUR DATA111
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Climate footprint by country contd. 
(tonnes CO2e)
Function/
Country
Total 
scope 1, 2 
& 3
Scope 1 Scope 2 Total 
scope 3
1. Purchased 
goods and 
services 
(incl. own 
operations)
2. Capital 
goods
3. Fuel-and-
energy-
related 
activities
4. Upstream 
transportation 
and 
distribution
5. Construction 
waste
5. Waste 
generated in 
operations
6. Business 
travel
7. Employee 
commuting
8. Upstream 
leased 
assets
9.  Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution
11. Use of  
sold products
12. End of life 
treatment of 
sold products
13. Downstream  
leased assets
France 31,259 791 145 30,323 0 0 226 0 0 97 177 972 0 28,850 0 0 0 
France 13,896 11 0 13,885 434 48 14 0 0 12 2 11 0 13,151 0 0 213 
France 2 0 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Germany 3,129,926 9,060 2,306 3,118,560 2,070,005 19,757 4,144 140,609 0 1,186 3,204 16,338 0 206,437 451,482 205,398 0 
Germany 46,030 1,941 0 44,089 0 0 970 0 0 255 260 1,433 0 41,171 0 0 0 
Germany 484 0 0 484 434 48 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0
Germany 4 0 0 4 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Hungary 188,087 606 350 187,130 123,463 1,154 232 8,393 0 105 278 1,506 0 12,790 26,949 12,260 0 
Hungary 3,877 0 0 3,877 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3,877 0 0 0
India 144,169 518 14,443 129,208 79,886 1,880 7,067 4,903 0 224 668 2,339 1,372 7,964 15,743 7,162 0 
India 11,188 41 477 10,670 0 0 233 0 0 12 1 6 0 10,418 0 0 0 
India 388 0 0 388 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 388 0 0 0 0 
India 25 0 0 25 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 21 0 0 0 0 0
Ireland 116,088 20 0 116,068 78,153 306 95 5,525 0 47 119 641 0 5,369 17,741 8,071 0 
Ireland 3,195 0 0 3,195 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3,195 0 0 0
Ireland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Function:           Ingka Group            IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points            Distribution centres            Support Units            Ingka Centres            Investments                                                                               

Page 112:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
112
 OUR DATA112
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Climate footprint by country contd. 
(tonnes CO2e)
Function/
Country
Total 
scope 1, 
2 & 3
Scope 1 Scope 2 Total 
scope 3
1. Purchased 
goods and 
services 
(incl. own 
operations)
2. Capital 
goods
3. Fuel-and-
energy-
related 
activities
4. Upstream 
transportation 
and 
distribution
5. 
Construction 
waste
5. Waste 
generated in 
operations
6. Business 
travel
7. Employee 
commuting
8. Upstream 
leased 
assets
9.  Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution
11. Use of  
sold products
12. End of life 
treatment of 
sold products
13. Downstream  
leased assets
Italy 1,097,810 2,816 0 1,094,994 721,927 13,463 1,349 48,301 0 723 1,403 6,867 0 75,315 155,090 70,557 0 
Italy 20,977 387 0 20,591 0 0 140 0 0 103 50 274 0 20,024 0 0 0 
Italy 42,778 506 0 42,272 869 97 291 0 0 31 4 24 0 37,114 0 0 3,841 
Japan 364,049 338 0 363,711 234,754 3,128 740 15,495 0 228 627 3,138 0 33,214 49,753 22,635 0 
Japan 3,854 0 0 3,854 0 0 26 0 0 4 14 79 0 3,731 0 0 0 
Latvia 23 0 0 23 0 23 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lithuania 31 0 0 31 0 30 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Netherlands 817,808 2,384 608 814,816 538,205 6,340 627 36,017 0 344 1,104 4,888 0 59,030 115,647 52,613 0 
Netherlands 8,820 508 0 8,312 0 0 99 0 0 54 0 0 0 8,160 0 0 0 
Netherlands 8 0 0 8 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 7 0 0 0 0 0
Netherlands 17 0 0 17 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 14 0 0 0 0 0
Netherlands 84 0 0 84 0 0 0 0 0 0 13 71 0 0 0 0 0
New  
Zealand 3,160 0 0 3,160 2,725 435 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Norway 415,812 57 89 415,666 276,797 3,379 137 18,631 0 128 515 2,534 0 26,505 59,823 27,216 0 
Norway 31,648 0 0 31,648 0 28,188 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3,460 0 0 0
Poland 636,031 1,855 322 633,853 413,706 4,060 1,524 28,185 0 688 971 4,898 0 48,148 90,501 41,172 0 
Function:           Ingka Group            IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points            Distribution centres            Support Units            Ingka Centres            Investments                                                                               

Page 113:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
113
 OUR DATA113
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Climate footprint by country contd. 
(tonnes CO2e)
Function/
Country
Total 
scope 1, 2 
& 3
Scope 1 Scope 2 Total 
scope 3
1. Purchased 
goods and 
services 
(incl. own 
operations)
2. Capital 
goods
3. Fuel-and-
energy-
related 
activities
4. Upstream 
transportation 
and 
distribution
5. Construction 
waste
5. Waste 
generated in 
operations
6. Business 
travel
7. Employee 
commuting
8. Upstream 
leased 
assets
9.  Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution
11. Use of  
sold products
12. End of life 
treatment of 
sold products
13. Downstream  
leased assets
Poland 75,840 661 0 75,180 0 56,376 333 0 0 151 7 39 0 18,274 0 0 0 
Poland 96,700 2,180 293 94,227 3,475 388 2,305 0 0 519 0 0 0 87,540 0 0 0 
Poland 70 0 0 70 0 0 70 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Portugal 298,502 670 0 297,831 197,155 1,996 266 13,352 0 140 467 2,340 0 19,740 42,871 19,504 0 
Portugal 7,412 0 0 7,412 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 7,412 0 0 0
Portugal 35,482 78 0 35,404 1,303 145 127 0 0 101 4 24 0 26,073 0 0 7,625 
Portugal 4 0 0 4 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Romania 129,281 66 0 129,215 77,532 13,926 237 5,303 2 202 222 1,113 0 5,905 17,027 7,746 0 
Romania 7,578 0 0 7,578 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 7,578 0 0 0
Romania 34 0 0 34 0 0 34 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Russia 3,398 535 1,285 1,578 0 0 535 0 0 257 122 544 0 119 0 0 0 
Russia 3,780 337 2,320 1,124 0 0 969 0 0 126 4 25 0 0 0 0 0 
Russia 566,662 48,794 151,925 365,942 37,130 5,635 61,326 0 0 4,764 96 531 0 255,894 0 0 567 
Serbia 54,936 354 0 54,582 35,751 243 715 2,377 0 284 265 484 0 3,360 7,632 3,472 0 
Serbia 1,518 0 0 1,518 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1,518 0 0 0
Function:           Ingka Group            IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points            Distribution centres            Support Units            Ingka Centres            Investments                                                                               

Page 114:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
114
 OUR DATA114
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Climate footprint by country contd. 
(tonnes CO2e)
Function/
Country
Total 
scope 1, 2 
& 3
Scope 1 Scope 2 Total 
scope 3
1. Purchased 
goods and 
services 
(incl. own 
operations)
2. Capital 
goods
3. Fuel-and-
energy-
related 
activities
4. Upstream 
transportation 
and 
distribution
5. Construction 
waste
5. Waste 
generated in 
operations
6. Business 
travel
7. Employee 
commuting
8. Upstream 
leased 
assets
9.  Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution
11. Use of  
sold products
12. End of life 
treatment of 
sold products
13. Downstream  
leased assets
Slovakia 68,640 15 0 68,625 45,842 391 23 3,126 0 29 91 487 0 4,029 10,038 4,567 0 
Slovakia 1,986 0 0 1,986 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1,986 0 0 0
Slovakia 30,541 1,078 0 29,463 434 48 234 0 0 20 3 14 0 28,710 0 0 0 
Slovenia 38,657 10 96 38,551 24,630 139 28 1,677 0 16 66 317 0 3,844 5,384 2,450 0 
Slovenia 346 0 0 346 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 346 0 0 0
South 
Korea 249,742 6,154 17,668 225,919 145,025 2,334 4,906 9,387 0 154 314 1,545 0 18,400 30,142 13,713 0 
South 
Korea 3,610 0 0 3,610 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3,610 0 0 0 
Spain 997,808 3,067 0 994,741 637,244 17,748 1,043 42,775 9 677 1,910 8,180 0 85,325 137,346 62,484 0 
Spain 55,647 15 0 55,632 0 28,188 92 0 0 36 13 69 0 27,235 0 0 0 
Spain 59,843 154 0 59,689 869 97 72 0 0 192 10 53 0 52,674 0 0 5,722 
Sweden 1,107,917 312 659 1,106,946 746,216 41,234 396 40,102 14 314 1,903 7,385 0 82,037 128,764 58,580 0 
Sweden 11,686 490 416 10,780 0 0 292 0 0 77 198 1,089 0 9,123 0 0 0 
Sweden 6,962 26 4 6,932 0 0 14 0 0 4 1,064 5,850 0 0 0 0 0 
Sweden 135,449 6 520 134,923 3,041 339 221 0 0 35 33 180 0 130,965 0 0 110 
Sweden 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Function:           Ingka Group            IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points            Distribution centres            Support Units            Ingka Centres            Investments                                                                               

Page 115:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
115
 OUR DATA115
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Climate footprint by country contd. 
(tonnes CO2e)
Function/
Country
Total 
scope 1, 2 
& 3
Scope 1 Scope 2 Total 
Scope 3
1. Purchased 
goods and 
services 
(incl. own 
operations)
2. Capital 
goods
3. Fuel-and-
energy-
related 
activities
4. Upstream 
transportation 
and 
distribution
5. Construction 
waste
5. Waste 
generated in 
operations
6. Business 
travel
7. Employee 
commuting
8. Upstream 
leased 
assets
9.  Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution
11. Use of  
sold products
12. End of life 
treatment of 
sold products
13. Downstream  
leased assets
Switzerland 574,728 614 126 573,988 388,099 3,761 132 26,495 0 224 497 2,615 0 28,387 85,074 38,703 0 
Switzerland 4,457 16 0 4,441 0 0 13 0 0 21 37 205 0 4,165 0 0 0 
Switzerland 966 966 869 97 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Ukraine 355 1 0 355 0 0 0 0 0 0 54 300 0 0 0 0 0 
United 
Kingdom 1,383,224 4,247 616 1,378,360 924,491 9,707 1,760 62,243 0 507 2,025 8,909 93 77,846 199,856 90,923 0 
United 
Kingdom 53,517 1,352 0 52,165 0 28,188 301 0 0 85 246 1,352 0 21,993 0 0 0 
United 
Kingdom 16,535 0 0 16,535 434 48 22 0 0 1 1 7 0 16,021 0 0 0 
United 
Kingdom 3 0 0 3 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
United  
States 2,686,511 9,279 0 2,677,233 1,783,598 25,020 4,569 118,467 0 6,601 2,913 12,880 0 169,748 380,385 173,053 0 
United  
States 41,769 4,046 0 37,723 0 0 966 0 0 685 331 1,827 0 33,914 0 0 0 
United  
States 7 0 0 7 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 6 0 0 0 0 0
United  
States 29 0 0 29 0 0 29 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Function:           Ingka Group            IKEA stores, shops & plan and order points            Distribution centres            Support Units            Ingka Centres            Investments                                                                               

Page 116:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
116
 OUR DATA116
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Total waste produced by business unit 1
(tonnes)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
IKEA stores, shops & 
plan and order points
 436,607  450,724  412,638  381,759 
Distribution centres  50,207  76,199  59,399  54,806 
Ingka Centres  81,618  60,866  60,225  56,723 
Offices
2  147  53  166 
TOTAL  568,432  587,936  532,315  493,455 
Water use by business unit 1
(m3)
 FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
IKEA stores, shops & 
plan and order points
 5,338,527  4,683,651  5,104,267  5,086,466 
Distribution centres  156,213  209,257  189,720  200,055 
Ingka Centres  3,408,601  3,624,951  3,807,126  3,988,640 
Offices  91,379  4,297  6,454  9,977 
Investments  101  110  143 
TOTAL  8,994,720  8,522,257  9,107,677  9,285,281 
Waste FY23 – by business unit & disposal route
(tonnes)
 IKEA stores, 
shops & 
plan and 
order points
Distribution 
centres
Ingka 
Centres 
Offices TOTAL
Waste recycled  300,043  46,815  27,524  111  374,493 
Waste incinerated 
with energy recovery
 57,377  5,856  14,047  54  77,334 
Waste landfilled or 
incinerated without 
recovery
 24,339  2,135  15,153  1  41,628 
TOTAL  381,759  54,806  56,723  166  493,455 
Construction waste FY23 - by business unit & disposal route 3
(tonnes)
 IKEA stores, 
shops &  
plan and 
order 
points
Distribution 
centres
Ingka 
Centres
Offices4 TOTAL
Waste recycled  4,482  1,329  255      6,066 
Waste incinerated with  
energy recovery
 785  785 
Waste landfilled or  
incinerated without  
recovery
 7,334  509  6,912     14,754 
TOTAL  12,600  1,838  7,167      21,605 
1 Changes in historic years are due to improved data quality.  
2 Data for offices was collected for the first time in FY21.  
3 Data for construction waste was collected for the first time in FY22.  
4 Data not collected for offices. 

Page 117:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
117
 OUR DATA117
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Forestry investments 
(hectares)
Country FY23
Latvia  92,800 
United States  69,500 
Romania  50,600 
Lithuania  27,100 
Estonia  22,000 
New Zealand  19,500 
TOTAL 281,500

Page 118:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
118
 OUR DATA118
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
 Better company data
Consolidated income statement 1 September–31 August  
(in millions of Euros)
FY21 FY22 FY23
Revenue 39,784 42,036 44,300
Cost of sales and services -26,909 -28,070 -29,635
Gross profit 12,875 13,966 14,665
Operating expenses -11,243 -12,271 -12,922
Other income 242 340 264
Operating income 1,874 2,035 2,007
Total financial income and expense 363 -1,202 196
Income before minority  
interests and taxes 2,237 833 2,203
Tax -655 -546 -696
Income before minority interests 1,582 287 1,507
Minority interests -3 0 0
Net income 1,579 287 1,507

Page 119:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
119
 OUR DATA119
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Tangible fixed 
assets
Intangible and  
financial fixed 
assets
ReceivablesInventories Cash and short-
term deposits 
and securities
Consolidated balance sheet 31 August – Equity & liabilities  
(in millions of Euros)
FY21 FY22 FY23
Group equity 45,233 47,640 46,685
Provisions 1,851 1,563 1,489
Non-current liabilities 587 767 795
Total non-current liabilities 2,438 2,330 2,284
Short-term loans 54 12 3
Other current liabilities 7,369 7,782 7,574
Total current liabilities 7,423 7,794 7,577
Total equity and liabilities 55,094 57,764 56,546
Consolidated balance sheet 31 August – Assets  
(in millions of Euros)
FY21 FY22 FY23
Tangible fixed assets 24,633 25,647 24,740
Intangible fixed assets 2,511 3,196 3,316
Financial fixed assets 2,186 2,442 2,564
Total fixed assets 29,330 31,285 30,620
Inventories 1,966 2,700 2,742
Receivables 1,676 1,963 1,997
Securities 21,215 20,678 20,470
Cash and short-term deposits 907 1,138 717
Total current assets 25,764 26,479 25,926
Total assets 55,094 57,764 56,546
Group equity Non-current 
liabilities
Provisions Other current 
liabilities
Short-term loans
FY23 Total assets – EUR 56,546 million FY23 Total equity and liabilities – EUR 56,546 million 
4%44% 10% 5% 37% 83% 1% 13%0%3%

Page 120:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
120
 OUR DATA120
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
IWAY reviews and initial assessments
 FY21 FY22 FY23
Initial supplier assessments for potential  
new suppliers (number of)
202 168 102
Suppliers who failed to comply with “IWAY Musts”  
in the initial assessment (%)
19.6
IWAY reviews of Ingka Group suppliers (number of) 338 256 200
IWAY reviews with major non-compliances identified  
i.e. failure to comply with “IWAY Musts” (%)
23.0 24.6 36.0
IWAY reviews performed by external auditors (%) 5.9 4.0
IWAY reviews that were unannounced (%) 3.9 6.5
IWAY reviews by supplier type FY23  
Category Number of IWAY Reviews by 
supplier type
% of IWAY Reviews  
by supplier type
Number of IWAY Reviews with 
major non-compliances by 
supplier type
% IWAY Reviews with major non-
compliances by supplier type
Customer Fulfilment 81 40.5 26 32.1
Professional Services 12 6.0 3 25.0
Real Estate 102 51.0 40 39.2
Marketing 2 1.0 2 100.0
Equipment 3 1.5 1 33.3

Page 121:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
121
 OUR DATA121
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
IWAY reviews by country FY23  
Country Number of IWAY 
Reviews
% of IWAY Reviews Number of IWAY 
Reviews with major 
non-compliances
% IWAY Reviews 
with major non-
compliances
Australia 0 0.0 0 0.0
Austria 0 0.0 0 0.0
Belgium 3 1.5 1 33.3
Canada 9 4.5 3 33.3
China 21 10.5 2 9.5
Croatia 1 0.5 1 100.0
Czech Republic 0 0.0 0 0.0
Denmark 2 1.0 0 0.0
Finland 4 2.0 2 50.0
France 9 4.5 6 66.7
Germany 0 0.0 0 0.0
Hungary 0 0.0 0 0.0
India 15 7.5 9 60.0
Ireland 3 1.5 2 66.7
Italy 9 4.5 3 33.3
Japan 1 0.5 0 0.0
IWAY reviews by country FY23 (continued)
Country Number of IWAY 
Reviews
% of IWAY Reviews Number of IWAY 
Reviews with major 
non-compliances
% IWAY Reviews 
with major non-
compliances
Netherlands 9 4.5 0 0.0
Norway 4 2.0 0 0.0
Poland 19 9.5 9 47.4
Portugal 4 2.0 0 0.0
Romania 5 2.5 4 80.0
Russia 33 16.5 18 54.5
Serbia 3 1.5 3 100.0
Slovenia 1 0.5 1 100.0
Slovakia 0 0.0 0 0.0
South Korea 0 0.0 0 0.0
Spain 13 6.5 0 0.0
Sweden 5 2.5 3 60.0
Switzerland 0 0.0 0 0.0
Ukraine 0 0.0 0 0.0
United Kingdom 8 4.0 2 25.0
United States 19 9.5 3 15.8

Page 122:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
122
 OUR DATA122
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Cases of modern slavery identified FY23
 FY23
Number of identified cases of child labour in the Ingka Group supply chain 0

Page 123:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
123
 OUR DATA123
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
 
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS HOW INGKA GROUP CONTRIBUTES Our contribution to 
the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals
We support the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) in their ambition to 
achieve a better world for all. 
As a global business, we have 
a role to play in contributing 
to achieving all the SDGs. Find 
out how we contribute to each 
goal in this table, starting with 
the ones we most significantly 
contribute to. 
Take urgent action to combat 
climate change and its impacts 
Contributing to the IKEA ambition to become circular and climate positive. Tracking our climate footprint against our 
science-based targets. Inspiring and enabling more people to live better lives within the limits of the planet. 
Making residential solar affordable and accessible for the many people. Advocating for a green recovery from the Covid-19 
pandemic. Investing in wind and solar power and switching to renewable heating and cooling in our buildings. Tackling 
emissions from travel and deliveries. Partnering with others to tackle climate change and advocating for action beyond our 
business. Promoting more sustainable food. 
See the Better homes, Better planet and Better company sections.
Ensure healthy lives and promote 
wellbeing for all at all ages 
Inspiring and enabling healthy and sustainable living through our products and communications. Offering healthier food to 
customers and co-workers.
Advocating for a healthy future for children through our climate positive initiatives. Health, safety and wellbeing in the 
workplace, including protecting co-workers and customers.  
See the Better homes and Better lives sections.
Achieve gender equality and 
empower all women and girls 
Working to ensure gender equality and gender-equal pay. Partnering with social enterprises that support women and 
supporting charities and community groups that tackle issues affecting women’s lives.  
See the Better lives section. 
Ensure access to affordable, 
reliable, sustainable and modern 
energy for all 
Generating more renewable energy than we consume. Investing in wind and solar energy. Making residential solar affordable 
and accessible for the many people, with IKEA Energy Services. 
See the Better homes, Better planet and Better company sections. 
Promote sustained, inclusive and 
sustainable economic growth, full 
and productive employment and 
decent work for all
Being an inclusive employer and investing in our co-workers’ development. Providing and supporting decent and 
meaningful work. Improving standards in our supply chain through IWAY, the IKEA supplier code of conduct. Supporting 
refugees to develop skills for employment. Supporting suppliers and tenants during times of crisis. Partnering with social 
enterprises to create opportunities for people experiencing poverty and other barriers. 
See the Better lives and Better company sections. 
Reduce inequality within and 
among countries
Promoting a fair and inclusive society and respecting human rights. Respecting and supporting children’s rights. Supporting 
fairer lives for young and migrant workers. Supporting refugees to develop skills for employment. Working to ensure 
gender, racial and LGBT+ equality.
See the Better lives section.
Ensure sustainable consumption 
and production patterns
Trialling products and services that promote circular consumption. Inspiring and enabling customers to shop more 
sustainably. Striving for zero waste and using resources in a circular way. Responsible sourcing of goods and services that 
help to run our business.
See the Better homes, Better planet and Better company sections.

Page 124:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
124
 OUR DATA124
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
 
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS HOW INGKA GROUP CONTRIBUTES
Protect, restore and promote 
sustainable use of terrestrial 
ecosystems, sustainably manage 
forests, combat desertification, 
halt and reverse land degradation 
and halt biodiversity loss 
Responsible sourcing of goods and services that help to run our business. Investing in responsibly-managed forests. 
Promoting biodiversity around our stores.
See the Better planet  section.
Strengthen the means of 
implementation and revitalise  
the global partnership for 
sustainable development
Partnering with others to extend our impact beyond our own business, engaging with governments and others to advocate 
for positive change and taking a stand on the issues we believe in. 
See Advocacy and partnerships section in Better lives and Better planet, and Stakeholder engagement section in  
Better company. 
End poverty in all its forms 
everywhere 
Providing and supporting decent and meaningful work in our business and supply chain. Integrating refugees and asylum 
seekers into our value chain and developing their skills for employment. Partnering to create positive change in local 
communities. Supporting vulnerable suppliers and tenants during times of crisis.
See the Better lives section.
End hunger, achieve food security 
and improved nutrition and 
promote sustainable agriculture
Reducing meat consumption with our plant-based dishes. Responsibly sourcing our food. Reducing food waste in our 
operations. Adopting lower carbon, circular techniques to grow fresh produce and inspiring customers to do the same. 
See the Better homes and Better lives sections.
Ensure inclusive and equitable 
quality education and promote 
lifelong learning opportunities 
for all 
Offering our co-workers opportunities for training and development. Providing and promoting learning and decent 
employment opportunities for young people.  
See the Better lives section.

Page 125:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
125
 OUR DATA125
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
 
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS HOW INGKA GROUP CONTRIBUTES
Ensure availability and 
sustainable management of 
water and sanitation for all
Managing water resources. Inspiring and enabling customers and co-workers to save water at home.
See the Better homes and Better planet sections.
Build resilient infrastructure, 
promote inclusive and  
sustainable industrialisation  
and foster innovation 
Generating more renewable energy than we consume. Investing in wind and solar power. Investing in renewable heating 
and cooling in our buildings. Tackling emissions from travel and deliveries. Scaling up emission-free home deliveries across 
all countries. Empowering customers to generate and use their own renewable energy at an affordable price, with clean 
energy services. Investing in businesses that are developing circular solutions. 
See the Better homes, Better planet and Better company sections.
Make cities and human 
settlements inclusive, safe, 
resilient and sustainable
Contributing to thriving communities through our Neighbourhood Framework. Striving for zero waste and using resources 
in a circular way. Inspiring and enabling customers to live more sustainably through IKEA products, and promoting circular 
consumption. Making residential solar affordable and accessible for more people. Supporting communities during times of 
crisis. Tackling emissions from travel and deliveries.
See the Better homes, Better lives and Better planet sections. 
Conserve and sustainably use 
the oceans, seas and marine 
resources for sustainable 
development 
Phasing out single-use plastic from our IKEA restaurants, cafés and bistros. Offering resonsibly-sourced fish and seafood.
See the Better homes and Better planet sections.
Promote peaceful and inclusive 
societies for sustainable 
development, provide access to 
justice for all and build effective, 
accountable and inclusive 
institutions at all levels
Respecting human rights. Being an inclusive and people-centred company and employer. Contributing to thriving 
communities. Ensuring an ethical approach to the way we do business, through our code of conduct and Digital Ethics 
policy. 
See the Better lives and Better company sections. 

Page 126:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
126
 OUR DATA126
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
Our conclusion
We have reviewed the following KPI’s in the 
‘Annual Summary and Sustainability Report 
FY23’ (hereafter: the Report) of Ingka Holding 
B.V. at Leiden for the year ended 31 August 2023 
(hereafter: information in the report): 
– Scope 1, 2, and 3 carbon emissions covering 
the greenhouse gas emissions within 
Ingka Holding B.V.’s operational control 
(including all data reported under the 
scope 3 categories 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 13 and 
part of the data reported under category 
1 - the emissions arising from products 
and services purchased by Ingka Group 
Procurement for its own operations and  
9 - the emissions arising from customer 
travel to the Ingka Centres),
– Energy Efficiency indicators, 
– Last Mile Delivery EV Indicators,
– Gender Diversity indicators and Gender 
Equal Pay indicators. 
A review is aimed at obtaining a limited level  
of assurance. 
Based on the procedures performed nothing has 
come to our attention that causes us to believe 
that the information in the Report is not prepared, 
in all material respects, in accordance with the 
reporting criteria as described in the ‘Reporting 
criteria’ section of our report.
Basis for our conclusion
We performed our review in accordance with 
Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3000A 
’Assurance-opdrachten anders dan opdrachten 
tot controle of beoordeling van historische 
financiële informatie (attest-opdrachten) 
(assurance engagements other than audits 
or reviews of historical financial information 
(attestation engagements)) as well as Standard 
3410 ‘Assurance engagements on Greenhouse 
Gas Statements’. This engagement is aimed to 
obtain limited assurance. Our responsibilities in 
this regard are further described in the ‘Auditor’s 
responsibilities’ section of our report.  
We are independent of Ingka Holding B.V. 
in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de 
onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-
opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants, a regulation with respect to 
independence). Furthermore, we have complied 
with the ‘Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels 
accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics). We 
believe the assurance evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our conclusion.
Reporting Criteria
The information in the Report needs to be read 
and understood together with the reporting 
criteria. Ingka Holding B.V. is solely responsible  
for selecting and applying these reporting criteria, 
taking into account applicable law and regulations 
related to reporting.
The reporting criteria used for the preparation 
of the information in the Report are the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol (published by the World 
Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business 
Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)) 
and Ingka’s internally developed reporting criteria 
as disclosed in the section ‘About our data’.
Materiality
Based on our professional judgement we 
determined materiality levels for each relevant 
part of the Report / the sustainability indicators 
and for the sustainability information as a whole. 
When evaluating our materiality levels, we have 
taken into account quantitative and qualitative 
considerations as well as the relevance of 
information for both stakeholders and  
the company.
Scope of the group review
Ingka Holding B.V. is the parent company of a 
group of entities. The sustainability information 
incorporates the consolidated information of this 
group of entities to the extent as specified in the 
chapters ‘About our reporting’ and ‘About our 
data’ in the Report.
Our group review procedures consisted 
of both review procedures at corporate 
(consolidated) level and at site level. Our selection 
of sites in scope of our review procedures 
is primarily based on the site’s individual 
contribution to the consolidated information.
By performing our review procedures at site 
level, together with additional review procedures 
at corporate level, we have been able to obtain 
sufficient and appropriate assurance evidence 
about the group’s sustainability information in 
relation to the beforementioned indicators to 
provide a conclusion thereon. 
The Board of Managing Directors’ Responsibilities
The Board of Managing Directors is responsible 
for the preparation of the information in the 
Report in accordance with the applicable criteria 
as described in the ‘Reporting criteria’ section 
of our report, including the identification of 
stakeholders and the definition of material 
matters. The choices made by the Board of 
Managing Directors regarding the scope of the 
Report and the reporting policy are summarized 
in the chapter ‘About our reporting’.
Furthermore, the Board of Managing Directors 
is responsible for such internal control as it 
determines is necessary to enable the preparation 
of the information in the Report that is free from 
Assurance report of the  
independent auditor
 To: The Board of Managing Directors Ingka Holding B.V.
KPMG Accountants N.V., a Dutch limited liability company registered with the trade register in the Netherlands under number 33263683, is a member firm of the global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a 
private English company limited by guarantee.

Page 127:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
127
 OUR DATA127
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
material misstatement, whether due to fraud  
or error.
The Board of Managing Directors is, amongst 
other things, responsible for overseeing Ingka 
Group’s reporting process.
Auditor’s responsibilities
Our responsibility is to plan and perform our 
review in a manner that allows us to obtain 
sufficient and appropriate assurance evidence  
for our conclusion.
Procedures performed to obtain a limited 
level of assurance are aimed to determine the 
plausibility of information and vary in nature 
and timing, and are less in extent, compared to 
a reasonable assurance engagement. The level 
of assurance obtained in a limited assurance 
engagement is substantially lower than the 
assurance that would have been obtained  
had a reasonable assurance engagement  
been performed.
We apply the ‘Nadere Voorschriften 
Kwaliteitssystemen’ (NVKS, Regulations for 
Quality management systems) and accordingly 
maintain a comprehensive system of quality 
control including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical 
requirements, professional standards and 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
We have exercised professional judgement 
and have maintained professional skepticism 
throughout the review, in accordance with the 
Dutch Standard 3000A, Dutch Standard 3410, 
and ethical requirements and independence 
requirements. 
Our review included among others:  
– Performing an analysis of the external 
environment and obtaining an 
understanding of relevant societal themes 
and issues, and the characteristics of  
the company;
– Evaluating the appropriateness of the 
reporting criteria used, their consistent 
application and related disclosures in the 
information in the report. This includes  
the evaluation of the results of stakeholder 
dialogue and the reasonableness of 
estimates made by the Board of Managing 
Directors;
– Obtaining an understanding of the 
reporting processes for the information in 
the report, including obtaining a general 
understanding of internal control relevant 
to our review; 
– Identifying areas of the information in the 
Report where a material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error, are most 
likely to occur, designing and performing 
assurance procedures responsive to these 
areas, and obtaining assurance information 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our conclusion. These procedures 
included, amongst others:
• Interviewing management and relevant 
staff at corporate level responsible for 
the strategy, policy and results;
• Determining the nature and extent of 
the review procedures for the group 
components and locations. For this, 
the nature, extent, and risk profile of 
these components are decisive. Based 
thereon, we selected the components and 
locations to include in our procedures. 
Our visit to Italy was aimed, at a local level, 
to validate source data and evaluating  
the internal procedures at a site level.
• Interviewing relevant staff responsible for 
providing the information for, carrying 
out internal control procedures over, and 
consolidating the data in the information 
in the report; 
• Obtaining assurance information that the 
information in the Report reconciles with 
underlying records of the company;
• Reviewing, on a limited test basis, 
relevant internal and external 
documentation;
• Performing an analytical review of  
the data and trends. 
– Evaluating the consistency of the 
information in the Report with the 
information in the Report which is not 
included in the scope of our review;  
– Evaluating the presentation, structure and 
content of the information in the report; 
– Considering whether the information  
in the Report as a whole, including the 
disclosures, reflects the purpose of  
the reporting criteria used. 
We have communicated with the Board of 
Managing Directors regarding, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
review and significant findings that we identify 
during our review.
Amstelveen, 22 January 2024
KPMG Accountants N.V.
 
U.C. van Zessen RA
 

Page 128:
Ingka Group Annual Summary and Sustainability Report FY23
128
 OUR DATA128
    Better lives      Better planet           Better company        Better homesSUMMARY
About our reporting  |  Better homes data  |  Better lives data  |  Women’s empowerment principles  |  Better planet data  |  Better company data  |  UN Sustainable Development Goals  |  Assurance report of the independent auditor
© Ingka Holding B.V. 2023.
Some images by courtesy of Inter IKEA Systems B.V. The IKEA logo and 
the IKEA wordmark are registered trademarks of Inter IKEA Systems B.V.
Some images used under licence from Shutterstock.com, Pexels.com 
and Gettyimages.com.


