Page 1:
© Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 2024
IKEA
Sustainability
Report FY23

Page 2:
2 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
In this report
Introduction
 Introduction letter Page 3
 The IKEA business in FY23  Page 4
 FY23 sustainability highlights Page 5
The IKEA sustainability strategy  Page 6
 FY23 global trends and challenges Page 7
 
 Healthy & sustainable living Page 8
  FY23 summary of progress Page 9
  FY23 key activities Page 10
 
 Our circularity agenda Page 15
  FY23 summary of progress Page 17
  FY23 key activities Page 18
 
 Our climate agenda Page 22
  FY23 summary of progress Page 25
  FY23 key activities Page 27
 Regenerating resources, protecting ecosystems, and improving biodiversity Page 30
  FY23 summary of progress Page 31
  FY23 key activities Page 32
 Fair & equal Page 46
  FY23 summary of progress Page 47
  FY23 key activities Page 48
IWAY – the IKEA supplier code of conduct Page 55
Stakeholder engagement Page 57
Sustainability governance Page 58
SDG index Page 59
About this report
This report summarises our performance compared to 
the IKEA sustainability strategy, People & Planet Positive, 
during FY23. It covers the entire IKEA value chain and 
franchise system and provides an update on activities 
and the ongoing work to measure progress. The IKEA 
Sustainability Report is issued by Inter IKEA Group.1
The reporting period follows the financial year 2023 
(FY23), which runs from 1 September 2022 to 31 August 
2023. Percentages in this report may not total 100% due 
to rounding differences. Please note that we review and 
update historical data for accuracy on an annual basis. 
These changes are updates to external reference data, 
improved calculation methodologies and data quality.
The IKEA business is defined as the business activities 
performed by all companies operating within the IKEA 
franchise system. “We” in this report refers to the IKEA 
business. The IKEA value chain encompasses more than 
the IKEA business and includes sourcing and extracting 
raw materials, manufacturing, transporting of products, 
retail activities in stores, customer travel to stores, 
product use in customers’ homes and product end-of-life. 
 
To ensure the long-term growth and development of the 
IKEA business, we use a franchise system. This provides 
financial stability while allowing franchisees to challenge, 
test and explore new markets and ideas. Together, we 
continue to develop the IKEA Brand.
1 Inter IKEA Group consists of Inter IKEA Holding B.V. and all its 
subsidiaries. An overview of Inter IKEA Group can be found here. 

Page 3:
3 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
FY23 has been another year of challenges 
for people around the world, as well as 
for the IKEA business. We all experienced 
the effects of inflation and a higher cost 
of living, geopolitical conflicts, climate 
change and the accelerating loss of 
nature. In times like these, we try to be 
both realists and optimists, and let IKEA 
values, culture, and spirit lead the way. 
We would like to give a big thanks to all 
our colleagues, suppliers and partners 
for your support and hard work. 
FY23 also marked 80 years since Ingvar Kamprad 
founded IKEA in 1943. Ever since then, we have had 
the privilege of being part of people’s homes and 
lives. 
Overall, IKEA stores welcomed 860 million visitors 
in FY23, and sales amounted to EUR 47.6 billion, an 
increase of 6.6% compared to FY22. Both store sales 
and online sales continued to grow in value despite 
the continued challenge of lower sales quantities. 
Looking ahead, we’re focusing on our three main 
opportunities: become even more affordable, more 
accessible and more sustainable.
Today, achieving our IKEA vision of creating a better 
everyday life for the many people means acting here 
and now to contribute to limiting climate change, 
reversing nature loss and reducing inequality. 
In FY23, the IKEA climate footprint was estimated to 
be 24.1 million tonnes CO2 eq, down 12% from FY22 
and 22% compared to the baseline year, FY16. The 
FY23 reduction was due mainly to lower production 
volumes but was also a result of increased renewable 
electricity use in both retail and production, as well 
as continued energy efficiency improvements in the 
IKEA lighting range. Last year, however, we also saw 
a slight increase in the use of coal in production, 
presenting a challenge to address in FY24. 
A milestone that will impact our future footprint 
is the introduction of bio-based glue in one of our 
board factories. Today, 5% of the climate footprint for 
the total IKEA value chain is connected to the use of 
glue in board materials. 
Our circularity agenda, which includes using more 
recycled materials, is crucial for lowering our climate 
footprint. While some materials, like ceramics, are 
challenging to recycle. One breakthrough from FY23 
was the SILVERSIDA product series. It represents our 
first successful attempt to use ceramic production 
waste to make new tableware. SILVERSIDA products 
are made from 65-70% factory waste materials.
Another challenge is producing fibreboard from 
recycled materials. The share of recycled content in 
our particleboard was 30%, compared with 0.3% for 
fibreboard. But now, we're using new technology 
enabling the use of more than 50% recycled wood in 
fibreboard. In FY23, we started producing the popular 
VOXTORP kitchen front in high-gloss white using the 
more sustainable fibreboard.
A significant achievement this year was the 
development of rigorous action plans that allowed us 
to strengthen our climate goals in line with the 1.5°C 
target and the SBTi Net-Zero standard. Our new goals 
involve halving greenhouse gas emissions from the 
IKEA value chain in absolute terms by FY30 compared 
to FY16, and striving for a 90% reduction by FY50. Any 
remaining emissions will be neutralised within the 
IKEA value chain – without using carbon offsets – to 
reach net-zero emissions. Our previous goal for FY30 
was a 15% reduction. Our new goals were submitted 
to SBTi in mid-November 2023 and are currently 
pending approval. To further support change, the 
IKEA business was present at COP28, joining in the 
call to phase out fossil fuels, halt deforestation, and 
address the root causes of air pollution.
The IKEA business has long promoted responsible 
sourcing within our business. We have steered 
market transformation for key raw materials 
and continue to use innovative approaches to 
forest management, protection, restoration, and 
regeneration. During the year, we continued the 
work of understanding our impact and dependency 
on biodiversity across our value chain using the 
Science Based Targets Networks (SBTN) as guidance.
In FY23, we took a big step by launching an 
industry-first global wood supply map, increasing 
transparency by publicly sharing the origins of the 
wood used in IKEA products. 
Additionally, we are progressing the work to secure 
our readiness for the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive (CSRD) by 2026. Last year, we 
conducted a double materiality assessment to 
inform our work. Looking ahead, we are preparing to 
adjust our reporting in alignment with global and EU 
initiatives like the CSRD.
In a challenging business environment, our 
commitment to playing our full part in contributing 
to a fair and equal society is more important than 
ever. One way is to provide and support decent 
and meaningful work. In FY23, we extended our 
responsible wage practices framework – an approach 
to putting equal focus on equality at work, pay 
principles, competence, dialogue and a living wage 
– to IKEA franchisees. As a next step, we will initiate 
pilots among suppliers. We also continued our 
partnerships with social businesses. In FY23, we had 
a total of 12 partnerships with over 11,000 people 
from vulnerable and marginalised groups now 
employed in IKEA production. 
As our work continues, we stay optimistic. 
Sustainability is an integrated part of our business, 
and our long-term commitment to making 
sustainable living affordable and accessible to the 
many will continue to guide us for the next 80 years.
Taking action here and now to pave the way for another 80 years
INTRODUCTION LETTER
Jon Abrahamsson Ring
Chief Executive Officer, 
Inter IKEA Group
Pär Stenmark
Chief Sustainability Officer,
Inter IKEA Group


Page 4:
4 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
The IKEA business in FY23
The IKEA franchise system
231,000 co-workers in FY22
With around 800 home furnishing suppliers in more
than 50 markets and over 150 global food suppliers
Over 1,600 new products launched in FY23
(An increase of 4.6% compared to FY22)
219,000
IKEA co-workers
~1,500
IKEA suppliers and partners1
9,500
products in the IKEA range
3.8 billion
visits to IKEA websites
860 million
visits to IKEA stores
1 We work with approximately 1,500 suppliers for home furnishing, transport, logistics and distribution services, components, and food.
2 Excluding sales taxes, including sales of IKEA products, food and services by IKEA franchisees.
3 We measure produced volumes in cubic metres (m3).
Ingka Group
31 markets
Al-Futtaim 
4 markets
Dairy Farm
4 markets
Miklatorg 
4 markets
Ikano Group
5 markets
Sarton
3 markets
Al-Homaizi
3 markets
House Market
3 markets
Al-Sulaiman
2 markets
Falabella
1 market
MAPA 
1 market
Northern Birch
1 market
IKEA franchiseesInter IKEA Group
IKEA 
product 
suppliers
IKEA 
service
providers
IKEA of Sweden
develops and designs the 
overall IKEA product range
IKEA Marketing &
Communication
develops and designs
communication content
IKEA Industry
a strategic IKEA manufacturer
IKEA Supply
sources and distributes 
the IKEA product range
Inter IKEA Systems
owner of the IKEA Concept 
and worldwide franchisor
47.6 billion 
IKEA retail sales (in EUR)2
Sales in value increased, while sales in volume 
and number of products sold in FY23 decreased 
467 stores in 62 markets
14 new IKEA stores
71 new customer meeting points (1 closed, 1 relocated)
This is a simplified overview of the IKEA franchise system and value chain (read more). In total, there were 12 IKEA franchisee 
groups in 62 markets as of 31 August 2023. Inter IKEA Group includes the IKEA franchisor (Inter IKEA Systems B.V), range, supply 
and manufacturing. The IKEA sustainability agenda is set and governed by the Strategic Sustainability Council, hosted and led by 
Inter IKEA Systems B.V., with the Inter IKEA Group CEO as chair. Read more about our sustainability governance on page 58.
A decrease of 11.6% compared to FY22
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 5:
5 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Implementing the use of new bio-
based glue, beginning with the IKEA 
Industry board factory in Kazlų Rūda, 
Lithuania, taking an important first 
step towards our goal to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions from glue 
by 30% by FY30.
Page 27
FY23 sustainability highlights
Strengthening the IKEA climate 
goals and actions to align with 
the 1.5°C target trajectory.
This includes at least halving the IKEA value 
chain greenhouse gas emissions in absolute 
terms by FY30¹ (compared with FY16) and 
reaching net zero by latest FY50. Our new 
goals are currently pending approval by SBTi.
Page 23
1.5C°
Decreasing our climate 
footprint, in absolute 
terms compared to our 
FY16 baseline, by 6.9 
million tonnes of CO2 eq 
– a reduction of 22%.
Page 24
-22%
 Reducing the amount of plastic 
packaging of consumer goods by 
approximately 47% and reducing total 
plastic packaging (including consumer 
packs, multipacks, unit loads, and 
handling materials) by approximately 44% 
compared with the baseline year FY21.
Page 20
Supporting nearly 3,000 asylum 
seekers and refugees from 2019 
to 2023 through the Skills for 
Employment programme in IKEA 
retail,2 with 54% going on to find jobs 
inside or outside IKEA.
Page 54
Introducing the plant-based hot dog 
in 14 markets, adding more plant-
based alternatives to our food offer. 
Page 13
Taking an important step towards our 
FY30 commitment to provide and 
support living wages by sharing our 
Responsible Wage Practices framework 
across the IKEA business. 
Page 50
Launching an initiative to fast-
track biodiversity assessments 
in FSC-certified forests to better 
measure impacts at-scale and improve 
biodiversity outcomes.
Page 36
Rolling out an energy-saving 
awareness campaign across 21 IKEA 
markets globally, emphasising small, 
cost-effective, at-home actions to 
reduce energy consumption. 
Page 10 
Increasing the share of renewable 
electricity – from 75% to 77% for retail, 
86% to 90% for logistics services, and 
63% to 71% for production – compared 
to FY22.
Page 27
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
1 Our previous goal for FY30 was a 15% reduction.
2 In retail markets operated by the franchisee, Ingka Group.
Using, for the first time, 
ceramic production waste 
to make the new tableware 
range, SILVERSIDA.
Page 20


Page 6:
6 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
The IKEA sustainability strategy
High-level material topics Key challenges IKEA focus areas & commitments
Human rights
Decent work
Social impact
Health & wellbeing 
Life at home & work impact 
Resource efficiency
Climate footprint
Material use
Sourcing impact
Production impact
Logistics impact
Operations impact
Unsustainable consumption Healthy & sustainable living
• Inspiring and enabling people to live 
healthier, more sustainable lives
• Promoting circular and sustainable 
consumption
• Creating a movement in society around 
better everyday living
Climate change Circular & climate
• Transforming into a circular business
• Becoming climate positive
• Regenerating resources, protecting 
ecosystems, and improving biodiversity
Inequality Fair & equal
• Being a responsible business and 
contributing to resilient societies
• Providing and supporting decent and 
meaningful work across the IKEA value chain
• Being an equal, diverse and inclusive 
business
The purpose of our sustainability 
strategy, People & Planet Positive, is 
to inspire, activate and lead us in our 
decision-making and goal-setting in 
order to achieve the changes we want 
to see in the world, as well as the 
entire IKEA ecosystem.
The strategy is structured based on material 
topics (see diagram, right). These are considered 
the most important sustainability issues on 
which the IKEA business can have an impact. 
When we developed the strategy, we looked at 
what stakeholders expect from us and where 
they could see us making the biggest positive 
changes. As an outcome, we clustered the 
identified material topics into three major 
challenges – unsustainable consumption, 
climate change, and inequality – linked to the 
IKEA focus areas and commitments: Healthy 
& sustainable living, Circular & climate, and 
Fair & equal. The UN Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) and the requirements stemming 
from sustainability legislation have also played 
a role in the development of our sustainability 
strategy.
The IKEA People & Planet Positive strategy 
describes the sustainability agenda and 
ambition for everyone in the IKEA franchise 
system and value chain. Each company 
working under the IKEA Brand sets its 
own strategic goals to contribute to the 
common ambitions and commitments. Our 
sustainability ambitions and commitments for 
2030 are in line with the SDGs. 
On 5 January 2023, the Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) 
entered into force, and then on 31 July 2023, 
the European Commission adopted the 
European Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(ESRS), a critical step for the EU's sustainability 
agenda. This year, we continued our work to 
become CSRD-ready. We performed our first 
Double Materiality Assessment (DMA), which 
we will disclose in upcoming sustainability 
reports. We have also started an ongoing 
assessment to identify and close the gaps for 
reporting under the ESRSs. 
We don’t have all the answers and can't 
achieve our goals alone. We're working 
together with partners and striving to balance 
securing both economic growth and positive 
social impact with environmental protection 
and regeneration.
The IKEA sustainability strategy introduced in 2018 sets a common 
direction for the IKEA franchise system and value chain. See our 
summaries of each strategic focus area for more information on the 
progress we made in FY23.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 7:
7 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
FY23 global trends and challenges
Our sustainability strategy is continuously 
reviewed to secure alignment with 
the total IKEA strategic landscape and 
external developments. We receive and 
review ongoing input from stakeholders, 
key scientific reports, advisory boards, 
sustainability council meetings, regulatory 
and legislative developments and our 
partners. This supports us in identifying 
and addressing trends within major global 
challenges, revising our plans, and raising 
ambition levels wherever possible. 
on nature and prioritising actions to take in a 
stepwise manner. We are currently assessing 
our impact and dependency on nature across 
the IKEA value chain and welcome the Business 
for Nature campaign “It’s Now for Nature” to 
encourage business action on protecting and 
restoring nature.
Addressing the ongoing climate crisis
We have already begun seeing worse impacts 
of climate change on communities around 
the world. In the six years from 2016 to 2021, 
UNICEF reported that 43.1 million children were 
displaced due to weather-related disasters.1
Combating climate change is a critical 
global challenge. The IKEA business remains 
committed to the Paris Agreement to limit 
global warming to 1.5°C and to contribute by 
leading with actions, facts and science-based 
goals. 
!
Protecting human rights
Upholding human rights is an imperative for 
building resilient and just societies worldwide. 
Due to the accelerating inequality, global 
geopolitical unrest and the devastating impacts 
of environmental emergencies on the most 
vulnerable, there is increasing demand for 
companies to respond to human rights issues 
across their value chains. Companies are 
expected to step up their due diligence efforts 
and address any adverse impacts. Regulatory 
developments such as the EU Corporate 
Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) 
are accentuating the role of companies in 
taking responsibility for human rights issues. 
The IKEA business is committed to contributing 
to a fair and equal society by respecting and 
promoting human rights across the IKEA value 
chain and contributing to resilient societies.
!
Making healthy and sustainable living 
affordable
Findings from the Globescan 2023 Healthy 
and Sustainable Living consumer research 
programme show that healthy and sustainable 
living is considered too expensive.2 The 
increased cost of living remains a challenge 
for many people globally, emphasising the 
need for companies to make healthy and 
sustainable offerings more affordable and 
accessible to all.
!
Transforming food systems
The global food system is increasingly in the 
spotlight as it contributes to – and is affected by 
– nature and biodiversity loss, climate change, 
land and soil degradation, humanitarian 
crises, and conflicts. Making susbstantial 
changes to the way we farm, source food and 
eat can play an important role in addressing 
these challenges around the world. We must 
act to protect, conserve, and restore nature 
– including halting and reversing the loss of 
forests – and other important ecosystems to 
ensure that food systems deliver significant and 
measurable progress. We aim to play our part 
in contributing to food systems and agricultural 
practices that deliver progress for people, 
nature and climate.
!
Safeguarding and restoring natural systems
As climate change and other environmental 
crises worsen, preserving and restoring nature 
stands out as a critical challenge. Following 
the adoption of the historic Kunming-Montreal 
Global Biodiversity Framework in 2022, 
governments and organisations worldwide 
are now tasked with meeting 23 targets for 
2030 and four key goals by 2050 in order to 
restore biodiversity and nature and give the 
world a chance to mitigate some of the worst 
effects of a changing climate. In May 2023, 
the Science Based Target Network (SBTN) 
released the first version of their guidance 
to set science-based targets for nature, 
guiding companies in assessing their impact 
!Geopolitical tensions and conflict
These challenges are set against the 
backdrop of continuous destabilising and 
devastating conflicts and humanitarian 
crises, which have the potential to divert 
the attention of governments away 
from addressing climate change and 
biodiversity loss. Another trend is the rise, 
in many countries, of governing powers 
that undermine environmental efforts 
and legislation. It is more important than 
ever that businesses keep the momentum 
going, showing the strong will of the 
private sector to address these challenges 
with urgency.
!
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
1 UNICEF, "Weather-related disasters led to 43.1 million displacements of children over six years" 2023. 
2 GlobeScan, "Healthy & Sustainable Living Report", 2023.

Page 8:
8 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Healthy & sustainable living
Our ambition for 2030 
is to inspire and enable 
more than 1 billion people 
to live a better everyday 
life within the boundaries 
of the planet.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 9:
9 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
FY23 summary of progressCommitments and goals
During the year, there were 
more than 4.6 billion visits to 
IKEA retail through our stores 
and websites. We know we 
have a big opportunity and 
responsibility to make a positive 
difference through our home 
furnishing and food offers and 
by sharing our knowledge. 
Our work to inspire and enable healthy 
and sustainable living is focused on five 
areas where our offer has a direct impact 
on people's health and ability to
reduce their environmental footprint at
home: air, energy, water, food, and waste. 
In FY23, we broadened our product and 
service offerings in all five focus areas.
Today, four out of ten IKEA store 
visitors live in water-scarce regions. We 
continue to design products that help 
reduce daily water consumption in the 
home. BROGRUND tap is an example 
of a product that enables customers to 
consume less water as well as less energy. 
The integrated cold start function avoids 
the unnecessary use of hot water for daily 
activities, like brushing one's teeth, and 
features a small aerator, reducing water 
flow while preserving pressure. 
We’re a founding member of the 50L 
Home Coalition, a global action-oriented 
initiative focused on developing and 
scaling innovations in water and energy 
use in the home. In FY23, the coalition 
started its first city pilots to tackle water 
scarcity.
Research shows that two of the top 
circular behaviours people engage in are 
repairing broken items and avoiding the 
purchase of home items due to aspects 
of quality or fashion.1 Read more about 
how we are working to transform into a 
circular business (page 15).
 
We continue to work on enabling and 
inspiring consumers to shift towards more 
sustainable behaviours. Part of this work 
has involved finding ways to prolong 
the life of products and raise awareness 
through communication campaigns like 
our global "saving energy campaign". 
Read more about our energy saving 
services (page 10).
As a large provider of food, the IKEA 
business also has a responsibility to 
provide healthier and more sustainable 
food choices. During the year, we 
continued the work of expanding and 
improving our plant-based food offer by 
introducing new products such as the 
plant-based hot dog (page 13).
Inspiring and enabling people to live healthier,
more sustainable lives 
We will develop and promote products, services and home furnishing 
solutions that inspire and enable people to reduce their impact on 
the environment and/or improve their health. We will raise awareness 
and share knowledge on how to live a healthier, more sustainable 
life at home. Our focus is on energy- and water-efficiency, waste 
reduction, healthy and sustainable food, and improving indoor air 
quality. 
Promoting circular and sustainable consumption
We will offer products and solutions designed from the beginning to 
have circular capabilities, a low environmental impact, and be made 
of renewable and/or recycled materials. We will also make it easier to 
acquire, care for and pass on IKEA products in circular ways.
Creating a movement in society around better everyday living 
We will work to make healthy and sustainable living the standard 
practice by inspiring and enabling more sustainable behaviours 
in society. This includes, for example, how we use marketing and 
communication to shape demand. By advocating for policies and 
regulations that support a healthier, more sustainable society, we 
strive to use our influence for the benefit of the many.
1 GlobeScan and IKEA, “Healthy & Sustainable Living Global Consumer Insights”, 2023.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 10:
10 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
FY23 key activities
We continue our work to enable people to be 
more energy efficient at home. 
Bringing renewable energy to customers
IKEA Energy Services1 aims to make it easier for 
IKEA customers to use and produce renewable 
energy at home and to reduce their reliance on 
energy generated from fossil fuels. Through 
IKEA Energy Services, we offer a range of energy 
services with different partners in 11 countries 
so far. Our offerings differ by location and may 
include home solar solutions for self-generated 
renewable electricity, renewable energy 
purchasing subscription options, and affordable 
heat pumps to reduce home energy usage for 
heating and cooling. Expanding our energy-efficient bulbs offer
We continue to develop and grow the range of 
more affordable energy-efficient bulbs, expanding 
the selection of both style and function to enable a 
reduction of electricity consumption in homes.
Launching an energy saving campaign 
In FY23, a campaign was developed and launched 
across 21 markets to raise awareness of energy-
saving actions at home. The campaign highlighted 
products from the IKEA range that can reduce 
energy use, such as bulbs and energy-saving 
appliances, as well as more general ways to create 
an energy efficient and comfortable home.
Energy 
Home solar service
Home solar services, including solar panels 
and where suitable a battery storage 
system or electric vehicle charging points, 
are currently being offered in 11 countries. 
This service enables customers to produce 
their own energy. In FY23, we extended 
our home solar service to customers in 
California, USA working with a leading solar 
technology and energy services provider.
Heat pump 
Working together with Polarpumpen 
in Sweden, this service offer enables 
customers to buy quality heat pumps at 
affordable prices and to potentially use less 
energy to heat and cool their homes. Heat 
pumps can reduce household electricity 
consumption, depending on the heating or 
cooling solution in place before. In its first 
year, about 2,500 households in Sweden 
benefited from the heat pump service.
IKEA is gathering information and 
insights from the heat pump service 
offering subscriptions and will explore the 
possibility of expanding into other markets 
in the future.
Exploring solar-powered light through design
Together with the social business Little Sun, the 
IKEA business created a collection designed to 
raise awareness around the need for alternative 
energy solutions. Launched in March 2023, 
SAMMANLÄNKAD consists of two sun-powered 
LED lamps. The lamps aim to offer individuals 
a first-hand encounter with solar energy within 
the comfort of home settings, fostering dialogue 
about its viability as an alternative energy source.
Little Sun is an organisation dedicated to 
giving more people access to solar energy in 
communities without regular access to electricity, 
primarily in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Enabling awareness of indoor air quality 
at home
We enabled customers to monitor the air 
quality in their homes by launching the 
VINDSTYRKA air quality sensor.
Air
Developing affordable and high-performing 
solutions to enable people to purify the air at 
home is an example of how the IKEA business 
can make a difference and contribute to cleaner 
indoor air quality. 
Read more about how we’re working to create 
cleaner indoor air quality.
An air purifier designed for the home
The indoor air purifier, UPPÅTVIND was 
launched globally.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
1 IKEA Energy Services is a business unit within Ingka Group.

Page 11:
11 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Water
By continuing to develop and improve the 
efficiency of our water-using products, we are 
enabling and inspiring customers to decrease 
their water consumption while potentially 
contributing to energy savings. The water that 
runs through the taps and showers we sell 
makes up 16% of the total water use across the 
IKEA value chain.
Read more about saving water at home. For 
information about water in our supply chain, 
see page 33.
Creating a water recycling shower 
solution
The IKEA business continues to invest 
in the development of a water recycling 
shower solution, which focuses on cleaning 
shower water in a closed-loop system. 
The innovative solution aims to save up to 
80% of water and reduce energy use by up 
to 70% compared to average showers. In 
addition, we are working on establishing 
standards and requirements related 
to compliance and testing. Together 
with Unified Water Label (UWLA) – an 
established water and energy labelling 
scheme for taps and showers in Europe 
– we are investing in the development of 
criteria for the water recycling shower 
solution system. This involves working with 
test laboratories and certification bodies 
to develop requirements and standards 
to support market acceptance and secure 
function and safety. In FY23, there has 
been increased focus on collaborating with 
industry peers and competitors to establish 
new standards for this product type, both 
on a European and international level. 
Accelerating collaboration efforts - 
50L Home Coalition 
In FY23, we started the first city pilots in 
Los Angeles, equipping 32 different homes 
with water metering devices. Together 
with pilot sponsors within the coalition, we 
installed part of the homes with our best-
in-class water-saving solutions to evaluate 
the potential new water-use habits of the 
families that live in them. Read more about 
the initiative to accelerate water innovation 
in cities here.
Raising awareness through design 
In order to inspire more sustainable shower 
habits, the SVÅGAN water meter was launched 
in FY23 as a commercial pilot. The pilot was 
launched in Spain due to the country’s water 
scarcity and in Denmark due to the high cost 
of water in Copenhagen. The product displays 
shower duration, litres of water consumed 
and water temperature in an effort to bring 
awareness to water usage in real-time.
Integrating water-saving technology into 
products and designing products that inspire 
and enable water-efficient living
The LILLREVET hand shower features a pressure-
compensating flow regulator for consistent water 
flow. It consumes 6.8 litres of water per minute¹  
– an improvement over the regular VOXNAN hand 
shower, which consumes 8 litres per minute.¹ 
The ÅBÄCKEN mist nozzle was launched in FY23 
to enable households to reduce their water use. It 
was made available in all IKEA markets starting in 
October 2022. The mist nozzle enables customers 
to reduce bathroom tap water consumption by 
up to 95%. When fitted to the bathroom tap, the 
ÅBÄCKEN mist nozzle reduces the water flow to 
0.25 litres per minute in mist mode and up to 1.9 
litres in spray mode.
LILLREVET consumes less water compared to regular hand showers heads.
1 Independent verification by KIWA Europe & IAPMO.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 12:
12 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Food
Last year, around 700 million customers 
experienced the IKEA food offer at IKEA 
restaurants, bistros and Swedish food markets. 
Throughout FY23, we continued our work to 
improve and expand our plant-based food 
selection. We also continued to work to support 
a dietary shift towards healthier options.
Research shows there’s still a great opportunity 
to continue increasing the amount of plant-
based food consumed through our food offer, 
as 41% of meat-eaters said they would switch to 
plant-based alternatives if they tasted good and 
weren’t more expensive.1 
Adding more plant-based meals to our offer
We continue to work towards our goal that 50% 
of the main meals offered in our restaurants 
will be plant-based2 by 2025. Based on 
estimates shared from 31 IKEA retail markets,3 
just over 30% of the main meals offered in FY23 
were plant-based. 
The food business at IKEA is undergoing a 
transformative change. This transformation has 
impacted both people and systems, which we 
rely upon for reporting purposes. As a result, 
the figures in our FY23 Sustainability Report are 
based on the best available information given 
these ongoing developments.
1 GlobeScan and IKEA, “Healthy & Sustainable Living Global Consumer Insights”, 2023.
2 Meals contain up to 10% animal-produced ingredients, such as dairy, eggs and honey.
3  Operated by Ingka Group.
Supporting a dietary shift towards plant-
based options
We recognise the importance of shifting diets 
toward more plant-based foods as being a key 
step in addressing the challenges in the global 
food system.
Some markets have taken additional steps to 
increase customer appetite for plant-based 
food and thereby grow the plant-based food 
sales share compared to traditional meat 
dishes. IKEA Japan, for example, provided 
enhanced education to co-workers on the 
benefits of plant-based food and worked with 
local suppliers to develop local plant-based 
dishes. Since FY22, plantball sales have steadily 
increased across the country.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 13:
13 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Working to make plant-based food 
affordable and accessible
As of 1 October 2023, we offer plant-
based food at the same or a lower 
price than the animal protein-based 
alternatives in more than 30 markets.1 
This includes veggie balls, plant balls, 
veggie hot dogs, and plant-based soft ice.
Read about our efforts to offer more 
plant-based food.
Today, the plant ball is available in 55 out 
of 62 IKEA markets (close to 90%). Our 
aim is to make the plant ball accessible in 
all markets.
Launching a plant-based hot dog
The hot dog has been an iconic part of the 
IKEA shopping experience for over 40 years. 
Now, we have developed a plant-based 
hot dog as the latest innovative addition 
to the family of plant-based products that 
we offer. We want to inspire even more 
customers to choose plant-based products 
at the same price or at a more affordable 
price compared to animal protein-based 
options.
The plant-based hot dog was well received 
by customers in the 14 IKEA markets across 
Europe, where it launched in FY23. We plan 
to introduce the plant-based hot dog to 
eight additional European markets, with 
expansion to the Australia and US markets 
in FY24.
Developing a plant-based hot dog to 
match the classic IKEA hot dog texture 
was a challenge. We aimed for a sensory 
experience similar to animal protein-based 
hot dogs. Our plant-based version – made 
from rice protein, onion, apple, salt and 
pepper – captures the traditional sausage's 
smoky flavour.
1  Ingka Group is the largest IKEA franchisee.
2 IFNPS classifies foods or beverages as healthier if they have a better nutritional composition compared to equivalent foods from a similar product category. By evaluating 
all our foods this way, we can better work toward making our food healthier.
Supporting a dietary shift toward 
healthier options 
In FY23, we launched guiding principles for 
healthy and nutritious food for children. The 
principles set out to safeguard and create 
clarity in terms of how we work with food 
dedicated to and developed for children. The 
principles also include responsible practices 
for children's marketing and advertising. 
They will function as an important extension 
of the IKEA Food Nutrition Profiling system 
(IFNPS)2 and will provide robust and 
knowledge-based direction to future product 
development and goal setting. 
With the guiding principles established, 
we will now focus on developing and 
implementing new children's dishes that 
meet them, like our plant-based pieces, 
SLAGVERK.
SLAGVERK breaded wheat-based pieces.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 14:
14 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
We continue our work to develop and promote 
products, services and home furnishing 
solutions that inspire and enable people to 
handle and minimise waste at home.
Waste
Striving to offer inspiring sorting 
solutions
In FY23, we launched the LÖVKVAST 
bin with a lid, which is designed to 
enable recycling habits. The design 
allows customers to secure two bags 
simultaneously for separately keeping 
wet and dry waste in a single location.
Introducing a deposit system for food containers in Germany
In FY23, IKEA Germany partnered with RECUP and REBOWL to not 
only fulfil EU obligations but also to make their cups and bowls 
the preferred option for IKEA customers. The reusable packaging 
provides customers with the opportunity to buy their drinks and 
take-away food from the IKEA Bistro in a RECUP cup and REBOWL 
bowl. The cups and bowls can be reused or returned for a refund 
either on-site at the IKEA store or in any of the 12,000 partnered retail 
locations across Germany. This saves both resources (single-use cups 
and packaging) and operational costs.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 15:
15 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Our circularity agenda
Our ambition is to be a 
circular business by 2030. 
We are committed to design 
all of our products with 
circular capabilities. We aim 
to use only renewable or 
recycled materials and to 
provide new solutions for 
our customers to prolong 
the life of products and 
materials.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 16:
16 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
The model (to the right) illustrates the flow of IKEA products 
in a more circular economy – from idea and the sourcing 
of materials to the use of products in customers' homes 
and back into the circular flow for reuse or recycling. We're 
working to eliminate waste, circulate products and materials 
and move away from the use of virgin non-renewable 
materials. We’re also developing more services and products 
to enable customers to participate in the circular economy 
and are continuously working to improve our social and 
environmental impact at every stage of the value chain.
We create products using the IKEA Democratic Design 
principles of form, function, quality, sustainability and low 
price and by applying our Circular Design principles in the 
design phase. Our design thinking considers many aspects 
– like choosing the most suitable materials, always aiming to 
do more with less, and optimising manufacturing methods 
while designing on the factory floor. We also want to prolong 
the life of products by designing with circularity in mind and 
offering products and services that make it possible and 
easier to reuse, refurbish, remanufacture and recycle.
We recognise that the IKEA value chain doesn’t exist in 
isolation. It flows through communities and nature and is 
connected to an infrastructure in society that enables the 
growing circular economy. The IKEA value chain impacts 
people, livelihoods, ecosystems, biodiversity and the climate. 
That’s why we strive to take a full value chain approach 
and work in partnership with franchisees, suppliers, NGOs, 
governments, other businesses and organisations to minimise 
our negative impact on people and the planet. 
We're on a journey to transform the 
IKEA value chain to become circular
Each stage of the IKEA value chain has 
an impact. We are taking many steps to 
mitigate our negative impacts. A crucial 
part of this effort is creating circular 
flows that extend the value of products 
and materials within or outside the 
IKEA value chain. A circular flow of IKEA 
products, as part of a fully circular 
society, is our ambition for the future. 
Remanufacture
(third party)
Refurbish & resell 
(third party)
Resell
Recycle
Recycle
(third party)
Design
and create
Recycled raw materials (third party) Virgin materials (renewable and non-renewable)
IKEA retail
& other operations
Customer travel 
& home deliveries
Product
transport
Production
Product use in 
customers' homes 
Collection and 
handling at
product end-of-life1
OUTSIDE THE IKEA 
VALUE CHAIN
WITHIN THE IKEA 
VALUE CHAIN
Refurbish
Reuse
Remanufacture
Materials & ingredients
1 A majority of the collected products at end-of 
life, today goes to incineration and landfills. 
Our ambition is to completely eliminate this.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 17:
17 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Circularity is key to addressing 
global challenges such 
as climate change and 
biodiversity loss. 
By promoting the principles of "Reduce, 
Reuse, and Recycle", circularity 
emphasises the importance of reducing 
waste and extending the lifespan 
of products. This means that fewer 
resources are needed to produce new 
products, reducing the carbon footprint 
associated with manufacturing, 
transportation, and disposal. 
In FY23, we continued to make progress 
towards our commitments: 
• Continuing our efforts to increase 
the use of recycled materials in our 
products, such as:
- Piloting a small-scale recycled 
down and feather initiative.
- Increasing the share of recycled 
plastic in relevant product ranges 
and moving towards post-
consumer recycled plastic.  
• Further increasing the availability of 
spare parts for customers to prolong 
the life of IKEA products. 
• Continuing our engagement 
and leadership role in European 
standardisation work on furniture 
circularity.
FY23 summary of progressCommitments and goals
• We will aim to design every product from the very 
beginning to be reused, refurbished, remanufactured and 
eventually – after all other possibilities have been explored 
– recycled, by applying our circular product design 
principles during the product development process.
• We aim to only use renewable or recycled materials by 
adapting and finding new sources and developing new 
materials. 
• We will turn waste into resources, aiming to send zero 
waste to landfill.
• We will develop circular solutions for existing and new 
customers to acquire, care for, and pass on products.
• We will take the lead and join forces with others through 
advocacy, collaboration, and business partnerships.
Over the past few years, we have been 
taking several important steps to 
transform into a circular business. In 
FY19, we released the Circular Product 
Design Guide, a publicly available 
guide to designing products with 
circular capabilities. Since its release, 
over 9,500 IKEA products have been 
assessed based on the guide. In FY21, 
we launched our easy-to-use online 
ordering solution to make it easier for 
customers to order extra assembly 
parts. We have also made progress in 
finding new and innovative materials 
in line with our commitment to using 
only renewable or recycled materials, 
and we continued to engage with 
policymakers and other partners to 
advance the transformation towards 
a circular economy through advocacy 
efforts.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 18:
18 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Aiming to design all 
products with circular 
capabilities 
Guided by the Circular Product Design 
Principles, we strive to design products 
from the very beginning to be reused, 
refurbished, remanufactured and/or 
recycled to extend their lifespan as long 
as possible. Products are also material 
banks for the future, meaning they can be 
taken apart and recycled when they are no 
longer functioning.
FY23 key activities
Piloting a start-up for recycling 
down and feathers 
This year, we piloted a new 
initiative in Belgium, Germany 
and the Netherlands that 
encourages our customers to 
bring back products filled with 
down and feathers, that are no 
longer being used, for recycling 
into GULKAVLE pillows and 
FJÄLLBRÄCKA duvets. 
The first step to ensuring products last 
longer is to enable customers to care for 
their products throughout the time they 
own them.
Maintaining large furniture pieces with 
textile surfaces can be challenging. 
In FY23, we introduced several big 
furniture pieces with removable and 
machine washable fabric covers, such 
as the KLEPPSTAD bed frame, PERSBOL 
armchair, SAGESUND upholstered bed and 
STRANDMON slipcover. By introducing 
more products with removable and 
washable fabric covers, we make it easier 
for customers to care for and maintain 
their products.
Making it easy to 
maintain furniture 
through product design
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 19:
19 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Increasing the availability of spare parts 
to prolong the life of products
During FY23, we provided 23.2 million 
assembly parts1 (FY22: 21.5 million) to 
enable our customers to prolong the life 
of products. We also continued working on 
solutions to provide furniture spare parts2 
for customers. Our aim is to offer easy, 
convenient and affordable solutions for our 
customers.
Developing circular solutions for existing and new customers 
to acquire, care for, and pass on products
We want to encourage and enable our 
customers to acquire, care for, and pass on 
their products in circular ways by providing 
convenient solutions.
Aiming to only use renewable or recycled materials by adapting 
and finding new sources and developing new materials
Renewable and recyclable materials are key 
to becoming a circular business. We continue 
our work to optimise the use of materials for 
our home furnishing solutions, aiming to use 
only responsibly sourced renewable or recycled 
materials. Read more about our secondary raw 
materials (recycled) on page 42. 
The amount of materials used in the IKEA range is 
based on estimations for most types of materials. 
Accurate yearly figures for different amounts of 
materials continue to only be available for wood 
and paper. Therefore, there are no updates to the 
figures shared in FY21, where we reported that 
56% of the materials we sourced were renewable 
and 17% were recycled. Read more about recycled 
materials on page 42.
Examples of increasing the share of 
recycled plastic
HÅLLBAR
The HÅLLBAR collection, consisting of a series 
of sorting bins designed to meet waste sorting 
needs, was launched in 2020. Products in 
the HÅLLBAR collection are going through a 
transition to being made from recycled sources.
To date, IKEA plastic products produced in 
Europe contain at least 70% recycled content, 
where more than half of it comes from post-
consumer sources such as household plastic 
waste. The same journey is ongoing in the 
other production regions, resulting in lowering 
the CO2 on a material level by approximately 
60% compared to if entirely made from fossil 
virgin plastic. 
UPPDATERA
Moving from recycled polythylene 
terephthalate (PET) to recycled polypropylene 
(PP) in our UPPDATERA products (consisting of 
multi-use plastic boxes) lowered CO2 emissions 
on a material level by approximately 12%. The 
lower emissions of PP are mainly driven by the 
lower energy consumption of recycling plastic 
than for PET. Additionally, this change provided 
better affordability for customers.
Read more about the climate footprint of 
materials in the IKEA Climate Report FY23.
1 Assembly parts are small fittings, such as nuts, bolts and screws, that hold together the main component parts of a piece of furniture. They are identifiable in 
assembly instructions of products with a series number. Assembly parts can be ordered and delivered for free through an online tool on the IKEA website.
2 Furniture spare parts are replaceable parts of furniture which are not assembly parts, for instance, back and seat cushions, upholstered covers, armrests 
door fronts, drawer parts, panels, bed slats, shelves, tabletops and legs, handles, etc.
UPPDATERA plastic boxes, now made from recycled 
polypropylene (PP), have a lower climate footprint than before 
while being more affordable.
Giving old or unwanted furniture 
a second life
Through Buyback & Resell, customers 
in 28 markets can bring back IKEA 
furniture to one of our stores and receive 
a voucher to spend in-store or online. A 
majority of returned items are resold via 
our As-Is areas. Any items not resold are 
recycled or donated to local community 
projects. Over 211,600 customers used 
the service in FY23 (FY22: 105,000) and 
gave 430,000 (FY22: 230,000) items a 
second life. 
Despite our Buyback service, we know 
that many people still dispose of furniture 
that is in good condition and could be 
reused. In Norway, we are trialing a new 
partnership with the municipality of Oslo 
to create a dedicated collection point for 
unwanted IKEA furniture at the Haraldrud 
municipal recycling centre. Returned IKEA 
furniture will be checked, cleaned and 
resold in our As-Is areas. We hope this 
will improve convenience for customers 
and increase the amount of good quality 
IKEA furniture that we can resell.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 20:
20 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Preventing products and materials from 
becoming waste and turning waste that cannot 
be avoided into resources are key to a circular 
economy. By taking a holistic approach that 
involves product design, production, supply 
chain management and customer engagement, 
we aim to turn waste into resources and send 
zero waste to landfill.
Textile to textile initiative 
In FY23, IKEA Taiwan collaborated with 
range development to repurpose curtains 
unfit for sale or returned from customers 
by using their fabric to create tote bags. As 
part of this initiative, a collaboration was 
established with the Taiwanese Industrial 
Development Administration and the 
Ministry of Economic Affairs to promote 
textile recycling.
Waste performance at IKEA Industry
This year, we’ve continued working with our 
Five Main Fractions methodology – where 
all production units analyse their situation 
and focus on five fractions: the largest 
volume, the most hazardous one, mixed 
fraction, the most expensive, and fractions 
to landfill. Each factory prioritises and sets 
up a plan on how to act, test and evaluate 
ways to minimise, reuse, recycle or send 
waste to energy recovery. After testing 
and evaluation, a scaling-up project will be 
evaluated the year after. In FY23, 9 units out 
of 21 (FY22: 9) successfully achieved the goal 
of sending no waste to landfill.
A focus point and challenge for IKEA Industry 
has been to find sustainable alternatives 
for ash from bio-boilers and glue water 
from production processes. We will conduct 
additional testing on these topics in FY24.
Halving food waste in line with the SDGs
In June 2023, the World Resources Institute 
(WRI) recognised the IKEA business for 
halving food waste (compared to the FY17 
baseline, in meal preparation at IKEA 
restaurants) in line with the Sustainable 
Development Goal (SDG) 12.3,1 setting an 
example for other companies. 
Using ceramic production waste 
to make new tableware
Making ceramics from waste materials has 
long been a big challenge in the ceramics 
industry. Together with one of our suppliers, 
we are now producing brand new ceramics for 
the SILVERSIDA tableware range from scrap 
materials. Launched in FY23, the SILVERSIDA 
product series represents the first example 
of how we are successfully using ceramic 
production waste to make new tableware. 
SILVERSIDA products are made up of 65-70% 
internal factory waste. This innovation will 
open up future possibilities for developing 
flows for recycling post-consumer ceramic 
material, which would otherwise end up in a 
landfill or downcycling.
Turning waste into resources, aiming to send zero waste to landfill
From BLANDA to BÄRFIS
One of the ways we aim to prevent waste 
generation is through product design. For 
example, products in our range such as the 
BÄRFIS over the door hook rack are made 
of the offcut material from the BLANDA 
bamboo bowl.
1 World Resources Institute, "IKEA Becomes First Global Company to Halve Food Waste", 2023. 
Phasing out plastic packaging
In FY21, we set a new goal to phase 
out single-use plastic in our consumer 
packaging by 2028, and by FY25 launch 
all new products in our home furnishing 
range without plastic packaging. At the 
time, less than 10% of the total annual 
volume of packaging material consisted 
of plastics. To reduce that figure further, 
we've shifted our focus to packaging made 
from paper or fibre-based alternatives. As a 
result, compared to FY21, we have reduced 
the amount of plastic packaging used for 
consumer goods by approximately 47% 
and in total packaging (including consumer 
packs, multipacks, unit loads, and handling 
materials) by approximately 44%.
Some key movements that enable the 
reduction include a move towards paper 
pallets, paper-based materials replacing 
plastic bags and wrappers, solid paper 
constructions replacing blister packs, fibre-
based fitting bags and honeycomb paper 
fillers, to name a few.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 21:
21 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Taking the lead and joining forces with others through 
advocacy, collaboration, and business partnerships
Our commitment to sharing knowledge and 
working together with others to advance the 
transformation towards the circular economy 
continues through our engagement efforts. 
While we continue to learn more about our own 
business capabilities within these areas, we also 
engage in open dialogue with policymakers and 
other partners. 
A common theme that has arisen through our 
numerous advocacy engagements is the need 
for a more harmonised approach to regulation. 
This includes enabling more consistent trade 
and customs practices, an aligned language, and 
setting a stable foundation for all stakeholders 
across the global economy.
Engaging and leading in European 
standardisation work for furniture 
circularity
The leadership to set new circular 
economy standards for the furniture 
industry continues under CEN Technical 
committee (TC207-WG10) – furniture 
circularity. In FY23, this European 
Standardisation Committee appointed 
an IKEA representative as the convenor 
to lead the work on evolving new 
methodologies for circular product design 
strategies. 
The first standard (EN 17902 Furniture - 
Circularity - Evaluation method for dis/
re-assembly capability) was approved by 
European National Members in October 
2023 and will be officially published in 
2024. Additionally, the committee has 
agreed on and started working on three 
new projects as potential future standards 
for the subjects around repairability/
refurbishment, product lifetime/durability, 
and remanufacturing. 
Continuing to support the ongoing work 
of the EU Green Deal  
As policymakers advance the roll-out of 
the EU Circular Economy Action Plan, we 
continue to support their efforts by offering 
fact- and experience-based insights and 
contributions. 
During FY23, we welcomed the legislative 
proposal for an Ecodesign for Sustainable 
Products Regulation, we offered feedback 
on the most important design elements 
to drive circularity, and we supported 
the inclusion of products such as textiles, 
furniture, and mattresses in the forthcoming 
EU rules. We also advocated the importance 
of certain incentives and preconditions for 
circular development, such as incentives 
that enable more reuse and repair, setting a 
modern definition of "waste", and a scalable 
market for secondary raw materials.
Together with the European Furniture 
Industries Confederation (EFIC) and 
EuroCommerce, we advanced the debate 
within a broader industry context, aiming 
at contributing to progress in areas such as 
ecodesign criteria and the digital product 
passport.
Renewing our collaboration with the Ellen 
McArthur Foundation
We renewed our partnership agreement 
with the Ellen McArthur Foundation – a 
non-profit organisation committed to 
creating a circular economy – in FY23. We 
will continue working together to accelerate 
the transformation to circular economy, 
as well as actively share our learnings and 
experiences along the way.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 22:
22 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Our climate agenda
By FY30, we are committed to 
becoming climate positive by 
reducing more greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions than the 
IKEA value chain emits, while 
growing the IKEA business. 
This will be achieved without 
relying on carbon offsetting. 
This is how we contribute 
to limiting the global 
temperature increase to 1.5°C 
by the end of the century.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 23:
23 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
Commitments and goals
1
2
Drastically reducing GHG emissions 
across the IKEA value chain, in 
absolute terms
Removing and storing carbon from the 
atmosphere through forestry, agriculture 
and products within our value chain
Reducing the IKEA climate 
footprint in line with 1.5°C
Reducing more emissions than 
the IKEA value chain emits
Contributing to additional 
reductions in society2
3 Going beyond IKEA
1 Excluding production, product transport, co-worker commuting and 
business travel.
2 An effect that's in addition to what's required to reduce the IKEA 
value chain emissions to be aligned with the 1.5°C target and will 
never act as any discount or offset to reach the GHG emission 
reduction goal.
Going beyond IKEA  
We will contribute to additional reductions in 
society by taking an extended responsibility for 
the climate footprint of our customers, suppliers 
and in our sourcing areas – not just the part 
which we can account for in the IKEA climate 
footprint. A strategic goal for this will be set once 
the guidance for “removing and storing carbon” 
is ready and when the framework for going 
beyond has been developed by SBTi. We are 
already taking actions that we know will have a 
positive contribution, even though a goal has not 
yet been set.  
We firmly believe that we need to address the 
root causes of our climate footprint within 
our own value chain or in connection to our 
customers, suppliers, and sourcing areas. We will 
not use carbon offsets to achieve our ambition to 
reach net-zero emissions. 
Drastically reducing GHG emissions across 
the IKEA value chain, in absolute terms 
The overall goal is, by FY30, to reduce the 
absolute GHG emissions from the IKEA value 
chain by at least 50% compared to FY16 
(previous goal was a 15% reduction). By FY50 
at the latest, we will reduce the absolute GHG 
emissions from the IKEA value chain by at least 
90% compared to FY16.
As a result of our new net-zero goals, we have 
either updated or set new goals for most parts 
of our value chain.1 For materials, we have 
set the goal to at least halve our emissions 
by FY30 compared to FY16 baseline. For 
food ingredients, we have updated our FY30 
goal from -25% to -50% emissions reduction 
compared to FY16. For product use at home, 
we have set our FY30 goal to -70% emissions 
reduction compared to FY16. We have also set a 
FY30 goal for reduced emissions from product 
end-of-life by 30% compared to FY16.
During FY23, we aligned our strategic 
climate goals with the 1.5°C trajectory 
and the Net-Zero Standard by Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We 
submitted our goals to SBTi mid-
November 2023 and validation is 
currently pending.
Our main priority is drastically reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions across the IKEA 
value chain. Any remaining emissions will be 
neutralised – reaching net-zero emissions by 
FY50 at the latest – by removing and storing 
carbon from the atmosphere through better 
forest and agricultural management practices 
within the IKEA value chain. Additionally, we 
will go beyond net zero and go beyond IKEA by 
contributing to additional reductions in society.
Read more about our work on climate change, 
including a detailed breakdown of our climate 
footprint in the IKEA Climate Report FY23.
1
2
3
Removing and storing carbon from the 
atmosphere through forestry, agriculture 
and products within our value chain
Storing carbon in trees and agricultural crops 
used for materials, food, and fuels removes 
CO2 from the atmosphere. If the land is also 
responsibly managed, it has the potential to 
reduce climate impact. In contrast to carbon 
offsets, the removals and storage occur within 
the IKEA value chain and are part of how we 
responsibly source materials for the IKEA range.
A strategic goal will be set once the Land Sector 
and Removals Guidance by GHG Protocol is 
finalised, which is expected to be in the summer of 
2024. This accounting guidance is the final piece 
since the establishment of the Forestry, Agriculture 
and Land (FLAG) target setting standard by SBTi 
established in September 2022. Even though a goal 
has yet to be set, we're pursuing actions that we 
know will make a positive contribution.

Page 24:
24 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
IKEA climate footprint
FY23FY16 Goal FY30 compared to baseline (FY16)
FY30: 15.5
FY16: 31.01 Baseline
FY22: 27.21 -12% (vs FY16)
FY23: 24.1 -22% (vs FY16)
-50% (vs FY16)
Materials
IKEA retail & other 
operations
Product use at home
Customer travel & 
home deliveries
Product transport & 
logistics services
Food ingredients
Production
Product end-of-life
Co-worker commuting 
& business travel
Other2
The largest portion of the IKEA climate footprint comes from raw 
material extraction and processing (46.6%) and IKEA product use in 
customers’ homes (15.9%), which includes the energy consumption 
of lighting and appliances over the lifetime of a product.
For a full breakdown of the climate footprint accounting, scope 1, 2 
and 3 emissions, read the IKEA Climate Report FY23.
Performance vs. baseline FY16 (million tonnes CO2 eq) Climate footprint at each stage of the IKEA value chain (million tonnes CO2 eq)
FY16 Baseline0.86
FY23 -0.3% (vs FY16)0.86
-50% Goal FY30 compared to FY16
FY16 Baseline3.5
FY23 -32% (vs FY16)2.4
-80% Goal FY30 compared to FY16
FY17 Baseline (FY17, due to incomplete FY16 data)  1.4
FY23 -28% (vs FY17)1.0
Goal FY30: -70% in relative terms compared to FY17
-27% (vs FY16)
0.58FY16
FY23 0.42
Baseline
Goal FY30 compared to FY16-80%
FY16
FY23
Baseline
+18% (vs FY16)
Goal: No goal as these climate footprints are currently not actively addressed, but will come as the agenda develops
0.31
0.36
FY16
FY23
Baseline
-10% (vs FY16)
Goal FY30: -50% in relative terms compared to FY16
0.50
0.45
FY16 Baseline12.1
FY23 -7% (vs FY16)11.2
-50% Goal FY30 compared to FY16
FY16
FY23
Baseline
-12% (vs FY16)
1.7
1.5
 -30% Goal FY30 compared to FY16
FY16
FY23
Baseline
-5% (vs FY16)
2.1
2.0
 -30% Goal FY30 compared to FY16
FY16
FY23
Baseline
-52% (vs FY16)
8.0
3.8
Goal FY30 compared to FY16-70%
Goal FY30
Reduce by at least 50% in absolute terms compared to 
baseline FY16. Our previous goal for FY30 was a 15% 
reduction. Our new goals were submitted to SBTi in mid-
November 2023 and are currently pending approval.
In FY23, the total IKEA climate footprint decreased by 3.2 million 
tonnes of CO2 eq in absolute terms compared to FY22 – a 
reduction of 12%. The reduction in FY23 was attributed to the 
continued increase in renewable electricity use at both retail and 
production units, energy efficiency improvements in our lighting 
range and lower production volumes.
1 Historical figures are revised only if data quality or calculation methodologies improve.
2 Includes the climate footprints of capital goods, materials connected to retail equipment and 
co-worker clothing, and waste generated in IKEA operations.

Page 25:
25 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
FY23 summary of progress
1. Drastically reducing GHG emissions across the IKEA value chain, in absolute terms
In FY23, the IKEA climate footprint is estimated to be 
24.1 million tonnes CO2 eq in absolute terms, which 
is a decrease of 12% compared to FY22 and 22% 
compared to baseline FY16. The reduction in FY23 was 
attributed to the continued increase in renewable 
electricity use at both retail and production units, 
energy efficiency improvements in our lighting range 
and lower production volumes. Due to an overstock 
situation at the beginning of the year, our produced 
volume declined in FY23. We came into FY23 with 
challenges that were lagging from an unpredictable 
business climate, supply chain constraints and high 
inflationary pressure from previous years.
In IKEA retail & other operations, the share of 
renewable energy increased from 63% in FY22 to 
69% in FY23, with the share of renewable electricity 
increasing from 75% to 77%. 
In production, the renewable electricity share 
increased from 63% in FY22 to 71% in FY23, while 
the renewable energy share remained flat at 48%. 
The flat trend in renewable energy is mainly due to 
a significant decrease in biofuel use related to the 
close-down of our production facilities in Russia and 
an increase in on-site coal consumption at some of 
our suppliers. A total of 142 additional factories or 
suppliers achieved 100% renewable electricity in FY23, 
bringing the total to 408, which constitutes 37% of our 
direct suppliers.¹
For product transport, the share of alternative fuels, 
such as biogas and electricity, increased from 6% to 
10%. For logistics service units, such as warehouses, 
the renewable electricity share increased from 86% to 
90%.
Product use at home represents the second-largest 
portion of the IKEA climate footprint, and since the 
baseline FY16, greenhouse gas emissions have more 
than halved. Compared to FY22, we saw an emissions 
reduction of 13% in FY23. The reduction is attributed 
to a 6% improvement in energy efficiency (lumen per 
Watt) of the lighting range, as well as a 3% reduction 
in sales quantity (pieces). External factors such as 
improvements in the renewable energy share for 
electricity grids in our retail markets also contributed 
to 4% of the emissions reduction.
Materials used in IKEA products account for the 
largest part of our climate footprint. The footprint 
of materials (including the share of recycled or 
renewable materials) is mainly based on estimations. 
While lower production volumes in FY23 did contribute 
partly to the decline in the material footprint, we also 
had several material developments during the year. 
Read more in the IKEA Climate Report FY23.
1  Includes home furnishing, components and media print suppliers but excludes 
food suppliers.

Page 26:
26 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
The IKEA climate footprint in both absolute and relative terms
FY16 FY21 FY22 FY23
Climate footprint (upstream) per m3 produced volume incl. food, indexed vs. baseline FY16
(million tonnes CO2 eq per million produced m3)
Climate footprint (downstream) per sold volume, indexed vs. baseline FY16
(million tonnes CO2 eq per million sold volume m3)
Climate footprint of the total IKEA value chain both upstream and downstream
(million tonnes CO2 eq)
110%
100%
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
0.48
0.45
0.44
0.48
31.0
28.7
27.2
24.10.26
0.25 0.26
0.36
While our absolute footprint was down in 
FY23 by 12%, our relative footprint grew by 
9% upstream (produced volume) and 2% 
downstream (sold volume), compared with FY22. 
Our upstream supply chain includes materials, 
food ingredients, production, product transport 
and logistics services and downstream includes 
IKEA retail, co-worker commuting and business 
travel, customer travel and home deliveries, 
product use at home and product end-of-life.
Our calculation methodology for production 
uses a spend-based allocation (share of EUR 
purchased) for supplier factory emissions, which 
determines the IKEA share of GHG emissions, 
so the increase of relative emissions in FY23 can 
be largely attributed to the effects of inflation. 
That is, more GHG emissions were allocated to 
the IKEA business even if our actual production 
at supplier factories was comparable to previous 
years. 
In addition, the climate footprint of material, the 
largest portion of our footprint, is largely based 
on estimations which today do not account for 
the various positive movements we've made in 
the business such as the introduction of more 
recycled and renewable materials. As a result of 
the digitalisation of data collection, we aim to 
provide more accurate data in the FY24 report. 
As a part of our net-zero goal setting, we launched 
a comprehensive business consequence analysis to 
identify the actions needed to halve emissions by FY30 
compared to our FY16 baseline. These action plans will 
provide the foundation for our continued reduction of 
overall emissions and should reverse the increase in 
relative emissions we saw in FY23.


Page 27:
27 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
FY23 key activities across the IKEA value chain to drastically reduce GHG emissions
Increasing the renewable electricity 
share in production
The share of renewable electricity for 
production increased from 63% in FY22 
to 71% in FY23. Significant increases were 
achieved in China, India and Vietnam. 
These movements were supported by 
our renewable electricity programme 
for suppliers, which is now active in 13 
supplier markets.
Halving emissions from product use at 
home
Emissions from product use at home 
includes the electricity consumption of 
lighting, home electronics and appliances 
and the burning of candles. Compared 
to the FY16 baseline, we have managed 
to more than halve these emissions. This 
means that an estimated 4 million tonnes 
CO2 eq less will be emitted over the lifespan 
of our products sold in FY23 compared to 
FY16. The main drivers of this reduction 
include a significant improvement in the 
energy efficiency of products over the 
years, as well as an increase in renewable 
electricity in electricity grids in the 
markets where our customers live and 
use our products. This is considered when 
estimating the climate footprint of product 
use at home.
Moving towards 100% renewable 
energy in IKEA retail & other operations
The share of renewable energy consumed 
in IKEA retail & other operations, which 
includes our stores and other customer 
meeting points, increased from 63% in 
FY22 to 69% in FY23. This was mainly 
driven by an increase in renewable 
heating in Germany (+37 percentage 
points), followed by Lithuania (+18 
percentage points) and the Czech 
Republic (+16 percentage points), which 
increased the overall share of renewable 
heating from 22% in FY22 to 32% in FY23. 
At the same time, the share of renewable 
electricity increased marginally from 75% 
in FY22 to 77% in FY23.
Introducing bio-based glue into the IKEA 
range
The Kazlų Rūda factory in Lithuania became 
the first IKEA Industry factory to use bio-
based glue. This is an important first step 
in the work to reduce the climate footprint 
from glue by 30% by FY30. As glue in board 
materials represents 5% of the total climate 
footprint within the IKEA value chain, such 
a decrease will have a significant impact on 
our climate footprint.
Towards the phase-out of coal- and fossil 
oil-based fuels in production
After a decrease from 11% in FY16 to 7% in 
FY22 (in terms of kWh), the share of coal- 
and fossil oil-based fuels increased to 9% 
in FY23. Our GHG calculation methodology 
uses a spend-based allocation (share of EUR 
purchased) for supplier factory emissions, 
which determines the IKEA share of GHG 
emissions. In FY23, there was a greater 
allocation of coal use to the IKEA business – 
an increase which is largely attributable to 
the effects of inflation.
Our remaining suppliers who use coal 
on-site have committed roadmaps and 
deployment plans to secure the complete 
substitution of coal with renewable energy.

Page 28:
28 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
2. Removing and storing carbon from the atmosphere through 
forestry, agriculture, and products within the IKEA value chain
Above is a simplified model illustrating an example of removing and storing carbon through the establishment of 
fast-growing tree plantations plus restoration of natural forests on degraded land, including the effect of prolonging 
the carbon storage through wood-based products and recycling. Trees from responsibly managed forest plantations absorb 
substantial amounts of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the atmosphere. When trees are made into wood-based products, they act as 
temporary carbon storage. This storage effect can be extended through reuse, refurbishment, remanufacturing and recycling of 
the material at end-of-life. In resilient landscapes, the contribution of responsibly managed forest plantations towards climate 
change mitigation, and the many contributions of natural forests, in terms of biodiversity or soil protection, for example, have to 
be considered together. A holistic view, where we balance forest growth, harvest, carbon storage in land and products and other 
environmental services, such as biodiversity, is critical.
DECADES
By prolonging the life of wood-based products, 
the removed carbon remains stored even longer.
By recycling the wood at the end of a product's 
life, the removed carbon continues to be stored. 
Natural forests play a crucial role in climate change mitigation. In this 
example, they grow slower than the plantation and reach an even state 
of carbon removed and stored. At the same time, these areas are of great 
importance due to their already stored carbon and biodiversity. They need to 
be an integral part of any landscape approach to secure healthy ecosystems.
When logged, CO2 remains stored in products 
made from wood (An estimated lifetime of 20 
years has been used for wood-based products 
and excludes the effects of recycling.)
Forest plantations grow 
faster than natural forests, 
as described below, and can 
remove carbon from the 
atmosphere at a higher pace.
REMOVED AND STORED CARBON
Increasing the level 
of removed and 
stored carbonDuring FY23, we continued our contribution to 
the work of the GHG Protocol in developing their 
Land Sector and Removals Guidance. The guidance 
will secure principles on how to account for and 
report GHG emissions and carbon removals and 
storage connected to land use and products made 
with renewable materials. Throughout the project, 
the IKEA business has been part of the Advisory 
Committee and Technical Working Groups. During 
FY23, we also contributed by conducting pilots in the 
IKEA supply chain during the public consultation and 
piloting phases.
The guidance provides the accounting principles for 
the target setting standard by the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi) on land-based emissions and 
removals from Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) – 
work that we have also contributed to.
The guidance is now expected to be completed 
during the summer of 2024. Once the guidance 
has been completed, we will set a strategic goal 
for removing and storing carbon through forestry, 
agriculture and products as part of our climate 
agenda. That goal will define the ambition level for 
carbon removals and storage by FY30 and how we 
will neutralise any remaining GHG emissions after 
reducing them by at least 90% by FY50 at the latest.
While our goal is pending, we’re still taking action 
to improve carbon removals and storage. One 
such initiative is the EUR 100 million financing of a 
carbon removal and storage programme. As a part 
of this programme, in 2022 we started a five-year 
engagement to work with smallholder farmers in 
Vietnam to prolong acacia rotation. The benefits 
for the climate and income for the farmers in this 
project are expected to be significant.

Page 29:
29 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
3. Going beyond IKEA by taking an extended responsibility for customers and suppliers
In FY21, our methodology to measure going beyond 
IKEA was finalised. However, it remained a challenge 
to measure and follow up across the IKEA business 
in a consistent way. Addressing this is a prerequisite 
to setting a strategic goal. However, it's important to 
note that while no strategic goal has been set, we're 
already actively working with actions that are part of 
the going beyond IKEA agenda.
To secure that the actions are part of the IKEA 
business transformation, all actions and activities 
for going beyond IKEA are connected to the IKEA 
value chain. This means that they are either part 
of the IKEA range, supplier base or sourcing area. 
The impact of going beyond IKEA initiatives will not 
contribute towards our emission reduction goals in 
our net-zero commitment and therefore should not 
be viewed as an offset.
Therefore, any contribution must be within one of 
the following three areas: 
Resource use at home
Solutions enabling the generation of renewable 
energy like, for example, the SOLSTRÅLE home 
solar offer.1 It also includes solutions to improve the 
efficiency of energy- and water-consuming products 
when used as intended. One example is the recently 
1 In FY23, the SOLSTRÅLE home solar offer was available in the following markets: Australia, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, The Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland.
2 This excludes lighting, appliances, taps, showers and circular services or solutions since they are already accounted for as GHG emissions in the IKEA climate footprint. Any improvement of these is accounted for in the IKEA climate footprint (drastically reducing GHG emissions) instead of going beyond IKEA.
launched ÅBÄCKEN water nozzle, which can enable 
customers to save up to 95% of water used in taps 
at home.2
Renewable energy for suppliers 
Actions by the IKEA business to convert our supplier 
partners to 100% renewable energy for their entire 
factory or operations, not just the IKEA share of their 
business.
 
Improving forestry and agriculture in IKEA 
sourcing areas
Actions by the IKEA business to improve forestry or 
agricultural practices for the total surroundings/
landscape where we source raw materials. The 
possibility of following up on this impact will be 
enabled through the Land Sector and Removals 
Guidance by GHG Protocol. To avoid overestimating 
the contribution, we're only accounting for the 
contribution occurring each year instead of adding 
up the total GHG emissions avoided since baseline 
FY16.
 
This year, we're only disclosing the effect of resource 
use at home through the SOLSTRÅLE home solar 
offer. While most parts of the digitalisation for 
climate footprint reporting are now ready, going 
beyond IKEA remains to be done. The going beyond 
IKEA contribution from suppliers will be followed up 
on in the FY24 Climate Report. 
In FY23, the SOLSTRÅLE home solar offer was 
available in 11 IKEA markets.1 The total avoided 
emissions through the renewable electricity it 
generated was approximately 0.10 million tonnes 
CO2 eq (-55% compared to FY22). This is calculated 
as the effect of the electricity in the national grid, 
which the renewable electricity from home solar 
replaces. The average effect is calculated for the 
lifetime of the home solar panels, similar to how 
the climate footprint for product use at home is 
calculated for lighting and appliances.
FY16 FY22 FY23
0.10
0.23
0.09
Millions of tonnes CO2 eq avoided through SOLSTRÅLE home solar.

Page 30:
30 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Regenerating resources, protecting 
ecosystems, and improving biodiversity
Our ambition for 2030 is to regenerate resources 
while growing1 the IKEA business. We aim to only 
use responsibly sourced renewable or recycled 
materials in our offer and have a positive 
impact by regenerating resources, protecting 
ecosystems and improving biodiversity. This also 
means working to identify, prevent, mitigate, 
and address any potential negative impact on 
people linked to our business activities. We are 
dependent on materials and ingredients for our 
home furnishing offer and food products, and 
we will always work to find new ways to do more 
with less.
1 The term "growing" in this context refers to the link between business growth and increased consumption of raw materials. 
Our ambition to "decouple material use from growth" reflects our aim to reach more customers with IKEA products but 
without a proportional rise in the volume of material resources we use. 
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 31:
31 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
In FY23, we continued to work across 
and map supply chains and secure best 
practices for the responsible sourcing 
of materials used in our products. 
We’re striving to always take a holistic 
perspective when it comes to avoiding 
and decreasing negative impacts from 
our supply chains on both people and the 
planet.
Progress within our four material blocks 
during FY23 includes: 
• Forestry (wood): Together with 
the Forest Stewardship Council® 
(FSC®), we’re working to gain a better 
understanding of how FSC-certified 
forests impact biodiversity (page 35).
• Agriculture: We are developing IWAY 
requirements that we will use to guide 
our efforts on responsible sourcing of 
agricultural raw materials. Currently, 
we are piloting projects as part of our 
increased efforts to measure and scale 
regenerative agriculture across our 
value chain and have become active 
members of One Planet Business for 
Biodiversity (OP2B) (page 38).
• Inorganics: We completed pilot 
mappings of prioritised IKEA supply 
chains back to their source for 
inorganic raw materials (page 41).
• Secondary raw materials (recycled): 
We’re supporting the development of 
a standard that promotes responsible 
waste management practices. We 
joined The Circulate Initiative (TCI) 
forum in support of the TCI Responsible 
Sourcing Initiative, which aims to 
improve human rights across recycled 
plastic value chains in ways that can 
be measured, managed, and are 
compliant with regulations (page 42).
Working to responsibly source raw 
materials is a continuous and long-term 
endeavour. Collaborating with suppliers, 
policymakers, governments, industry 
partners, NGOs, experts and other 
brands fosters context for change and 
improvement in our supply chains.
FY23 summary of progressCommitments and goals
• Continue to secure and develop responsible sourcing standards 
for raw materials that include environmental, social and animal 
welfare criteria.
• Continue to source wood from more sustainable sources,1 
promoting responsible forest management to eliminate forest 
degradation and deforestation and going beyond our supply 
chain. Using innovative approaches to forest management, 
protection, restoration and regeneration.
• Lead regenerative projects on degraded land, deforested areas 
and agriculturally cultivated areas.
• Become good water stewards by leading and developing water 
stewardship programmes. Leading regenerative projects to 
clean polluted waters and protect biodiversity, specifically 
focusing on leading projects to clean plastic pollutants from 
oceans.
• Continue to source wood, cotton, food, and other raw materials 
from more sustainable sources (supported by credible external 
sustainability standards and systems). 
• Providing and promoting services, solutions, inspiration 
and offering easy access to knowledge to prolong the life of 
products and materials. Inviting and enabling customers and 
other partners to be part of the solution by making it easy to 
acquire, care for, and pass on products.
1 We define more sustainable sources as FSC-certified or recycled wood.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 32:
32 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
FY23 key activities
The world is experiencing a biodiversity 
crisis.1 The human-caused loss of species, 
ecosystems and genetic diversity is one 
of the greatest challenges of our time. 
The IKEA business impacts and depends 
on biodiversity mostly through the direct 
and indirect use of land, sea, freshwater 
and raw materials.  
 
During FY23, we continued the work of 
understanding our impact and dependency on 
biodiversity across our value chain according to the 
Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) guidance. 
As a SBTN Corporate Engagement Program 
participant, we’ve had the opportunity to use 
some of the methods and tools prior to their wider 
release and to provide feedback on their feasibility. 
Based on the publicly released guidance, we will 
reassess our impact work to align with the improved 
methodology.
We are continuously evaluating various methods, 
including the Taskforce for Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures (TNFD) framework, to increase the 
transparency of our reporting on nature-related 
dependencies, impacts, risks, and opportunities.
Biodiversity
1 Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES), "Global Assessment Report on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services", 2019
Continued advocacy for biodiversity 
regulations and reporting
We participated in the European Business and 
Biodiversity Forum in June 2023, hosted by 
WWF-France, which discussed the next steps 
for both the private and public sectors. The 
focus of the forum was on how the changing 
regulatory context is making it mandatory for 
companies to pay attention to and accelerate 
the biodiversity agenda, including increasingly 
complex reporting requirements. The IKEA 
business shares the concerns voiced during 
the forum.
Insights from research on a unique 25-year 
forest restoration programme
Launched in 1998, the Sow a Seed project 
in Sabah, Borneo, aimed to restore 18,500 
hectares of rainforest degraded by logging 
and fire. 
A main part of the initiative included scientific 
research, supported by IKEA funding. In FY23 
a postdoctoral position ended, scientifically 
concluding that biodiversity improvements in 
the area.
Key lessons learned include the creation of a 
valuable natural resource, the adaptability of 
tree species selection, the impact of planted 
trees in disturbed areas, the importance of 
tree diversity for broader biodiversity and the 
potential of genetic variation in native trees 
for reforestation. Read more about research 
by the Swedish University of Agricultural 
Sciences (SLU) related to Sow a Seed.
Reviving nature through the establishment 
of biodiversity parks in India 
In FY23, WWF-India, with the support of the 
IKEA business, developed three biodiversity 
parks in India in an effort to restore cotton 
ecosystems through regenerative agriculture 
practices. These parks host habitats for 
butterflies, bees and other pollinators, 
supporting the conservation of biodiversity 
in the area. Restoring cotton ecosystems 
not only supports pollinators, but also local 
communities by improving conditions for 
cotton fibre production.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 33:
33 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Water stewardship
1 Audits of water management and effluent water treatment plants in our supply chain are conducted annual. Read more about IWAY, the IKEA supplier code of conduct.
Our ambition is to be good water 
stewards and contribute to increasing 
the availability of clean water in our 
own operations and the rest of the 
value chain, by 2030.  We’re working 
to use water as efficiently as possible 
and reduce industrial effluents to 
minimise environmental damage.1
Our strategic focus areas consider where we 
have the most influence and opportunities for 
impact: improving water quality and increasing 
water availability throughout our value 
chain, enabling reduced water consumption 
in the home, demonstrating leadership and 
collaborating with others in water stewardship 
ambitions.
Identifying river basins most connected to 
our supply chains
As global frameworks and methodologies are 
under development, the IKEA business has 
adopted – the WWF recommended – Contextual 
Target Setting (CTS) methodology. To build 
the targets, in FY23, we identified the 15 river 
basins most connected to our supply chains 
based on current and projected (2030) water 
scarcity. In FY24, we will set and accelerate 
action towards targets.
Partnering with WWF in India and Türkiye
As part of the WWF and IKEA partnership, 
we are not only working to improve water 
management and tackle water challenges 
across the IKEA value chain but also 
advancing conservation beyond. In FY23, 
we advanced work connected to river basin 
projects in India and Türkiye:
INDIA
As a part of the collective action programme 
in the Noyyal Bhavani river basin, the 
Marlimund Lake catchment was identified 
as a pilot wetland restoration initiative in 
collaboration with the local government. 
Together with the local community, the 
restoration project aims to restore the native 
shola forest, grassland and swamp over 
the next five years to improve river flows. 
Extensive mapping of the animals and plant 
species that live in the lake was conducted 
to establish a baseline for the removal and 
replacement of invasive species with native 
ones. Based on the mapping, a detailed 
action plan has been submitted to the State 
for approval. It is expected that full-scale 
implementation of the restoration work will 
be initiated by 2024.
TÜRKIYE
In Soke, a key cotton-growing region in the 
Buyuk Menderes Basin, WWF and the IKEA 
business (together with other partners) are 
piloting the implementation of regenerative 
agriculture. The pilot, which started on 7.9 
hectares of Better Cotton farms in 2020, is now 
in its third year. Some achievements observed 
include; improved soil health, enhanced 
biodiversity, increased crop diversity (from two 
to five crops), and higher levels of soil carbon 
sequestration. This pilot aims to test global 
know-how in regenerative cotton farming. 
The knowledge gained will help scale the 
implementation to more hectares of farms.
FY21
FY23
FY22
Water use across the value chain
(billion m3)
0.71
Materials (74% – 0.45)
Product use at home (16% – 0.10)
Food ingredients (5% – 0.03)
IKEA retail & other operations (1% – 0.007)
Production (3% – 0.02)
0.61
0.72
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
Photo provided by WWF

Page 34:
34 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Joining the Open Call to Accelerate Action 
on Water
In March 2023, the IKEA business participated 
in the UN Water Conference. At this historic 
meeting (the first UN conference on water in 40 
years), we joined the Business Leaders' Open 
Call to Action on Water. We have committed to;
• Improving water resilience in water basins 
where we operate
• Implementing resilient water management 
practices for both water quantity and 
quality in our supply chains
• Joining others to make a positive water 
impact in at least 100 vulnerable global 
water basins by 2030, focusing on the 
most stressed basins in our operations and 
supply chains
Our plan to achieve these commitments 
includes target setting, working with and 
supporting suppliers throughout the IKEA value 
chain and continuing our work with WWF on 
vulnerable water basins. 
Increasing water recycling in our textile 
supply chain
One textile supplier in China has installed 
a reverse osmosis and evaporator facility. 
The overall recycling rate has increased 
from 74% in FY22 to 96% in FY23, resulting 
in four million m3 of recycled water 
being used in the facility. The increased 
recycling contributes to a 21% reduction in 
freshwater use compared to FY22.
Flood and drought risk assessment at 
IKEA Industry Poland sites
During 2023, flooding and drought risks 
were assessed, and nature-based actions 
to become more resilient were proposed. A 
wetland to prevent flooding during heavy 
rain was constructed at the Manufacturing 
Development Centre in Zbaszyn – a good 
example of a nature-based solution. 
The assessment will continue, and more 
solutions will be proposed at other IKEA 
Industry sites during FY24.
Building a floating platform to clean water 
in Pakistan
In FY23, WWF and the IKEA business, through 
our partnership to restore biodiversity in 
cotton-growing regions, created a small 
artificial floating platform for flowering plant 
species. The platform is used to clean water 
for a small village in Khanewal, Punjab, 
Pakistan.
The platform improved the village’s local 
water source – a pond that was a source of 
diseases and pests such as mosquitoes with 
wastewater coming from the village. The 
free-hanging roots of reed plants filter the 
water, removing pollutants and microbes. 
The cleaned water is now being used for 
growing cotton, which supports the lives 
and livelihoods of nearly 5,000 people in the 
village. This nature-based solution is low-cost 
and low-maintenance, and its scalability is 
currently being explored. 
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 35:
35 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Wood is the material most used in the 
IKEA range.1 It's part of the IKEA identity 
and our Swedish heritage and includes 
particle board, fibreboard, paper-based 
products and solid wood.
We're committed to making responsible forest 
management the norm across the world, going 
beyond the wood sourced for the IKEA business; 
halting deforestation and reforesting degraded 
landscapes; and driving innovation to use wood in 
smarter ways. Read more about our forest agenda.
In FY23, to increase the accuracy of our wood 
consumption data across our home furnishing 
products and indirect material use (e.g., packaging), 
we reviewed and updated our calculation method. 
Many parts of the wood industry have become more 
efficient and smarter in their use of wood due to 
technological advancements in wood processing, 
since our initial calculation method was developed. 
 
Until now, our wood consumption was calculated 
based on the total wood processing figure of round 
wood equivalent.² This method included a significant 
amount of residue material from the sawmill 
manufacturing process – for example wood chips, 
offcuts, wood shavings, and sawdust – which was 
sometimes used by other supply chains outside of 
the IKEA business. This consequently inflated our 
volumes. 
 
To become more accurate in our reporting, from 
FY23 onwards we will continue to share the total 
wood processing volume and, for the first time, 
provide a more substantial breakdown separating 
our virgin wood consumption from our recycled 
wood consumption as well as an estimated volume 
of the residues from the sawmill manufacturing 
process. With this breakdown, our total virgin wood 
consumption is reduced as residual wood material 
is now excluded and calculated as consumed within 
the sourcing market. The updated calculation 
method is based on information reported by our 
suppliers, the best available data for our business 
type and commonly approved conversion factors.  
 
Within our commitment to drive innovation to use 
wood in even smarter ways, we have set a goal for 
at least a third of the wood in the IKEA range to be 
recycled wood by 2030. In FY23, 17% of our wood-
based range was made of recycled wood material 
(FY22: 15%).
In FY23, 97.8% (FY22: 99,9%) of our total wood used 
was either Forest Stewardship Council certified (FSC) 
or recycled.3 A slight decrease occurred due to our 
decision in FY22 to no longer accept wood from 
Russia and Belarus. This meant that a few suppliers 
needed to find alternative sourcing options. All 
wood used still met our IWAY forestry minimum 
requirements.
Europe remained the main wood-sourcing region for 
materials used in IKEA home furnishing products, 
with over 80% of all wood use in IKEA products 
coming from this continent.
IKEA wood processing volume
(million m3 Round Wood Equivalent (RWE))
FY23 
Includes virgin, recycled wood and the estimated 
volume of the residual wood material from sawmills 
as well as paper, industrialised bamboo, and indirect 
materials, e.g. packaging.
Wood (forestry)
1 Based on purchasing value.
² To measure our wood consumption with one relevant unit, we 
apply conversion factors for different wood materials used in 
our products and calculate back to cubic metres of roundwood 
equivalent (m3 RWE). Roundwood equivalent (RWE) is a measure 
of the volume of logs (roundwood) used in the making of wood-
based products.
3 We consider a goal to be fully reached when we achieve 
more than 98% fulfilment overall. Due to disruptions or new 
suppliers/business partners, we can’t guarantee 100% fulfilment 
at every given point in time.
16.8 million m3
Markets which supply the most virgin wood for 
IKEA products
6% 
Germany
4% 
Czech Republic
4% 
Romania
16%
Others 
9% 
China
10% 
Lithuania
10% 
Sweden
32% 
Poland
3%
Vietnam
3%
Slovakia
3%
Latvia
With an industry-first global wood supply map, launched in FY23 
for increased transparency, the IKEA business is sharing where 
all the wood material (excluding paper) in IKEA products comes 
from. The map includes information about wood species, sourcing 
regions, volumes and how the IKEA business works to improve forest 
management across different markets.
Europe
84%
Asia
13%
Oceania
1%
Africa
0.002%
South
America
2%
North
America
0.4%
Virgin wood material in products (10.5 million m3)
Wood residue byproduct from sawmill (1 million m3)
Recycled wood material in products (2.3 million m3)  
Total wood processing 
figure for home furnishing 
products (13.8 million m3)
Indirect material
(3 million m3)
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 36:
36 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Understanding the impact of FSC forest 
management on biodiversity
At COP15, where the Kunming-Montreal 
Global Biodiversity Framework (GBF) was 
adopted, the IKEA business, together with 
FSC, WWF, and other leading companies, 
participated in the launch of an initiative 
to fast-track biodiversity assessments in 
FSC-certified forests. The initiative builds 
on learnings from earlier work to quantify 
the impact of FSC (the Value and Impact 
Analysis (VIA) initiative in 2014). 
In FY23, the initiative worked on evaluating 
how currently available data reported by 
certificate holders can be used to evaluate 
the biodiversity impact of FSC Forest 
Management. This initiative will support 
FSC certificate holders in demonstrating 
their biodiversity impacts in line with the 
Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity 
Framework agreed on at COP15.
This initiative represents a big step 
towards strengthening the FSC global 
certification system with an understanding 
of its biodiversity impact, which can be a 
positive change at scale for the entire forest 
management sector.
FSC in Poland
The wellbeing of the world’s forests is 
a primary focus for the IKEA business. 
Therefore, the decision in Poland in 
FY23, to discontinue participation in the 
most credible global forest management 
certification system, FSC, makes us 
deeply concerned.
The IKEA business plays an active role in 
assisting a continuous and constructive 
dialogue between different stakeholders 
to support a positive solution.
Expansion of the WWF and IKEA forest 
partnership to Brazil and Colombia
During FY23, the IKEA business and WWF 
continued our long-standing partnership, 
where forests have been in focus. Working side-
by-side for over 20 years, covering 19 locations, 
our global partnership has been instrumental 
in driving responsible forest management, 
increasing transparency across wood supply 
chains and protecting ecosystems. We are, 
for the first time, initiating projects in South 
America – Brazil and Colombia. For the projects 
in South America, the plans were developed 
to focus on community forest management, 
landscape conservation and recovery activities. 
Additionally, we are starting a new pilot project 
on landscape restoration in Thailand.
Global consumer insights on the forestry 
sector 
As one of the leading wood users in the 
retail sector, we strive to use our size and 
global reach to positively influence, and 
even transform, the forestry industry. We 
asked GlobeScan to conduct foundational 
research amongst consumers and experts 
into how the forestry sector and wood 
sourcing are currently perceived and 
understood.
The results of the 8,000 consumers 
surveyed across eight of our markets 
demonstrate that over 80% are very or 
somewhat concerned about the state 
of the world’s forests. It shows that the 
responsible sourcing of wood is important 
to consumers, and 75% would prefer to 
buy from a company known for its forest 
conservation efforts.
The results demonstrate the need for 
greater engagement towards consumers 
on issues and products, as well as the 
value and benefits of responsible forest 
management and using wood. We will 
share the research in FY24.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 37:
37 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Launching a first-of-its-kind rattan species 
DNA identification database
Rattan can be a useful renewable forest 
resource in many applications. Historically, it 
has not been possible for the wider industry 
to accurately identify the different types 
of rattan used in supply chains and over-
harvesting of rattan from forests in Vietnam 
and Indonesia can threaten biodiversity and 
ecosystems by contributing to the potential 
extinction of some rattan species. Therefore, 
in 2019, the IKEA business together with 
the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, in the UK, 
partnered around research on rattan species 
identification.   
In FY23, as a result of the partnership, Kew 
Gardens launched a first-of-its-kind publicly 
available DNA database of all rattan species. 
The database includes a new test protocol, 
offering a unique possibility to identify 
species, enabling companies to gain deeper 
knowledge of rattan supply chains and 
to act to protect threatened species. This 
development supports the IKEA business in 
increasing traceability which is a step towards 
ensuring no threatened species are sourced. 
By launching this database and sharing all 
the tools for free, the aim is to inspire other 
companies to use it to increase the traceability 
of their rattan supply chains as well.
Contributing to the development of EUDR 
deforestation legislation
The IKEA business has long promoted 
responsible sourcing within our business. 
We have steered market transformation with 
respect to key raw materials and continue 
to use innovative approaches to forest 
management, protection, restoration, and 
regeneration. The wood used in IKEA products 
is sourced from responsibly managed forests, 
which do not contribute to deforestation.
We fully support the European Union’s goal to 
minimise the EU’s contribution to deforestation 
and forest degradation. We urge a risk-based 
approach based on mandatory due diligence 
processes, including reporting and risk 
mitigation measures dependent on the market 
risk profile, nature of the commodity and local 
conditions. To supplement the due diligence 
processes, vetted third-party certification 
schemes should be a recognised tool.
We are committed to no deforestation and 
no forest degradation across our primary 
deforestation-linked commodities (soy, palm 
oil, beef, leather, coffee, cocoa, rubber, wood 
and sugarcane), with a target date of 31 
December 2025.1
During FY23, we remained an active participant 
in the EU Commission Expert Group/Multi-
Stakeholder Platform on Protecting and 
Restoring the World’s Forests – including the 
EU Timber Regulation and the Forest Law 
Enforcement, Governance, and Trade (FLEGT) 
regulation – by providing fact- and experience-
based insights and contributions to the 
development of legislation.
Implementation of responsible sourcing 
along forest material supply chains
During FY23, together with our business 
partners, we secured the robust requirements 
outlined in our supplier code of conduct, 
beyond first-tier suppliers.
The implementation follows a stepwise 
approach. The first step was completed at the 
end of 2022 when supply chains connected to 
solid wood and predefined board mills were 
mapped with IWAY Must requirements and 
verified at all first-level critical sub-contractors. 
Starting on 1 January 2023, we began the 
second step of implementation, focusing on 
other predefined board mills and recycled 
wood supply chains with the aim to finalise the 
verifications at all relevant second-tier critical 
sub-contractors by the end of 2023. 
Implementing responsible sourcing along 
forest material supply chains is not an easy 
task for the stakeholders involved, including 
sub-contractors. Mapping the supply chains 
was among the most challenging activities 
for suppliers because it was the first time that 
some sub-contractors were asked to disclose 
this type of information. 
Despite these challenges – or perhaps because 
of them – the process has led to many benefits, 
such as a greater understanding from our 
sub-contractors on responsible sourcing, 
transparency and traceability. Thousands of 
sub-contractors handling forest-based material 
have been mapped along supply chains all the 
way to the forest roadside. Most supply chains 
are relatively short, reaching only to second-
tier sub-contractors. However, a few reported 
supply chains are going all the way to tier five.
1 Commodities and products in the scope of the European Union 
Deforestation-free Regulation (EUDR) will have to meet the 
corresponding timelines.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 38:
38 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Agriculture
Agricultural raw materials are used 
throughout the IKEA offer. They include 
perennials such as coffee, tea and 
palm oil, as well as annual crops such 
as cotton and animal-based products. 
Cotton is the main agricultural material 
for the IKEA business.  
 
Agriculture practices have wide-ranging impacts 
on water usage, pollution and conservation, nature 
and biodiversity, CO2 emissions and sequestration, 
animal welfare, and the lives of people and 
communities connected to the cultivation of 
agricultural materials. 
 
In FY23, we started developing requirements for the 
new Agriculture Section in IWAY, the IKEA supplier 
code of conduct (page 55). This is an important step 
in our responsible sourcing efforts.1 Through the 
requirements, we aim to take a holistic and coherent 
approach to responsible sourcing of agriculture raw 
materials addressing human rights, environmental 
impacts, including the risks of deforestation, and 
animal welfare across the total value chain.
 
We are also preparing a transition from single 
raw material focused to wider landscape focused 
action plans. Although we will continue to work on 
initiatives connected to specific raw material supply 
chains, our aim is to quantify our impact and efforts 
in the more holistic scope that the IKEA business has 
in biodiversity, land and water use, climate, people 
and communities. 
For example, we're piloting cases during the next 
two fiscal years that aim to source from and monitor 
the same farm landscapes over a longer period 
(estimated five years) to track progress in soil health, 
landscape restoration and community wellbeing. 
During this process, as we continue to incorporate 
additional markets and their local supply chains, 
we are learning where we have more direct control 
versus where we need to engage in different ways 
with others. Because we operate as a franchise 
system, which allows for both global and unique 
local offers, we don’t yet have a complete overview 
of all products sourced or sold. A systematic 
approach and common requirements for our food 
supply chains will help us to increase visibility and 
insight into operations, including the handling of 
animals. 
Food ingredients in this report represent 
approximately half of the total food ingredients 
sourced for the IKEA food business (supplied by 
IKEA Food Supply AG). For the remaining ~50%, 
we're continuing to build a better understanding of 
the gaps and how to ensure more comprehensive 
reporting in the future.
1 We use reputable sustainability standard systems in different agricultural areas to promote sustainability practices and performance for a variety of agriculture-based products in our offer.
Cotton
Since FY15, the IKEA business only uses virgin 
cotton certified by our approved schemes or 
recycled cotton.
In FY23, the total volume of cotton in IKEA 
products, including non-virgin cotton, 
was 109,000 tonnes (FY22 144,100 tonnes). 
Around 80% of our virgin cotton came from 
smallholder farmers, and around 20% from 
large land-holding farmers. We continue 
to emphasise physical segregation and 
end-to-end traceability, diversification, risk 
mitigation, and the promotion of circular 
cotton supply chains in an effort to reduce 
the environmental and social impacts of our 
cotton supply chains. Read more about our 
view on cotton.
 
Cotton is one of the key focus areas in the 
long-term global partnership between the 
IKEA business and WWF.
ANNUAL CROPS
Country of origin for cotton
Fresh/virgin cotton 
*Others: Australia, Greece, Israel, 
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, South Africa, Spain  
24% 
Pakistan
17% 
Brazil
14% 
India 18% 
China
10% 
USA
5% 
Ivory Coast
4% 
Türkiye 1% 
Burkina Faso
3% 
Cameroon
1% 
Others*
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 39:
39 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Integrating climate responsiveness into 
agriculture practices in Pakistan
Freshwater is a scarce natural resource 
in Pakistan. Close to 90% of available 
freshwater is used for agriculture. With 
measures taken through the WWF and IKEA 
partnership project and the adoption of 
climate-smart agriculture practices, farmers 
have documented savings of 24% in crop-
water productivity.1 Through technology and 
improved sowing techniques, 535 hectares 
of agricultural land have saved 791,908 
m3 of farm water and reduced nearly 24% 
in greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) per 
hectare. In addition, to mitigate the effects of 
warming temperatures, project farmers have 
used agricultural land unsuitable for cotton 
production to grow indigenous plants.
PERENNIALS
Palm oil
In FY23, 99.9% of the palm oil used was 
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil 
(RSPO)-certified. 
• Candles: 15,170,000 kg (100% RSPO 
certified)  
• Food: IKEA Food Supply AG (IFSAG):² 
733,630 kg (100% RSPO certified); and 
Trader 1,260 kg (96% RSPO certified) 
• Total: 15,904,890 kg
Coffee
In FY23, we used 100% Rainforest 
Alliance-certified coffee.² 
Cocoa
In FY23, we used 100% Rainforest Alliance-
certified cocoa in IKEA Branded products.² 
Tea
In FY23, we used 100% Rainforest Alliance-certified 
and Fairtrade-certified tea in our range.² 
1 Crop water productivity is the total crop yield divided by total 
amount of water used to raise the crop.
Economic empowerment for communities 
in cotton landscapes of Pakistan  
In order to build resilience to the impacts of 
climate change in cotton landscapes, WWF 
and the IKEA business have been actively 
engaging with communities, and particularly 
women, in acquiring alternative skills – such 
as embroidery, bee farming, micro-nurseries 
and kitchen gardening – that can support 
establishing small businesses while also 
increasing resilience to climate change. 
These efforts have resulted in an almost 20% 
increase in family income, on average, in the 
communities where this applies.
ANNUAL CROPS (CONTINUATION)
2 This percentage is based on food ingredients supplied by IKEA Food Supply AG, which represents approximately half of the total food ingredients sourced 
for the IKEA food business. For the remaining ~50%, we continue to build a better understanding of the gaps and how to be more comprehensive for future 
reporting.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 40:
40 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Seafood
In FY23, 100% of the seafood volume² was 
Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC)- or 
Marine Stewardship Council (MSC)-certified 
(2022: 98%, 2020: 91.2%, 2019: 93.7%, 2018: 
91%).
Sheep
Wool: In FY23, we finalised a carbon removal 
pilot project together with our New Zealand 
wool partner. This pilot aims to ensure 
integrity in calculating and reporting methods 
that follow the established GHG protocol 
and Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 
guidelines for CO2 removal. But also, it has 
enabled us to learn more about soil health 
and biodiversity parameters that need to be 
understood holistically. The results from the 
pilot are positive and confirm the potential 
to remove CO2 through our wool farms if 
regenerative practices are implemented.
Animal welfare
The IKEA business is committed to ensuring 
animal welfare across the IKEA value chain. 
Our animal welfare efforts are guided by the 
Five Provisions and Welfare Aims,1 a further 
development of the globally recognised Five 
Freedoms that goes beyond basic care.
During FY23, we have taken steps to 
consolidate the IKEA standpoints and 
requirements on animal welfare. We're 
merging the work driven by IKEA Food Better 
Programmes with additional agricultural 
criteria that will address animal welfare in all 
IKEA supply chains. Internally, within the IKEA 
business and together with suppliers and 
Chicken
In FY23, 100% of the chicken volume² was 
sourced according to third-party certifications 
that cover the majority of the IKEA animal 
welfare requirements. 
Pig
In FY23, 81.3% of the pork volume² was sourced 
according to third-party certifications that 
cover the majority of the IKEA animal welfare 
requirements.
Cattle
Beef: In FY23, we developed pilots, together 
with selected partners in the USA, for grass-fed 
beef. These pilots will enable the IKEA business 
to align and verify methods to calculate GHG 
emissions and other key parameters that impact 
ecosystems such as biodiversity, soil health, 
water and community wellbeing.
Leather: Leather traceability and compliance 
has been a top priority for many years 
securing high standards of animal welfare 
and environment in our leather supply chains. 
Now, in addition to consolidating leather 
requirements into the overall animal welfare 
requirements, we have also taken the necessary 
steps to ensure our readiness for the coming 
European Union Deforestation-free Regulation 
(EUDR) legislation on deforestation by 2025.
external experts, we are further developing the IWAY 
Animal Welfare Section 6.1. We remain committed to 
the roadmaps and goals that we've agreed on with 
suppliers for the IKEA food business on chicken and 
pork.
The IWAY Animal Welfare Section 6.1 is an important 
enabler to advance animal welfare in the entire 
IKEA value chain. The process of further developing 
our approach to animal welfare, being present 
in coalitions and monitoring data and reporting, 
enables us to better understand how to facilitate 
improvements in animal welfare in all our supply 
chains.
ANIMAL BASED
1 The Five Provisions and Welfare Aims focus on providing animals with 
optimal nutrition, health, behaviour and environment recognising how 
all of these contribute to the good mental state of the animals.
2 This percentage is based on food ingredients supplied by IKEA Food 
Supply AG, which represents approximately half of the total food 
ingredients sourced for the IKEA food business. For the remaining ~50%, 
we continue to build a better understanding of the gaps and how to be 
more comprehensive for future reporting.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 41:
41 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Inorganic raw materials are minerals 
used in the production of metals, 
glass, ceramics, chemicals1 and 
electronic components. 
The IKEA business is a relatively small consumer 
of inorganic materials. However, those that 
we do use can be found in critical applications 
like furniture, appliances, lighting, tableware, 
and pots and pans. They're also used in 
products specifically designed for healthier and 
more sustainable living, like air purifiers and 
rechargeable batteries.
 
We’re always looking at how to best use 
resources to optimise materials for the right 
purpose. For example, we only use stainless 
steel for products in cooking and eating 
functions or for use in wet rooms. We also use 
high-strength steel in other functions, which 
uses less material while offering the same 
function and quality.
 
In FY23, we continued pilot mapping supply 
chains back to their source for both inorganic 
and secondary raw materials. Through this 
effort, we have identified the main players 
in upstream sourcing. We are now using this 
knowledge to investigate effects on our direct 
Inorganics
suppliers – what information we need from 
them and how we can partner with other 
companies to influence more sustainable 
practices and sources.
We are members of the Aluminium Stewardship 
Initiative (ASI), contributing to their work 
to increase chain of custody certification 
in aluminium supply chains. In FY23, we 
collaborated with large steel- and aluminium-
consuming companies to pilot certification 
programmes for recycled content and chain of 
custody for aluminium smelters.
 
We are also members of the Responsible 
Minerals Initiative (RMI) working towards social 
economic development in mineral production 
and sourcing.
We know some raw materials don’t currently 
have a renewable substitute and that the 
technology to recycle other raw materials 
doesn’t exist yet. As this process takes time, we 
continue to be committed to working towards 
securing responsibly sourced virgin inorganic 
materials while replacing them whenever 
possible. We’re focused on replacing materials 
that have the largest climate footprint.
1 Not including fossil-based chemicals.
Photo provided by Pact
Continued partnership with Pact on 
improving working conditions of miners
During FY23, the IKEA business continued 
building on the partnership with Pact, an 
international non-profit. The partnership, 
which started in 2020, aims to identify risks 
and build knowledge about the sustainability 
impacts of inorganic extraction and mining 
to improve responsible sourcing and 
minimise negative impacts on people and 
planet. Together, we are working to support 
small-scale miners in Rwanda with better 
equipment for safer working conditions.
Collaborations for building a responsible 
sourcing scheme for sand
Silicates and sands can be found in many 
IKEA products such as worktops, drinking 
and decorative glassware, tableware, 
ceramics, wall and floor tiles, picture frames 
and furniture featuring glass. Since we 
are reliant on silicates and sand, in FY23, 
the IKEA business and the University of 
Queensland's Sustainable Minerals Institute 
in Australia, collaborated on a study aimed 
at exploring and defining responsible sand 
and silicate sourcing practices.
In addition, in FY23, we participated in the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD) meeting to reach out 
to other actors in silicate and sand supply 
chains (with Pact also participating) to learn 
about their experiences and practices. Our 
goal is to open dialogues between mining 
and downstream sectors on responsible 
sand sourcing and finding additional 
partners.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 42:
42 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Secondary raw materials (also called 
recycled materials) are essential to 
transforming into a circular business 
(page 16). By continuously increasing 
the share of recycled materials 
in IKEA products, we also want to 
contribute to a circular economy 
where nothing is wasted and old 
products become new resources. 
The amount of materials used in the IKEA 
range is based on estimations for most types of 
materials. Accurate yearly figures for different 
amounts of materials continue to only be 
available for wood and paper. The disclosed 
climate footprint, therefore, is a conservative 
estimate that doesn't reflect the actual 
improvements for material used in the IKEA 
range. It also means that there is no update to 
the figures shared in FY21, where we reported 
that 56% of the materials we sourced were 
renewable and 17% were recycled. See the IKEA 
Climate Report FY23 for more details.
Today, sourcing of recycled materials in scalable 
amounts and suitable quality is a challenge. 
However, one of the most critical challenges is in 
protecting human rights in the informal waste 
collection and sorting sectors.
During FY23, we continued to build up recycled 
material supply chains. We see a big opportunity 
Secondary raw materials (recycled)
Metal
Increasing the use of recycled steel
During FY23, our focus has been on 
switching to steel manufacturers who 
have the technical capabilities to use a 
greater share of recycled content, which 
also reduces the climate footprint in 
production (see the IKEA Climate Report 
FY23). We are selecting steel suppliers 
that use electric furnaces rather 
than burning coal. Electric furnace 
technology allows the production of 
steel with a higher share of recycled 
materials. We have mapped metal 
supply chains in Europe, China and 
Vietnam and are testing products with a 
high recycled-steel content in China.
Significant increase in share of 
recycled aluminium 
Our ambition is to have at least 80% 
recycled aluminium content in our 
products by 2030. Working with 
partners across the IKEA value chain, 
such as waste sorting and smelters, 
we have been able to accelerate that 
journey. During FY23, we have made 
significant progress by reaching 77% 
recycled aluminium content in IKEA 
products, up from 57% in FY22.
PAX wardrobe sliding doors are now made with a minimum of 80% 
recycled aluminium.
Participated in the Circulate Initiative 
(TCI) forum on responsible waste 
management in recycled plastics supply 
chains
Today, there is no existing international 
standard for responsible waste 
management practices. We support efforts 
to create such a standard. In May 2023, we 
joined The Circulate Initiative (TCI) forum in 
Bangalore, India, together with other major 
brands, social entrepreneurs, commercial 
recyclers and waste picker representatives. 
We support the TCI Responsible Sourcing 
Initiative, which aims to improve human 
rights across recycled plastic value chains in 
ways that can be measured, managed, and 
are compliant with regulations.
In addition, we are part of the World 
Business Council for Sustainable 
Development and, since FY21, its Business 
Commission to Tackle Inequality (BCTI). The 
initiative aims to elevate business action 
on inequality and bring together leading 
businesses and other key stakeholders to 
create a platform for collaboration and an 
agenda for business action.
to work across categories within the IKEA 
business and work closer to the recycled sector 
to secure higher volumes and a wider variety of 
materials.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 43:
43 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Textiles
Completed an in-depth risk assessment 
of textile value chains
The global post-consumer textile recycling 
sector is immature, which limits textiles as a 
source of secondary raw materials at scale. 
However, there is a big potential for the 
IKEA business, together with other large 
companies, to be a leader in developing the 
recycled textiles sector.
In FY23, together with Article One, we 
completed an in-depth risk assessment 
of textile value chains, including recycled 
materials. The objective was to identify 
any human rights risks across five key 
materials in the recovered materials 
supply chain, discovering opportunities to 
help strengthen risk mitigation and build 
capabilities to assess human rights risks 
in other IKEA recovered materials supply 
chains.
In FY23, we explored new feedstock types 
and streams as well as technologies to 
accelerate textile-to-textile recycling and 
continued to build new supply chains 
utilising post-consumer textile products 
such as quilts and pillows. We piloted 
thermo-mechanical recycling of polyester 
textile waste into yarns, and we partnered 
with the social enterprise Saahas Zero 
Waste in India to run a feasibility study for 
the collection and sorting of domestic post-
consumer textile waste.
Wood
We're now producing the kitchen front VOXTORP in high gloss 
white, using more than 50% recycled wood in the fibreboard.
By 2030, we aim to secure that at least 80% of our 
particle board is based on recycled wood. 
Share of recycled wood in particle board (%)   
27%
27%
30%
FY21 
FY23 
FY30 
FY22 
80%
New recycled fibreboard technology
By 2030, at least one-third of the IKEA wood-based 
range will be made from recycled wood. Fibreboard is 
a key material for IKEA furniture, but one of the biggest 
challenges is its recyclability. In FY23, the share of recycled 
content in particle board we use was 30% and 0.3% in 
fibreboards. 
In FY23, we developed a new technology that enables 
the recyclability of fibreboard. We're now using this 
technology in the production of IKEA products, which 
is guiding us in developing new ways of working with 
these materials. The process is used to produce the 
SKÅDIS pegboard and now, for the first time, in producing 
the VOXTORP kitchen front in high gloss white with 
fibreboard made of more than 50% recycled wood. 
We are in dialogue with partners to join us in scaling up 
this technology and together moving the manufacturing 
industry in a new direction using recycled wood fibres.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 44:
44 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Glass
Glass is fully recyclable and can be recycled 
again and again. The amount of energy needed 
to melt recycled glass is less than what is 
needed to melt virgin raw materials to make 
new products. 
Some regions have a well-established and 
efficient collection and treatment system for 
post-consumer packaging glass (bottles and 
jars). This is good for the sustainability of the 
glass packaging industry, but because the 
collected glass is used primarily in the bottle 
industry, it limits access to recycled glass 
for IKEA products and IKEA suppliers as a 
feedstock. In other regions of the world, the 
recycling infrastructure is different, and IKEA 
suppliers have more access to recycled glass. 
We are continuously working to increase the 
supply of recycled glass.
The IKEA business currently offers several 
products that include a minimum of 50% 
recycled glass. We are currently working on 
collections with 100% recycled glass that we’re 
planning to launch during 2024 in selected 
markets.
Recycled glass to replace virgin quartz in 
new worktop range LOCKEBO
In FY23, we launched a new worktop range 
called LOCKEBO, which is made with recycled 
glass. The glass composite material is the 
same quality as virgin quartz and uses half 
the energy in production compared to quartz 
worktops. LOCKEBO worktops are made with 
recycled glass from many different sources: 
Glass packaging (wine bottles, glass jars 
and containers), leftovers from car glass 
manufacturers, glassware producers, as well 
as broken car windows.
Continuing the work on our Sustainable 
Packaging Project
In FY23, we made progress toward our goal 
of all IKEA food packaging being made of 
recyclable materials by 2025. This included 
the launch of SKUB PET bottles made of 
99% recycled content and initiating projects 
to move from non-recyclable to recyclable 
packaging for sauces and jams in IKEA 
restaurants, as well as salmon and sausages 
in IKEA restaurants and Swedish Food 
Markets.  
Renewed and extended work within the 
informal waste collection sector
During FY23, together with IKEA Social 
Entrepreneurship B.V., the IKEA business 
renewed and extended development 
projects working close with informal waste 
collection networks. The aim of these 
projects is to offer more formalised work – 
contributing to better working conditions, 
stable livelihoods and reliable incomes. We 
want to contribute to a just transition so 
that workers aren’t left behind as the sector 
becomes organised. Read more about IKEA 
Social Entrepreneurship B.V. projects. 
Plastics
Given the limited availability of recycled plastic waste 
in Europe, it can be difficult to secure secondary 
plastics for use in products. In parts of the world, a 
maturing but largely informal waste sector exists. 
We support the transition of informal waste flows to 
formalised setups that could create a potential supply 
chain for secondary plastics, both to better protect 
the human rights of waste workers and reduce plastic 
pollution. 
 
For all plastics, not just packaging, we are focused on 
four key movements:
• Increasing the share of recycled plastic moving 
toward post-consumer recycled plastics.
• Using materials in a smarter way, finding new 
solutions to use plastic material in the most 
efficient way and only using plastic on relevant 
applications.
• Using plastic from renewable sources, such as bio-
based, in the relevant applications. 
• Continuing to explore new materials and 
technologies, such as carbon-captured technology 
for plastic.
Sustainable food packaging
We're aiming to phase out plastic from consumer 
packaging by 2028. However, plastic packaging 
might remain in some parts of the IKEA food 
range where it is needed to secure quality and 
food safety standards beyond 2028, in which case 
it will come from renewable or recycled sources. 
A second part of the objective is to move to 
recyclable food packaging materials for 2025.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 45:
45 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Chemicals
Our ambition is that all chemicals 
used in or for making IKEA products 
should be safe throughout their 
whole lifecycle. We advocate for 
policies, strategies and regulations 
for safer and more sustainable 
chemicals, materials and products.
 
Read more about the IKEA chemical strategy.
Chemicals
Commitment to phase out PFAS without 
harmful substitutions
PFAS are a large group of chemicals used in 
various industrial and consumer applications 
that are persistent and, therefore, do not 
degrade during use and when spread in the 
environment.
We recognise the significant health and 
environmental concerns about PFAS 
chemicals and acknowledge the special 
attention needed due to their widespread 
use and persistence in the environment. 
The IKEA business is committed to phasing-
out PFAS while also avoiding any harmful 
substitutions. 
The IKEA business has been working to 
phase out PFAS in our supply chain since 
2009. For example, in 2015, we phased-
out PFAS in textiles. During FY23, we’ve 
continued the work to identify further uses 
of PFAS, to add additional restrictions and 
phase-out plans. We are prioritising high-
volume applications and applications with 
the largest environmental or health impacts.
As a part of our work to phase out 
PFAS, in 2024 we'll introduce non-stick 
coated cookware that does not use 
polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) material. 
From 2025, this will also apply to non-stick 
coated bakeware. During 2026, all cookware 
and bakeware ranges will be non-PTFE.
On track to phase out formaldehyde in 
coatings on paper foils 
We are on track to eliminate formaldehyde 
from coating on paper foils in IKEA 
products by mid-2024. All products that 
are made from wood-based materials can 
contain formaldehyde, which is common 
in the natural environment. High levels 
of formaldehyde can, however, lead to 
negative health effects. That’s why we 
will continue our decades-long work to 
reduce formaldehyde emissions from all 
IKEA products. We're continuously working 
to lower formaldehyde emissions and 
are using a stepwise approach to reach 
formaldehyde emission levels from wood-
based materials that are equal to, or lower 
than, levels emitted by natural wood. 
Consultation for the USA state of Maine 
We continue to engage with regulators 
to provide experience-based feedback 
through government consultations on the 
use and declaration of Products Containing 
Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl 
Substances (PFAS) chemicals. In FY23, the 
IKEA business provided feedback to the USA 
state of Maine in a response to the Chapter 
90 Rule for PFAS, highlighting the need for 
a clearly defined, simple reporting process.
Advocating for better fire and chemical safety 
standards
Globally, legislators have adopted different approaches 
when it comes to product fire safety for upholstered 
furniture and mattresses. While the IKEA business 
always aims to refrain from the use of specific 
chemicals in our products, as described in the IKEA 
chemical strategy, we always meet all local market 
requirements.
Existing fire safety regulations in some markets still 
demand specific testing requirements, such as large 
open flame tests, which can prevent many companies 
from completely avoiding the use of chemical flame 
retardants and hinder the chance to implement 
innovative solutions.
 
There is growing research and a common 
understanding of the hazards that many flame 
retardants have on people’s health and the 
environment in the long term. Questions remain 
about the effectiveness of these types of chemicals in 
preventing fires over time, the toxicity of the chemicals 
in fires, and the implication of these chemicals on 
materials for future use.
That’s why we are working with legislative bodies and 
organisations to advocate for better chemical safety 
standards when it comes to fire safety. In FY23, for 
example, we have contributed to the discussions on the 
revision of the UK Furniture and Furnishing Fire Safety 
Regulations, advocating for a change to the existing 
rules so a balance can be found between securing fire 
safety, chemical safety and enabling a circular economy.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 46:
46 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Fair & equal
By 2030, our ambition 
is to play our full part 
in contributing to a 
fair and equal society, 
by respecting and 
promoting human rights 
across the value chain 
and contributing to 
resilient societies.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 47:
47 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
FY23 summary of progressCommitments and goals
During FY23, our focus has been to create 
clarity and connections between our 
overall goals and commitments, and 
develop the actions needed to get us 
there.
IKEA touches the lives of millions around the world and 
has long promised to stand by the side of the many 
people. In FY23, building on more than 20 years of IWAY, 
our supplier code of conduct (page 55), we worked on 
developing an additional performance framework to 
strengthen our impact and support the implementation 
of our updated Fair & equal commitments. The 
framework reflects our strategic goals and aligns 
with the newly adopted Corporate Sustainability Due 
Diligence Directive (CSDDD), which requires companies 
to undertake due diligence on global operations 
regarding human rights, labour laws and environmental 
commitments (page 49).
Through internal and external interviews, research 
on good practices, relevant standards and processes, 
partnerships, strategic goals, KPIs and impact 
measurement, we have been exploring priority topics to 
incorporate into the framework. 
 
We are committed to providing and supporting decent 
and meaningful work for all workers across our 
value chain. We have taken many actions to better 
understand the needs of drivers and seafarers, and 
have identified multiple opportunities to improve 
working conditions in the coming years (page 49). 
The responsible recruitment of migrant workers 
continues to be a particularly critical area of focus. 
During FY23, the IKEA business collaborated with the 
International Organization for Migration (IOM) on 
a project concerning the human rights of migrant 
workers (page 51).
We also continued our work around responsible wage 
practices, by introducing our methodology to all parts 
of the business, including IKEA franchisees. We are now 
assessing and identifying gaps related to responsible 
wage practices and will develop a roadmap to close 
them (page 50).
In FY23, we launched an updated People Strategy, 
strengthening the equality, diversity and inclusion 
(ED&I) direction and ambition across all IKEA 
businesses. With "An Inclusive IKEA" as one of three 
focus areas, we're developing ED&I competences and 
creating the preconditions for ED&I topics to drive our 
people processes.
Being a responsible business and contributing to 
resilient societies
• Respecting human rights and children’s rights by 
operationalising the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights and the Children’s Rights and 
Business Principles, ensuring we address the most 
critical human rights risks and impacts across our value 
chain. We also commit to promoting human rights and 
children’s rights in society.
• Ensuring ethical business practices, including 
combating corruption, securing ethical handing of data 
and digital technologies, complying with corporate tax 
policies, and being transparent about taxes paid. Read 
more in our Inter IKEA Group Tax Report FY23.
• Securing a strong approach in relation to climate, 
health, political and social justice crises to secure the 
safety, livelihoods and resilience of our co-workers and 
partners across our value chain.
• Engaging with communities building on our role as a 
home furnishing business and leader in life at home to 
create a positive social impact.
Providing and supporting decent and meaningful work 
across the IKEA value chain
• Providing living wages and income in IKEA operations 
and supporting the same among our business partners 
and in the wider sectors of which we are a part.
• Providing and supporting safe and healthy work, 
labour rights, and social protection and striving 
towards securing stable and predictable work for 
everyone in the IKEA value chain. Securing a just 
transition to a net-zero and circular economy with a 
focus on enabling decent work through, for example, 
upskilling and reskilling to meet future demands.
• Providing and promoting that everyone in the IKEA 
value chain is empowered to play an active role in their 
work. Everyone is free to join or form associations of 
their choice (or to refrain from doing so) and bargain 
collectively.
• Providing and promoting that everyone in the IKEA 
value chain is recruited in a responsible way and free to 
enter into and terminate employment.
Being an equal, diverse and inclusive business
• Embracing all dimensions of human diversity and 
striving to reflect the demographics of the societies 
in which we operate. Actively working to prevent 
discrimination and ensuring equality in opportunity 
and treatment.
• Promoting accessible and inclusive workplaces, both in 
structure and culture, where people can be themselves 
and their voices are heard.
• Being a child-friendly business, securing child 
safeguarding, family-friendly practices, and inclusion 
and empowerment of children and youth.
• Securing a more inclusive and diverse IKEA value chain 
by integrating social businesses, minority-owned 
enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 48:
48 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
FY23 key activities
Being a responsible business
We have set a strategic commitment to 
operationalise our contribution to resilient societies 
and promote and respect human rights, in line with 
the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights (UNGPs) and the Children's Rights and 
Business Principles (CRBPs) by 2030.
Continuing our efforts to prevent and 
address children's rights risks deeper in our 
supply chains
The IKEA business, together with the Centre 
for Child Rights and Business, is working to 
create awareness on children’s rights and 
risks, as well as to strengthen child protection 
efforts deeper in our supply chain.
In FY22, we completed pilot projects to better 
understand the risks and impact on children 
in the natural fibres supply chain, in which 
materials are often harvested in the wild. We 
developed child protection guidelines and 
piloted child protection training for suppliers, 
sub-suppliers collectors and harvesters.
During FY23, we supported the opening 
of a child-friendly space in the village of 
a sub-supplier for one of our key rattan 
furniture suppliers in Indonesia. Young 
children of rattan workers can now access 
the facilities, where they're supervised by 
trained caregivers. This improves child safety 
When the war began in 2022, we paused our 
operations in Ukraine to prioritise the safety and 
security of co-workers and partners. Since then, 
we have been monitoring the situation, both from 
a humanitarian and a business perspective. We 
have remained in close dialogue with our business 
partners in Ukraine with the long-term goal to 
restart operations.
According to the UNGPs, in times of conflict, 
companies are expected to conduct heightened 
human rights due diligence.
As we continue to evaluate the situation, we're 
using a risk-based approach and take into account 
our responsibilities under both human rights and 
international humanitarian law. 
After extensive evaluation, including risk 
assessments, auditing, and conducting heightened 
human rights due diligence and discussions, we 
were able to restart operations with a few direct 
partners in the southwestern region of Ukraine, 
where the situation is most stable. We continue to 
monitor and conduct further evaluations. 
In addition to supporting our business partners 
close to affected areas, the IKEA business has also 
been supporting organisations such as UNHCR, 
UNICEF, and Save the Children since the beginning 
of the invasion, providing both monetary and in-
kind donations for children and their families.
  
During FY23, in close co-operation with UNHCR, 
the IKEA business provided over 850,000 home 
furnishing products from Ingka Group retail (with 
an estimated retail value of EUR 9 million) to 
support people who have been forced to leave their 
homes. 
WAR IN UKRAINE
Restarting supplier operations in Ukraine 
in a stepwise approach with heightened 
human rights due diligence
by ensuring children are not left unattended or 
join their parents at the rattan processing site.
Farm workers who are parents have received 
additional training on children’s rights. Youth in 
the community have received life skills such as 
training on children’s rights and basic literacy 
skills on personal health.  
During FY24, the Centre for Child Rights and 
Business will continue the project in Indonesia 
and in Vietnam. The IKEA business, together 
with our suppliers, will use the knowledge 
gained to create awareness deeper in our 
supply chains.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 49:
49 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Global survey of drivers’ working 
conditions in the IKEA supply chain
For the second time, we conducted Drivers’ 
Voice – a global, anonymous survey of 
truck drivers in the IKEA supply chain. From 
IKEA distribution centres and stores to our 
suppliers, the survey covered 90 locations 
across 20 countries, capturing responses 
from over 2000 truck drivers.
We found the majority of drivers view 
their experience with IKEA driver facilities 
positively. In comparison to the previous 
survey, participants reported fewer delays 
waiting for goods to be loaded.
Based on the feedback from Drivers’ 
Voice, we are now addressing potential 
improvements at individual IKEA locations. 
To tackle industry-wide challenges, we also 
continue our work with the Responsible 
Trucking Initiative – a collaboration with 
other shippers and transport providers 
committed to addressing social risks and 
working conditions of truck drivers.
Improving road safety 
Road safety is fundamental to IKEA supply 
chain operations. We recognise our shared 
responsibility to contribute towards the UN 
Sustainability Development Goal of halving 
the global number of deaths and injuries 
from road crashes by 2030.
This year, together with one of our transport 
and logistics service providers and five 
sub-contractors, we piloted a road safety 
management system in Vietnam to better 
understand driving behaviour within IKEA 
goods transport and engage drivers on road 
safety topics.
In addition to improving drivers’ road 
safety awareness, the project also involved 
company leaders and led to the creation of 
an internal road safety management system. 
Through systematic engagement, we create 
a foundation for reducing risks to drivers and 
other road users.
Promoting human rights 
Promoting human rights includes working 
together with partners (page 57) and 
contributing to public discussion with our 
perspectives. 
In April 2023, Inter IKEA Group joined more 
than 40 other companies, businesses, and 
networks in reaffirming our support for the 
EU's Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence 
Directive (CSDDD), promoting and respecting 
human rights in line with international 
standards of the UNGPs and the OECD 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
In December 2023, the EU agreed to a position 
to adopt the CSDDD marking, a breakthrough 
for the critical issues of child labour, slavery, 
labour exploitation, pollution, environmental 
degradation and biodiversity loss.
Securing seafarers’ rights in the IKEA supply 
chain 
In FY23, to address the topic of seafarers’ rights 
and wellbeing, we began to develop ocean 
carrier requirements to ensure decent work for 
seafarers on vessels and ships in the IKEA value 
chain. The requirements are being developed in 
collaboration with our ocean transport service 
providers and other external stakeholders and 
follow the Maritime Labor Convention and other 
applicable maritime conventions.
These requirements will be applicable to ocean 
transport service providers and will be introduced 
to our business partners during FY24. 
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
Building our approach to ethical handling of 
data and digital technologies
Data and digital technologies come with 
increasing ethical, regulatory and human rights 
considerations. We have committed to a human-
centric approach for our digital touchpoints and 
data-driven processes and have been developing 
this across the IKEA business in FY23.
We started to set requirements for the 
responsible adoption of artificial intelligence 
and robotics for automation, began developing 
features in our digital interfaces for people 
with disabilities or impairments, and identified 
guidelines for online personalisation. During 
FY24, we will continue to learn, partner and 
develop to ensure the ethical handling of data 
and digital technologies. 

Page 50:
50 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Decent and meaningful work
We're committed to providing and supporting 
decent and meaningful work across the value chain. 
IKEA Industry is the Inter IKEA owned strategic manufacturer that 
produces IKEA home furnishing products. Health and safety is a 
top priority to secure a safe workplace for the over 14,000 IKEA 
Industry co-workers. Incident reporting is an important driver 
in identifying improvements to prevent future accidents, and in 
FY23, 14,400 incidents were reported (FY22: 13,000).
To support a safe working place, we closely monitor, record 
and act on incidents2 with the aim of decreasing the number of 
accidents3 year on year.
 
Our goal is for all co-workers to be safe at work and return home 
safely every day. In FY23, we saw a decrease not only in reported 
lost time accidents (LTA)4 but in the frequency of these accidents 
as well (FY22: 134, 4.4).  
IKEA Industry striving to make workplaces safe, everyday 
Responsible wage practices
Our journey to take a holistic approach to responsible 
wage practices (RWP), putting equal focus on equality 
at work, pay principles, competence, dialogue and a 
living wage, continues across all IKEA businesses. 
In FY23, RWP was introduced and began being 
implemented in all parts of our business. The pace of 
implementation is determined by various business 
realities and local prerequisites.  
A baseline assessment was completed in 31 IKEA retail 
markets,1 showing areas for improvement, including 
competence development. Action plans are now in 
place to improve identified areas and to establish 
systematic ways of working with RWP processes. 
Other IKEA franchisees are in the exploration phase 
and planning for RWP baseline assessments in FY24. 
To better support the implementation of RWP into 
various IKEA businesses and beyond, we have been 
gathering and sharing learnings, both from internal 
partners and from other companies, as well as 
external parties like the Fair Wage Network and 
WageIndicator Foundation.   
We actively support the global movement towards 
decent work and living wages and the ambition to 
publish a global database on living wages. 
IKEA INDUSTRY
123
134FY22 
FY23 
FY21 
IKEA Industry
LTA – Lost time accident* trend
* Accidents requiring a minimum of one day sick leave.
88
13.0
FY23 
FY21 
* Unsafe conditions, unsafe acts and near misses that 
could have led to an accident.
IKEA Industry 
Reported incidents* (thousands)
FY22 
56.3
14.4
2 An unsafe condition, unsafe behaviour or a near miss.
3 An occurrence resulting in damage or injury.
4 An on-the-job accident that results in an employee being absent from the workplace for a minimum of one full day work day.
5 Number of accidents reported per working hours. 
4.4
FY23 
FY21 
IKEA Industry 
LTAF – Lost time accident frequency5
FY22 
3.85
3.6
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 
1 All markets operated by the franchisee Ingka Group. 

Page 51:
51 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Strengthening rights of migrant workers 
The responsible recruitment of migrant 
workers continues to be a particularly 
critical area of focus. During FY23, the 
IKEA business collaborated with the 
International Organization for Migration 
(IOM) on a project concerning Migrant-
Centered Human Rights Due Diligence 
Assessment. The aim was to gain deeper 
insights into the risks linked to both 
cross-border and in-country recruitment of 
migrant workers. 
Training was provided 388 IKEA co-workers 
and 1050 workers from our suppliers based 
around the world. The training sessions 
will continue in FY24. Results from the 
project showed a need for industry-wide 
collaboration and collective action on the 
topic of responsible recruitment of migrant 
workers. To better protect migrant workers 
in supply chains and prevent challenges 
and risks associated with the labour 
migration process, both in country of origin 
and country of destination, businesses 
need to focus efforts on three areas: 
reviewing auditing systems, providing 
training to ensure a good understanding 
of the labour migration process and ability 
to identify risks in the context of local 
migration, and ensuring access to effective 
grievance mechanisms and remediation 
processes.
Defining the IKEA approach to a just 
transition
We have committed to take action to 
strengthen the resilience of people in our 
value chain and in the communities where 
we operate, focusing on those who are 
most vulnerable. This includes supporting 
people as society transitions to net-
zero industries and a circular economy, 
through upskilling and reskilling to meet 
future demands and ensure no one is left 
behind.
We are currently working to define 
what a just transition means for the 
IKEA business, applying a rights-based 
lens, reflecting on the impacts of our 
environmental commitments and targets 
on people, as well as connecting with and 
involving those most vulnerable.
Inclusion of young workers in the IKEA 
supply chain
We continue to work with a project 
launched in 2021 that aims to further 
strengthen the inclusion of young workers 
in the IKEA supply chain, including providing 
decent work and learning opportunities. 
Last year, 16 factories located in East 
Asia, Southeast Asia and South America 
participated in the project. Together with 
our suppliers, we focused on capacity-
building, gap assessments and system 
improvements. 
We held training sessions on the 
recruitment process for young workers, 
such as each country's legal requirements 
and obligations. Topics included: 
appropriate work for young workers by 
industry, systems for recruitment and 
employment, and communication and 
dialogue with young workers.
We also performed gap assessments on 
responsible recruitment mechanisms, 
including reviewing policies to promote 
decent work opportunities, written 
processes for recruitment and employment, 
training and job rotation plans for young 
workers.  
In FY24, we will continue to promote 
inclusion of young workers and the youth 
development programme to our business 
partners in other regions, for example, in 
South Asia.
Addressing concerns through a grievance 
mechanism
In FY23, Inter IKEA Group continued work to 
establish a grievance mechanism encompassing 
the IKEA value chain so that workers and other 
stakeholders have an avenue to reach out to us 
and raise a concern (page 58). 
A pilot programme, expected to start in FY24 
across three markets, will study how to best 
communicate and operate the grievance 
mechanism.  
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 52:
52 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
IKEA People Strategy for a more 
inclusive IKEA
In FY23, we launched an updated People 
Strategy to strengthening the equality, 
diversity and inclusion (ED&I) direction 
and ambition across all IKEA businesses, 
creating a foundation for working with 
the topic across our value chain. With "An 
Inclusive IKEA" one of three focus areas, 
we're developing ED&I competences, 
mainly among leaders and co-workers 
in our People & Culture group. This work 
will create the preconditions to lead ED&I 
topics in a systematic way across human 
resource processes and as an integrated 
part of the business agenda. In order 
to set measurable, quantitative and 
qualitative targets, the development of 
people analytics and a co-worker insights 
survey has been prioritised and will be 
introduced in FY24.
The following concrete steps have been 
taken. 
Equality, diversity and inclusion 
The IKEA business is actively working to 
support and welcome people from all 
backgrounds and identities in our operations.
1 Persons of all gender identities refer to women, men, persons of non-binary gender identities, and persons with different gender expressions.
2 Figures for Al-Homaizi are inclusive of in-sourced support functions. 
3 Including IKEA Älmhult and Inter IKEA Group functions.
Gender balance has improved 
In FY23, the gender balance improved in many 
IKEA businesses compared to FY22. During 
the year, 6 out of 12 franchisees took steps to 
increase the number of women co-workers, 
and 8 out of 12 increased the number of 
women managers.
3 out of 12 IKEA franchisees have reached at 
least 50% of their management positions filled 
by women, with 6 out of 12 reaching over 40%.  
In Ingka Group, 50% of managers and 48% of 
CEOs identified as women in FY23, an increase 
from 45% in FY22.
We are working to expand our view on how 
to measure dimensions of diversity, including 
gender. Read more about our diversity data 
in the Inter IKEA Holding B.V. Annual Report 
for FY23.
• Launched holistic ED&I competence 
development training with 
management team workshops 
offered and facilitated across IKEA 
markets, including unconscious bias 
training and LGBTQ+ inclusion.
• Developed and launched a practical 
guide to accelerate ED&I focused on 
four identity dimensions: gender,1 
age, ethnicity and persons with 
disabilities. It enables assessment and 
goal-setting activities that will bring 
ED&I in line with the business agenda.
• Established the ED&I franchisee 
network, bringing together ED&I 
leaders across the IKEA franchise 
system. 
• Established co-worker resource 
communities across the IKEA 
business, inviting co-workers to 
contribute to a more inclusive IKEA 
business and workplace.
Co-worker gender diversity in FY23
 % Co-workers  % Managers
Ingka Group
Inter 
IKEA Group
Al-Futtaim
Dairy Farm
Ikano Group
Miklatorg
Al-Homaizi2
House Market
Sarton
Al-Sulaiman
MAPA
Northen Birch
Falabella
IKEA 
franchisees
29 71
47 53
48 52
59 41 56 44
22 78
60 40
26 74
46 54
49 42 58
75
52 48
30 70
48 52
23 77
40 60
47 53
5149
48 52
 % Management team  % Supervisory board
MenWomen
Inter IKEA 
Holding
Franchise3
Range
Supply
54 46 50 50
55
52
43
45 55 4546
44
40 33
67
5834
54
56
60 67
33
426657
48
25
 % Co-workers  % Managers
51
47 53
49 51
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 53:
53 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Steps taken across many IKEA 
organisations to improve gender balance 
and other aspects of diversity
During FY23, the franchisee Ingka Group 
focused on three strategic priorities: 
gender, ethnicity, and disabilities. Ingka 
successfully piloted a new programme called 
"Equal UP!", which aims to identify and 
address barriers to equal opportunities for 
people from underrepresented ethnic and 
cultural backgrounds. Ingka also created 
an approach to global disability inclusion – 
building competencies, accountability, and 
leadership – while continuing their efforts 
on inclusive succession planning; 55% of 
those in the talent pipeline for key positions 
identify as women and 50% of the people 
in Ingka leadership programmes identify as 
women.
The franchisee, Al Futtaim, which operates 
in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Oman and Egypt, has a 
commitment to increase the ratio of people 
identifying as women to 35% by 2025. Next 
year, targets will be set for departments 
to influence change in various areas of 
the business. Additionally, a community of 
women in leadership will be established to 
support women's empowerment.
Sarton Group, the franchisee operating in 
the Spanish Islands, Dominican Republic and 
Puerto Rico, has implemented workplace and 
sexual harassment protocols in all locations 
Gender balance in the trucking industry 
In FY23, efforts were made to promote 
gender balance in the transport and 
logistics industry, particularly in India, 
where there is a significant shortage of 
truck drivers. Almost 25% of commercial 
vehicles remain unused due to this 
shortage. 
In India, IKEA Supply Chain Operations 
partnered with Ashok Leyland, a leading 
truck manufacturer, and – using their 
database – identified six women from 
Northern India, who had already trained 
to drive heavy vehicles, to participate 
in further training at Ashok Leyland's 
Rajasthan facility. In May 2023, they 
relocated to the city of Pune to become our 
first-ever women truck drivers at an IKEA 
distribution centre.
The plan is to expand this model to 
continue diversifying the truck driving 
industry in India.
and gender and domestic violence protocols in 
the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico, taking 
greater responsibilities beyond the workplace. In 
the Dominican Republic, Sarton has been working 
together with the Ministry of Women and the 
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) 
towards an equality seal.
With operations in Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, 
the Philippines and Mexico, the franchisee, IKANO 
has taken important steps to support the LGBTQ+ 
community in both Thailand and the Philippines. 
IKEA Thailand celebrated Pride Month by co-hosting 
a public seminar on how to prevent LGBTQ+ 
discrimination and harassment in the workplace. 
An IKEA Philippines' campaign for LGBTQ+ inclusion 
was awarded bronze at the Asia Pacific Tambuli 
Awards 2023, which recognises purpose-driven 
brands.
Inter IKEA Holding B.V. and Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 
have set a minimum target of at least 40% for the 
least represented gender (male or female) in their 
respective Management Boards and Supervisory 
Boards by the end of 2030. Inter IKEA Group aims 
to have equal representation (50%) of females and 
males in management teams by the end of 2030. 
An action plan has been prepared to reach the 
goals and develop a gender-balanced, long-term 
succession pipeline. 
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 54:
54 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Internship to expand the diversity of 
engineers in Sweden
The IKEA business is participating in the 
Jobbsprånget internship programme, an 
initiative by the Swedish Royal Academy 
of Engineering Sciences. The aim of the 
initiative is to support academics new to 
Sweden who find it challenging to enter 
the Swedish job market. During the pilot, 
we were able to employ talented, highly 
motivated and experienced engineers from 
other cultures and markets. As of FY23, 
over 100 interns have found employment 
through the programme, with more than 
50 in the IKEA business. 
New UNHCR pledge
At the UNHCR Global Refugee Forum in 
December 2023, Ingka Group made a new 
commitment to support 3,000 refugees and 
asylum seekers by the end of 2027 through 
their Skills for Employment programme in 
IKEA retail. Surpassing its 2019 commitment 
to support 2,500 people by 2023, the 
programme has supported 2,935 asylum 
seekers and refugees to date, with 54% 
going on to find jobs inside or outside IKEA. 
Additionally, since 2022, the company has 
directly hired 332 forcibly displaced people 
through its Displaced Talent programme. 
IKEA Social Entrepreneurship 
In FY23, IKEA Social Entrepreneurship had a 
total of 12 social business partners producing 
products sold at IKEA stores. Through these 
partnerships the IKEA business can support 
people from vulnerable groups around the 
world in finding employment and a steady 
income. The number of people employed 
at social business partners producing IKEA 
products in FY23 grew to 11,200. Over 6,000 
of these are from our newest social business 
partner, Karupannya. In total, over 20,000 jobs 
and income opportunities were sustained by 
our social business partners in FY23, producing 
products for IKEA and other businesses.
Our partnership with Jordan River Foundation 
(JRF) has developed over five years, stabilising 
and growing over time. As of FY23, over 370 
refugee women and Jordanian artisans are 
producing handcrafted products for IKEA 
stores.  
At the UNHCR Global Refugee Forum in 
December 2023, we renewed our commitment 
to employ 400 women at JRF by 2027.
We continued to launch products that sell 
globally, year-round, to increase volumes and 
create consistency in production and income 
security at social businesses.
To continue to play our full part in contributing 
to a fair and equal society we provide ongoing 
support for social entrepreneurs in and beyond 
our value chain.
In FY23, IKEA Social Entrepreneurship B.V 
supported 95 social enterprises in 23 countries 
around the world through a combination 
of impact investment and capacity-building 
accelerator programmes. Two funds were 
newly established: one for supporting refugee 
and migrant employment in Poland and 
Romania, the other providing capital for social 
enterprises in the waste sector in India. With 
a focus on circularity, inclusive employment 
and sustainable agriculture, five accelerator 
programmes supported 80 social enterprises 
to strengthen their business and increase 
their impact for people from vulnerable and 
marginalised groups. Read more examples 
from IKEA Social Entrepreneurship.
The latest global collection created together with social businesses was 
launched in FY23 and had an increase in sales of over 35% compared to 
last year’s global collection, VÅRDANDE.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 55:
55 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
IWAY – the IKEA supplier code of conduct
IWAY is the IKEA way of responsibly 
procuring products, services, materials 
and components. It’s a complete 
sustainability system for working 
together with all suppliers throughout 
our value chain. It’s also the IKEA 
supplier code of conduct and a 
development programme for supplier 
sustainability practices.
In FY23, we continued the implementation of 
the IWAY Digital Platform Work Section 6.0 
among suppliers who rely on digital platforms 
to provide services for the IKEA business. These 
services typically include customer delivery 
and installation with workers who often 
function independently and don't maintain an 
employment relationship with the suppliers 
or digital platforms. One challenge in such 
instances is implementing requirements for 
systems to register working hours. 
 
During the year, to support suppliers 
implementing IWAY, we offered more than 
1,000 implementation activities. These include 
capacity-building and training on topics 
like internal auditing, health and safety and 
responsible recruitment. Read more about how 
we work with IWAY. 
In total, we have around 800 home furnishings suppliers for 
Inter IKEA Group. The largest home furnishing purchasing 
region in terms of volumes is Europe.1 We believe in building 
long-term relationships with our suppliers and emphasise 
supplier development. The average length of collaboration 
with our home furnishing suppliers is 11 years. We take 
efforts to understand specific local contexts and take a 
consistent and risk-based approach to securing good social, 
environmental and working conditions.
While IWAY has a focus on supporting our suppliers 
with their continuous development journey, 
compliance with mandatory IWAY requirements 
remains the foundation of our partnerships with 
suppliers. In FY23, more than 1,000 verification 
activities were performed in the Inter IKEA Group 
supply chain. They include gap assessments 
for new suppliers and full or focused audits for 
existing suppliers. Following the pandemic, audits 
are back on track, with remote audits being just 
one of the types of verification activities. Read 
more about IWAY audits.
The IWAY System is continuously developed 
and improved to maintain relevance. During 
FY23, we launched new IWAY requirements for 
ocean transport service providers, strengthening 
requirements on decent work for for seafarers 
working on vessels and ships in the IKEA value 
chain (page 49). In addition, we have started work 
to strengthen the IWAY Animal Welfare Section 
with additional criteria addressing animal welfare 
in all IKEA supply chains (page 40). We also started 
developing requirements for agriculture supply 
chains, strengthening our responsible sourcing in 
both environmental and social aspects. In parallel 
we started to develop the roadmap for supply 
chain compliance with mandatory requirements in 
the upcoming IWAY Agriculture Section.
Top home furnishing purchasing markets
(% of total volumes purchased)
25% 
China
17% 
Other
9% 
Italy 20% 
Poland
8% 
Lithuania
5% 
Germany
5% 
Romania
4% 
Sweden
2% 
India
3% 
Vietnam
2% 
Türkiye
1 The purchasing share for EU in value is 64%.
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 56:
56 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
1 To create one competence centre for purchasing the supply of raw materials and components, as of 1 September 2021, the purchase of direct 
material for IKEA owned factories of IKEA Industry is led from IKEA Components.
2 The table does not include local suppliers to IKEA franchisees.
3  Some suppliers and service providers have multiple production and service units. IWAY applies on a unit level.
4  No air freight is used for our product transport.
5  This figure doesn’t include digital suppliers.
6  The FY21 result is lower compared to FY20 due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on audits at sub-contractors, where many verification 
activities were reduced or put on hold due to worldwide travel restrictions.
7  The FY23 result is lower compared to FY22 as a number of verifications have recently expired and are in the process of being reviewed.
Inter IKEA Group suppliers and service providers actively working with IWAY1
IKEA
supplier type2
Number of 
production 
and service 
units3 FY23
Description
IWAY Basic requirements fulfilled 
(% of all suppliers)
FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23
Home furnishing suppliers 1,383 Manufacture IKEA home 
furnishing products 
 95  99  99  99.8
Transport and distribution 
suppliers (often referred 
to as partners and service 
providers)4
 
395 Transport IKEA products from 
suppliers to, and between stores 
and distribution centres
 94  97  99  99.8
Food suppliers 441 Provide the food and ingredients 
for the IKEA bistros, restaurants, 
and Swedish Food Markets
 99  99  99  99.9
IKEA Components 1,215 Provide components and 
materials used in IKEA home 
furnishing products to IKEA 
suppliers and sub-contractors
 95  98  99  99.9
IKEA global media 
productions 
32 Provide pulp, paper, and print 
services for global media 
productions5
93 94 95 99.5
Critical sub-contractors 4,995 Critical home furnishing sub-
contractors where compliance 
towards IWAY Must has been 
verified
95 806 89 717
Non-conformities in working hours 
registration, accident insurance and the 
responsible recruitment of migrant workers 
discovered during audits
During IWAY audits performed at suppliers 
in FY23, the most commonly identified non-
conformities to IWAY Must requirements were 
connected to the following issues:
• Insufficient systems for registering working 
hours, including overtime, were found at 13 
suppliers.
• Non-compliance to the accident insurance 
requirement was identified at seven suppliers. 
The accident insurance requirement was 
strengthened in IWAY 6 and now includes 
occupational illnesses. Including occupational 
illnesses is new in some regions and has led 
to non-conformities, despite implementation 
support to suppliers.
• We identified cases of non-conformity on 
responsible recruitment of migrant workers 
at three suppliers. Securing compliance with 
IWAY requirements on responsible recruitment 
of migrant workers is an important area that 
we are working on in all markets where we 
operate.
As with all IWAY deviations, we take these issues 
very seriously and are following the IWAY process 
of identifying root causes, securing that suppliers 
implement corrective actions, and phasing out 
suppliers who don't address the issues in a 
reliable and consistent way. During FY23, we 
ended our partnership with seven suppliers due to 
IWAY non-compliance.
Competence development a focus of 
collaboration with our suppliers
Competence development is one of the key 
components of the IWAY implementation 
support to suppliers. All IKEA suppliers perform 
internal audits to assess compliance with IWAY 
requirements at least once a year. Having an 
internal verification process and system in place 
enables the suppliers to proactively address 
deviations, as well as develop knowledge and 
understanding of the IWAY requirements and 
their implementation in their organisation. 
Supplier-led IWAY audits do not replace IWAY 
audits performed by IKEA teams or third-party 
auditors. 
During FY23, regional teams of IKEA co-
workers supported 22 suppliers implementing 
supplier-led verification activities. Supporting 
and strengthening their ability to self-manage, 
the IWAY system builds competences and 
enhanced outcomes and leads to discussion on 
sustainability topics between IKEA co-workers 
and suppliers. 
Verifying no child labour at suppliers
During the IWAY audits and verification activities 
performed in FY23, no suspected or confirmed 
cases of child labour were identified. We closely 
monitor for this at all our suppliers and are 
continuing to work to prevent and address 
children's rights risks deeper in supply chains 
(page 48). 
Healthy & sustainable living  -  Our circularity agenda  -  Our climate agenda  -  Regenerating resources  -  Fair & equal  -  IWAY
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 57:
57 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
An essential part of reaching the IKEA sustainability 
goals is working together with others. It's important 
to develop strong and meaningful relationships.
When we work together, we can drive and support 
change, learn, inspire each other and find the best 
solutions. Our key stakeholder groups are:
• Co-workers: The 219,000 IKEA co-workers from 
around the world share a special set of values 
and a vision to enable people to live a better, 
more sustainable everyday life. They come 
together in diverse, inclusive and open IKEA 
environments, where each can offer something 
unique. Every co- worker plays a role in creating a 
better business.
• Communities: We engage in the communities 
where we operate to learn and share ideas while 
working collaboratively to create positive impacts 
on the environment, livelihoods and local 
economies.
• Suppliers and partners: Working with over 
1,600 direct suppliers and service providers in 
the areas of transport, logistics and distribution 
services, components, and food to minimise the 
environmental footprint of the total IKEA supply 
chain and beyond, while improving working 
conditions. There are millions of workers who 
– through our suppliers and service providers 
– source, make and transport our products and 
components, provide food for our restaurants 
and supply essential services to IKEA companies.
• Customers: In order to live up to the IKEA vision 
of creating a better everyday life for the many 
people, we need to understand the needs of 
our customers. The IKEA business engages with 
customers in many ways, such as in stores, 
online, by visiting them at home and via IKEA 
FAMILY. Each year, IKEA co-workers conduct 
thousands of home visits around the world. 
The data and insights collected are used in the 
development of IKEA products and services. Since 
2016, we've also conducted an annual global 
survey about life at home around the world.' The 
results are published in the Life at Home Report.
• Partners and collaborators: The IKEA business 
partners and collaborates with many external 
organisations that are committed to tackling 
large and complex global sustainability 
challenges that both impact and are impacted 
by the IKEA business. Our partners and 
collaborators include businesses, governments, 
universities and NGOs.
Below is a select list of partners and collaborators 
we worked with during FY23. Read more about 
IKEA stakeholder engagement.  
• Business for Nature
• Business for Social Responsibility (BSR)
• The Centre for Child Rights and Business 
• Climate and Clean Air Coalition (CCAC) 
• Consumers Goods Forum (CGF)            
• Ellen MacArthur Foundation (EMF) 
• EuroCommerce
• European Furniture Industries Confederation 
(EFIC)
• Exponential Roadmap Initiative (ERi) 
• GlobeScan
• ILO Child Labour Platform 
• Inner Development Goals
• Institute for Human Rights and Business (IHRB)
• International Chamber of Commerce (ICC)
• International Organization for Migration (IOM)
• International Social and Environmental 
Accreditation and Labelling (ISEAL) Alliance
• Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment 
(LGRR)
• Nordic Business Network for Human Rights 
(NBNHR)
• Nordic Innovation Ethical AI Expert Group
• One Young World
• Our Normal
• Real Play Coalition'
• Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 
• Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) 
• Stockholm Environment Institute (SEI)
• The Climate Group and its EV100, EV100+ and 
RE100 initiatives
• The 10 YFP/One Planet Network 
• UNFCCC, including Race to Zero 
• UN Global Compact
• UNICEF
• World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD)
• World Economic Forum
• We Mean Business Coalition 
• World Resources Institute (WRI) 
• WWF
• 50L Home Coalition
Stakeholder engagement 
1 Through Ingka Group.
2 This is an Ingka Group initiative.
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 58:
58 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
Sustainability is an integrated part of our business 
and is led from a holistic perspective with an aligned 
overall direction. Each part of the IKEA business 
contributes to the total IKEA sustainability agenda. 
Strategic Sustainability Council
The total IKEA sustainability direction (ambitions and 
commitments) is set by the Strategic Sustainability 
Council, hosted and led by Inter IKEA Systems 
B.V., chaired by the CEO of Inter IKEA Group. It's 
comprised of representatives from Inter IKEA Group 
and the franchisees to ensure alignment across 
the IKEA franchise system while respecting their 
independence.
Sustainability working groups, with experts from 
Inter IKEA Group and franchisees, discuss and align 
strategic initiatives to fulfil the IKEA sustainability 
strategy.
Inter IKEA Group sustainability management
Inter IKEA Group sustainability management 
is responsible for aligning and developing 
sustainability ambitions and commitments and 
reporting on performance. The group also provides 
recommendations on strategic business decisions 
with environmental and social impacts and prepares 
content and decisions for the Strategic Sustainability 
Council.
Ethics and integrity
The IKEA way of doing business is strongly rooted in 
the IKEA values and culture – which is reflected in our 
actions, decisions and behaviours. This behavioural 
part is reflected in how we do business and how 
we interact with each other, our business partners 
and customers. The IKEA business requirements 
cover a wide range of topics, including business 
ethics. Important documents covering business 
requirements are:
• Code of conduct: for Inter IKEA Group co-workers
• IConduct: for IKEA franchisees
• IWAY: for IKEA suppliers and service providers
The Inter IKEA Group Code of Conduct, introduced in
2016, is undergoing a revision and is expected to 
launch in FY24. It will be accompanied by wider
communication on ethics. The objective is to foster
an ethical workplace and to stimulate dialogue on
ethical dilemmas.
Raising a concern
The IKEA business promotes a culture of 
inclusiveness, and everyone is encouraged and
should feel empowered to come forward and raise
any concerns they might have. Inter IKEA Group offers
different options to raise concerns via our feedback
culture, either by addressing the situation to the
person directly, with a manager or a People & Culture
colleague, or through the Raise a Concern
platform.
• Read more about the Inter IKEA Group Raise a 
Concern environment.
In FY23, 129 concerns related to Inter IKEA Group were
reported. The majority of the concerns
were reported in the supply operations, which have
the most co-workers. Most cases reported concerned
either HR or business ethics related topics (e.g.,
harassment, discrimination, leadership behaviour,
conflict of interest and bribery). 82% of the concerns
raised were found to be (partly) substantiated,
leading to different disciplinary actions and process
improvements.
Inter IKEA Group is committed to operating a
sustainable business with respect for human rights
and ensuring fair and safe working conditions in
our value chain. Our supplier code of conduct, IWAY,
explains our expectations towards our business
partners thereon. One of the requirements in IWAY is
that our business partners should have a grievance
mechanism in place for their workers. 
In FY23, Inter IKEA Group continued exploring the 
possibilities for setting up a grievance mechanism 
for the IKEA value chain so that workers can also 
reach out to the IKEA business to raise a concern 
as last resort. We aim to fulfil our commitments to 
engage stakeholders and provide the means by which 
people can bring serious non-compliance issues with 
IWAY to our attention. A pilot is expected to start in 
FY24 in three selected markets to study how to best 
communicate and operate the grievance mechanism.  
The IKEA Sustainability Report and the Climate Report
summarise the combined performance of companies
operating within the IKEA franchise system and/
or in the IKEA value chain. These reports do not 
address any formal reporting requirement that may 
be applicable to companies covered in the report. 
Inter IKEA Group will report under the EU Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive when applicable in 
FY26, for which preparations are ongoing.
Read more
For tax and financial compliance-related reporting, 
please refer to company-specific reports. Inter IKEA 
Group publishes its reports on Inter.IKEA.com.
IKEA franchisees often issue their own reports, 
which may include both the IKEA business and other 
businesses. Please refer to these reports for more 
detailed information about each franchisee.
Sustainability governance
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

Page 59:
59 - IKEA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY23
SDG index
The United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) provide a framework for collective 
action to tackle global issues, such as poverty, 
gender equality and climate change. We 
recognise that we have an important role to 
play in contributing to achieving the SDGs, 
using the global influence of the IKEA Brand 
and value chain. The SDGs have been used as 
one of the key inputs when the People & Planet 
Positive strategy and the ambitions for 2030 
were developed. In FY24, we will review how 
we contribute to the SDGs and report on the 
outcomes of our work.
In this table, we summarise how the IKEA 
business, through its strategy, contributes to 
the SDGs.
1. No poverty Fair & equal Fair & equal
IWAY
Fair & equal
Our circularity agenda
Regenerating resources
Our climate agenda
Fair & equal
Fair & equal
Fair & equal
Fair & equal
IWAY
Our circularity agenda
Our climate agenda
Healthy & sustainable living
Healthy & sustainable living
Regenerating resources
Healthy & sustainable living
IWAY
Healthy & sustainable living
Our circularity agenda
Regenerating resources
IWAY
Our climate agenda
IWAY
Regenerating resources
Regenerating resourcesHealthy & sustainable living
Regenerating resources
Healthy & sustainable living
Our climate agenda
2. Zero hunger
4. Quality education
5. Gender equality
3. Good health & 
well-being
6. Clean water & 
sanitation
7. Affordable & clean 
energy
8. Decent work & 
economic growth
9. Industry, innovation 
and infrastructure
11. Sustainable cities & 
communities
13. Climate action
15. Life on land
16. Peace, justice and 
strong institutions
17. Partnerships for the 
goals
10. Reduced inequalities
14. Life below water
12. Responsible 
consumption & 
production
Sustainable Development Goals Sustainable Development GoalsInfluence through our strategy Influence through our strategy
Introduction  |  Becoming People & Planet Positive  |  Stakeholder engagement  |  Sustainability governance  |  SDG index 

