Page 1:
Enabling the shift towards clean energy 
for a sustainable future
Annual Integrated Report 2023

Page 2:
Our multisensor module for smart buildings measures 
various physical parameters, enabling data-driven 
processes for efficient energy management, cost 
reduction, and minimization of CO2 emissions.
For decades, our commitment to patient safety is evident 
through our high-quality, precise, and safe components, 
including pressure regulators, valves, and assemblies, 
designed for anesthesia and respiratory technology.
HOW OUR PRODUCTS IMPACT EVERYDAY LIFE
Digitally Integrated Smart Building Management Reliability and Innovation in Ventilation Technology
Inductive Heating: Sustainable Technology
Our innovative Compact Lock, designed for tight spaces 
like parcel lockers, offering exceptional impact resistance 
without compromising security. Its cost efficiency allows it 
to compete with the Asian market.
Efficient Security, Global Competitiveness
Boasting speed, accuracy, controllability, repeatability, and 
cleanliness, Kendrion's Modular Inductive Heating System 
supports the transition to greener energy in sectors like 
food processing and printing.
To ensure safety of goods and employees, we offer 
functional safety solutions to monitor the AGV and its 
environment as well as holding brakes to stop the vehicle 
accordingly. 
Automated Processes
In the rapidly evolving world of surgical robotics, precision 
and patient safety are of utmost importance. 
Our brakes play a crucial role, ensuring absolute reliability 
and precise positioning.
Exact Positioning
2Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 3:
In electronic manufacturing, precision is crucial for flawless 
assembly. Kendrion brakes are essential for maintaining 
lightweight robots in the exact position.
Wind turbines generate the electricity needed to keep all 
operations running smoothly. Kendrion brakes keep the 
rotor blades in the optimum position even during heavy 
storms.
Sustainable Power Accuracy in Manufacturing
Our modular valve for semi-active-damping are a game-
changer in automotive technology, providing drivers with 
unparalleled comfort and ride quality. By intelligently 
adjusting the behaviour of the damper to the road 
conditions in real time, these valves enhance the driving 
experience, ensuring a smoother, more controlled journey 
in various terrains.
Elevating Ride Quality: Valves for Semi-Active-Damping
Revolutionizing Daily Commutes with  
Enhanced Vehicle Acoustics
Kendrion's sensor cleaning solutions for Advanced Driver 
Assistance Systems (ADAS) play a crucial role in 
maintaining the reliability and effectiveness of safety 
features in modern vehicles. These distribution systems 
ensure that sensors remain clean and functional under all 
conditions, providing drivers with consistent, dependable 
assistance for a safer driving experience.
Our Multichamber Air Spring-Rate Valves enhance comfort 
and safety in everyday road traveling by offering additional 
functionality and versatility to airsprings. This technology 
enables vehicles to seamlessly adjust to varying driving 
conditions, leading to an efficient, smoother, and safer ride.
Ensuring Clear Vision: Kendrion's Sensor Cleaning 
Solutions for ADAS
Transform your everyday driving experience with 
personalized vehicle soundscapes, adjustable in real-time 
for comfort or excitement, thanks to advanced live 
parametrization technology. Whether stuck in traffic or 
cruising on the highway, the tailored audio environment 
turns every journey into an auditory delight, elevating the 
mundane to the extraordinary.
Revolutionizing Vehicle Dynamics:  
Multichamber Air Spring-Rate Valves
HOW OUR PRODUCTS IMPACT EVERYDAY LIFE
3Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 4:
This document is the PDF version of the 2023 Annual Integrated Report of Kendrion N.V. and has been prepared for ease of use.  
The European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) reporting package is available on the company’s website at www.kendrion.com. 
In case of discrepancies or ambiguities between this PDF version and the ESEF reporting package, the latter prevails.
2 How our products impact everyday life
5 Profile
6 Organization
7 Preface Joep van Beurden, CEO
9 Facts and figures
11 World map
12 Strategy and financial objectives
16 Enabling energy transition
21 Share and shareholder information
24 Members of the Executive Board
25 Report of the Executive Board
25 Industrial activities
28 Driving sustainable innovation, Robert Lewin
30 Automotive activities
33 Kendrion China, Kelly Tuo
35 Financial review
38 Sustainability review
65 People & Culture
73 Outlook
75 Risk management
83 Corporate Governance Report
88 Members of the Supervisory Board 
90 Preface Frits van Hout,  
Chairman of the Supervisory Board
91 Report of the Supervisory Board
96 Remuneration Report
113 Financial statements
189 Other information
189 Provisions in the Articles of Association  
governing the appropriation of profit
190 Independent auditor’s report financial statements
202 Limited assurance report non-financial information
205 Principal subsidiaries
207 Glossary – definitions of non IFRS financial 
measures
209 Reconciliation of non IFRS financial measures
212 About the Sustainability Report
CONTENTS
PHOTOGRAPHY  
AND IMAGES
Wessel de Groot Fotografie 
Kendrion N.V.
Shutterstock 
iStock
A digital version of this Report 
is available on the website 
www.kendrion.com 
along with other publications 
such as press releases.
Annual Integrated Report 2023 4
Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsContents

Page 5:
PROFILE
Kendrion designs, manufacturers and delivers 
intelligent actuators that help advance the global 
push towards electrification and sustainable 
energy.
Today, these compact, smart actuators are used in wind 
turbines, robots, factory automation, electric vehicles, energy 
distribution, and industrial heating processes, where they 
support OEM customers around the world to transition to safer 
and cleaner forms of energy.
As a technology pioneer and innovator, building on a foundation 
of over 100 years of experience, we are driven by a desire  
to explore creative solutions to the engineering challenges of 
tomorrow. Our modular product design approach and agile  
way of working enable us to create complex products and 
customized systems that save our customers time and costs 
and has made Kendrion the trusted partner of some of the 
world’s market leaders in the industrial and automotive 
segments. 
We actively and consciously source, manufacture, and conduct 
our business. Sustainable business practices are integrated in 
our processes and embedded in our culture.
Rooted in Germany, headquartered in The Netherlands, and 
listed on the Amsterdam stock exchange, our footprint extends 
across Europe to the Americas and Asia. 
 Enabling the shift towards clean energy for a sustainable future
Precision. Safety. Motion.
5Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsProfile

Page 6:
ORGANIZATION
AUTOMOTIVE CORE AUTOMOTIVE E
Focus on the production of 
existing valve, actuation and 
control technologies for 
combustion engine commercial 
and passenger car vehicles. 
Focus on the development and 
marketing of advanced smart 
actuator and control technologies 
for electric and autonomous 
driving vehicles.
INDUSTRIAL AUTOMOTIVE
INDUSTRIAL
ACTUATORS AND CONTROLS 
We focus on customized solutions 
for industrial applications based 
on electromagnetic actuators, 
control technology and fluid 
technology.
INDUSTRIAL 
BRAKES
 
We are a full-line provider of 
electromagnetic brakes for 
electromotors in industrial end 
markets.
6Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 7:
PREFACE
Enabling the shift towards clean energy  
for a sustainable future
Reflecting on 2023, it was another year marked by substantial 
external challenges. The continued war in Ukraine, economic 
repercussions from COVID-19 stimulus measures resulting in 
supply chain disruptions and persistent inflation reverberated 
across global businesses. This was compounded in the fall by 
the war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza. Despite this 
challenging environment we delivered solid results.
We are on the brink of a shift in how we obtain our energy, 
moving towards clean sources. Kendrion is in a good position 
to capitalize on the emerging opportunities within our Business 
Groups and in China. The transition to clean energy has only 
just begun, and our organization is poised to fully leverage this 
transformative shift.
I want to express my appreciation to each person at Kendrion 
for their dedication, pursuit of excellence, and ability to face 
challenges with a positive outlook. The hard work of our people 
has had a significant impact as we persist in our efforts to make 
our company better.
Solid results in a volatile market
We began 2023 with optimism, eager to return to business as 
usual. However, reality proved different: volatile market 
conditions continued to impact our operations across all 
Business Groups and geographical areas. Particularly, the 
economies of Germany and China, responsible for almost half 
of our revenue, did not meet expectations. 
The resulting slowdown, especially in Industrial Brakes, 
demanded flexibility in our resource and production planning.  
In the automotive industry, the number of passenger cars 
produced increased and fortunately displayed less volatility and, 
consequently, better predictability in order patterns. During 
2023, we successfully increased our Automotive sales prices, 
leading to improved financial performance, especially in the 
second half of 2023. 
In this difficult business environment, our Group revenue 
remained flat at EUR 518.5 million compared to  
EUR 519.3 million in 2022. In Industrial, revenue decreased  
by 7% from EUR 276.5 million in 2022 to EUR 256.5 million, 
primarily due to a sharp reduction in demand for industrial 
brakes, especially in Germany and China. Organic revenue  
in Industrial remains 17% higher than pre-COVID levels, 
constituting 49% of the total Group’s revenue. In Automotive, 
revenue grew by 8%, reaching EUR 262.0 million. Automotive 
Core realized EUR 189.5 million revenue and Automotive E 
EUR 72.5 million. This growth can be attributed to sales price 
increases in Automotive Core and the implementation of 
projects in Automotive E. 
Focus on clean energy solutions across Business Groups
All our Business Groups and our operations in China focus on 
delivering smart actuator products that support the broad 
energy transition away from oil, natural gas, and coal, towards 
clean forms of energy. 
Joep van Beurden, CEO
7Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 8:
In Automotive we specialize in actuators for sound, suspension, 
and smart actuation – three products specifically aimed at 
Autonomous, Connected, Electrified and Shared vehicles, or 
ACES. In Industrial Brakes (IB), despite the downcycle in 2023, 
we benefit from the fast-growing market for electromotors. 
Since our brakes are sold as part of an electromotor, IB’s 
business is related to the flourishing market for electrified 
solutions. This includes areas such as intralogistics (AGVs and 
electric forklift trucks, and more), robotics and wind power.  
The product portfolio of our Business Group Industrial 
Actuators and Controls (IAC) includes modular, electrified 
induction heating systems to replace traditional heating 
solutions using gas or oil, circuit brakers for electricity 
distribution systems, and a safety actuator for nuclear power 
facilities.
Securing profitable growth
In 2023, we implemented two significant strategic changes  
that reflect our confidence in emerging opportunities: the further 
advancement of the establishment of the Automotive E 
organization and the inauguration of our state-of-the-art factory 
in China.
To sharpen our focus on ACES, on 31 December 2022 we 
completed the restructuring of the Automotive Group into two 
units: Automotive Core and Automotive E. While Automotive 
Core focuses on existing technologies for vehicles with an 
internal combustion engine (ICE), Automotive E is dedicated to 
opportunities within the Autonomous, Connected, Electrified 
and Shared (ACES) mobility transition. 
Throughout 2023, we further advanced the new structure 
which enhanced the efficiency and cash generation of our 
existing combustion engine business, accelerated our 
innovation, and facilitated the development of strategically 
relevant products such as AVAS sound systems, active 
suspension, and smart actuators for sensor cleaning, seat 
massage valves and battery cooling. Notably the Automotive E 
organization contributed around EUR 230 million in won 
projects to our long term orderbook. 
Furthermore, our new 28,000 m² state-of-the-art factory in 
China, fully operational since May 2023, has improved our 
ability to serve Chinese customers. As the largest facility in  
the Kendrion Group, this new factory positions us well to 
capitalize on our project pipeline and the numerous 
opportunities we are pursuing in China. We anticipate reaching 
maximum capacity in 3 to 4 years from now. In the first full year 
In 2023, we implemented two significant strategic 
changes that reflect our confidence in emerging 
opportunities: the further advancement of the 
establishment of the Automotive E organization and  
the inauguration of our state-of-the-art factory in China.
of operation, we expect to ramp up production for six new 
Automotive E projects. This would not have been possible 
without the new facility.
Outlook
The outlook for 2024 remains uncertain due to a potential 
recession in Europe and sustained weakness in the Chinese 
economy impacting global economic activity. Looking beyond 
the short term uncertainties, however, the global transition 
towards clean energy sources – electrical power, green 
hydrogen, and nuclear power – presents Kendrion with  
a growing list of opportunities. Positioned strategically, we 
anticipate substantial business growth in the years to come. 
Our focus remains on growth initiatives aligned with the energy 
transition to achieve our 2025 financial targets: an average 
organic growth of 5% between 2019 and 2025, an EBITDA  
of at least 15% in 2025 and an ROI of at least 25% in 2025.
8Annual Integrated Report 2023
PREFACE
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 9:
1 Not meaningful.
2  Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 207.
3 Invested capital excluding intangibles arising from acquisitions.
Revenue
(EUR million)
 0%
518.5
2022 519.3
Profit for  
the period  
(EUR million)
NM
1
 
9.9
2022 -46.3
Normalized2 
EBITDA  
(EUR million)
  7%
53.1
2022 57.4
Dividends 
(proposed)
(EUR million)
 36%
 
6.9
2022 10.8
ROI2,3  
(in %) 
 13.6%
13.5%
2022 15.6%
FACTS AND FIGURES 
Net cash flows from 
operating activities  
(EUR million)
 4%
36.4
2022 37.9
9Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 10:
Total number 
of employees
by gender  
(in % F vs M)
46/54
2022 47/53
Total number of 
employees (FTE) 
(at 31 December)
  5.3%
2.606
2022 2.753
Illness rate  
(in %)
  13%
  4.7%
2022 5.4%
Accidents 
(per 1,000 FTE) 
 
 18%
  7.7
2022 6.5
Relative energy
consumption (in 
tonnes kWh/million 
added value)
  1.8%
 
  149.9
2022 147.2
Relative CO2 
emission 
(in tonnes kWh/
million added value)
  10.1%
  27.3
2022 24.8
Number of  
CSR supplier  
audits 
  13.8%
  25
2022 29
10Annual Integrated Report 2023
Please refer to the section ‘About the sustainability report’ on pages 212-214 of this Annual Integrated Report for reporting periods, definitions, 
scope and limited assurance review.
FACTS AND FIGURES
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 11:
WORLD MAP
WORLD MAP
Revenue (in EUR million) segmented by customer location 
FTE segmented by region
71.2
14%
  Kendrion  
business  
location
1  Including other countries with revenue of EUR 3.0 million
84.6
16%
362.7 
70%
40% 60%
289
46% 54%
2,102
57% 43% 
215
EUROPE
THE AMERICAS ASIA1
11Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 12:
STRATEGIC INTENT
AUTOMOTIVE
CHINA
INDUSTRIAL 
BRAKES
CHINA
ACTUATORS
AND
CONTROLS
CHINA
THE KENDRION WAY
STRATEGY AND FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES 
Amidst geopolitical turbulence, sluggish growth in Europe and 
China, the conflict in Gaza and inflation impacting businesses 
globally, Kendrion maintained its commitment to achieving 
sustainable growth. This commitment is driven by the 
widespread and accelerating energy transition towards 
electrification and other clean energy sources. In the short term, 
the  brake market, which experienced organic growth of around 
20% in both 2021 and 2022, faced weakness, particularly in 
the second half of 2023. 
In Automotive we successfully increased our margin by passing 
on price increases to our customers. The completion of our 
new factory in Suzhou’s Industrial Park in China marked a 
significant milestone. Additionally, we successfully navigated the 
segregation of our Automotive Group into two units: Automotive 
Core and Automotive E. This strategic move, prompted by the 
rapidly evolving automotive market, resulted in heightened 
focus, transparency and dedicated performance indicators. 
Consequently, there was an improvement in financial 
performance throughout the year in Automotive Core and 
substantial new business wins in Automotive E, amounting to 
nearly EUR 230 million. Currently, we are actively pursuing 
opportunities exceeding EUR 1.5 billion.
We focus on a highly promising segment within the Kendrion 
Automotive Group: Autonomous, Connected, Electrified, 
Shared passenger cars, or ACES, which holds substantial 
growth potential. The new factory in Suzhou not only provides 
the capacity to accommodate our existing production but also 
facilitates the ramping up of six new Automotive E projects. 
Moreover, this new facility positions us to leverage numerous 
Enabling the shift towards clean energy for a sustainable future
Our strategy
Kendrion strategically directs its resources and capital 
toward areas propelled by the powerful, accelerating global 
shift towards clean energy. This strategic focus presents 
opportunities for sustainable and profitable growth, 
encompassing: 
 ■ Industrial Actuators and Controls: electricity distribution, 
control technology, industrial locks, nuclear power, and 
inductive heating.
 ■ Industrial Brakes: wind power, robotics & automation, 
and intra-logistics.
 ■ Automotive E: sound systems, smart suspension valves 
and smart actuators for sensor cleaning, seat massage 
valves and battery cooling.
 ■ China: multiple opportunities for our three Business 
Groups, spanning various industrial and automotive 
applications, aligned with enabling the energy transition 
and consistent with the aforementioned market 
segments.
Provided the current slow economic circumstances clear 
up during 2024, we are confident in achieving our financial 
targets – 5% organic growth annually between 2019 and 
2025, with an EBITDA of at least 15% and an ROI of at 
commercial opportunities we are actively pursuing across 
Automotive E, Industrial Brakes and Industrial Actuators and 
Controls. 
In 2023, our continued focus on opportunities related to the 
transition to clean energy yielded a solid financial performance, 
despite an unpredictable and complex economic and business 
environment.
least 25%. This confidence stems from the progress made thus 
far, and the ongoing development of our product pipeline 
across all growth areas.
12Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsStrategy

Page 13:
Kendrion stands as a leading player in the markets for both 
permanent magnet brakes and spring-applied brakes. Given 
the close integration of these brake technologies with  
electromotors, the accelerating transition towards electrification 
presents Industrial Brakes (IB) with substantial opportunities in 
a fast-growing market. IB’s comprehensive range of high-quality 
products finds global appeal, reaching customers from Europe 
to China, the US, and India.
In both 2021 and 2022, we achieved robust organic growth of 
around 20% per year, across nearly all segments served by IB. 
However, the landscape shifted in 2023. Elevated interest 
costs, impacting global investments in capital goods such as 
STRATEGY AND FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES
Industrial Actuators and Controls
Industrial Brakes
Industrial Actuators and Controls (IAC) remains committed to 
achieving profitability and cash flows surpassing the Group 
average. This enables us to strategically invest in sustainable 
growth opportunities. With the ongoing, global shift towards 
clean energy sources, IAC, with products such as our induction 
heating systems for industrial processes, industrial locks for 
baking ovens, laboratory equipment and parcel lockers, safety 
valves for nuclear power plants, and solenoids for high voltage 
circuit breakers, is well positioned to capitalize on these 
opportunities. In alignment with the Group strategy, IAC is pro-
actively investing in these avenues.
robots and wind power, coupled with some destocking resulted 
in a substantial slowdown in the brake market, specifically in 
the second half of 2023. Looking ahead we maintain a positive 
outlook for IB, expecting substantial long-term growth. Firstly, 
the continuous automation of global industrial manufacturing 
processes is driving the widespread adoption of industrial and 
collaborative robots across diverse industries. Secondly, 
worldwide investment in green energy is gaining momentum, 
fostering an increased demand for wind turbines. And finally, 
within the internal logistics sector, the shift towards more 
automation is accelerating, as warehouses for e-commerce and 
other delivery services progressively adopt automated guided 
vehicles (AGVs) and electric forklift trucks. 
13Annual Integrated Report 2021
Contents Profile Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsStrategy

Page 14:
The automotive industry is experiencing a significant 
transformation driven by four interconnected trends: 
Autonomous driving, Connected vehicles, Electrification of 
the powertrain and Shared mobility, or the so-called ACES. 
Kendrion anticipates that, overall, ACES will increase the 
actuator content per car, contributing to above-average 
growth. Recent market research projects a 40% annual 
growth projection for the market of electrified passenger 
cars in the next five years. We are confident in our strategic 
positioning to capitalize on this evolving trend. 
Our innovative product platforms are precisely tailored for 
ACES. They include systems and components for active 
suspension, Acoustic Vehicle Alerting Systems (AVAS) for 
electric vehicles, and various ‘smart’ actuators for 
applications such as sensor cleaning, seat massage 
Automotive
China
In recent years, Kendrion has witnessed substantial revenue 
growth in China. The project pipeline supports continued growth, 
and the Chinese market presents significant additional 
opportunities for this growth to continue. 
To support this, we have established a new 28,000 m2 
production facility at the renowned Suzhou Industrial Park (SIP), 
doubling our production capacity and thus revenue potential. 
functionality and battery cooling. With the rapid evolution to 
electrified and smarter vehicles we have established a 
dedicated unit, Automotive E, responsible for developing, 
marketing, and selling ACES-related products. This strategic 
move aligns with our focus on products facilitating the shift 
towards cleaner energy. Automotive E is committed to investing 
in innovative products, fostering close customer relationships, 
driving business development, managing programs and 
ensuring profitable growth.
Automotive Core oversees Kendrion’s Automotive business 
concerning established applications for combustion engine cars 
and commercial vehicles. It places a strong emphasis on 
operational excellence, lean production, cost efficiency, as well 
as maintaining profitability and cashflow.
With the move completed in the summer of 2023, we are 
currently ramping six new Automotive E projects, with more in 
the pipeline. The building is expected to support around       
EUR 100 million in revenues, a target we aim to reach over the 
next 3-4 years.As the global shift toward sustainable energy 
continues, the growth prospects in China align with those in 
Europe and the US. In 2023, Kendrion China again expanded its 
project pipeline, despite lower-than-expected economic activity.
 
14Annual Integrated Report 2023
STRATEGY AND FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES
Contents Profile Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsStrategy

Page 15:
Financial targets
In 2023, we witnessed a significant increase in demand for  
our products in Automotive E, while Industrial Brakes noticed  
a notable slowdown following two years of robust growth.  
The challenging economic conditions persisted, especially in 
Europe and China, which collectively contribute 80% to  
the Group’s revenue. Despite these challenges, our 2023 
revenue came in at EUR 518.5 million, flat compared to the 
EUR 519.3 million of 2022. Our 2023 normalized EBITDA² was 
EUR 53.1 million, marking a 7% decrease compared to 2022 
(EUR 57.4 million). The return on investment¹,² stood at 13.5% 
(2022: 15.6%). 
ACTUAL
14%
ACTUAL
1%
TARGET 2025
25%
TARGET 2019-2025
5% 
ACTUAL
10%
TARGET 2025
15%
ACTUAL
50%
TARGET
35-50%
Return on 
investment1, 2
Average 
organic growth
EBITDA margin2 Dividend pay-out
STRATEGY AND FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES
Considering the opportunities identified, our project pipeline 
and the robust organic growth observed in 2021 and 2022, 
and provided the current slow economic environment will 
improve over 2024, we see a path to meet our four ambitious 
medium-term financial objectives for 2025: 
 ■ Average organic growth of 5% between 2019 and 2025
 ■ Return on investment of at least 25% by 2025¹,²
 ■ EBITDA margin of at least 15% by 2025² 
 ■ Dividend pay-out: 35-50% of normalized net profit before 
amortization²
1 Invested capital excluding intangibles arising from acquisitions.
2  Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, refer to reconciliation  
of non-IFRS information, starting on page 207.
15Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsStrategy

Page 16:
Power Pinch Valve:  
A breakthrough in tube clamping
 
In the dynamic landscape of medical, lab, and 
analysis technology, Kendrion has identified  
a crucial market gap concerning the clamping  
of hard tubes, specifically those made of PVC. 
Unlike costly motor-actuated alternatives, our 
innovative Power Pinch Valve provides a cost-
effective, competitive solution, filling the market 
void with ease of control, affordability, and robust 
clamping force.
Crucial for applications requiring precise media flow 
regulation, the electromagnetic-actuated Power Pinch 
Valve is a game-changer in various industries such as 
dialysis, laboratories, beverage, and agriculture. With 
compact dimensions (84x53x146mm) and a robust 
clamping force of 42N, this valve is perfect for 
applications using PVC and silicone tubes with  
a hardness of 70-80 Shore. 
Powered by the reliable Kendrion HD8 solenoid, the 
valve features carefully calibrated magnetic and spring 
forces for precision and durability. Available in NO 
(Normally Open), NC/MO (Normally Closed with 
Manual Override), and CR (Cartridge Version) options, 
it offers versatility and performance across various 
settings.
In 2023, our focus on partnerships and client 
acquisition yielded positive results, particularly in the 
dialysis, diagnostics, pharmacy, chemical, and bio-
reactor sectors. Furthermore, we identified agricultural 
watering systems as a promising market for our Power 
Pinch Valve. In 2024, we anticipate doubling our 
turnover from these valves.
Looking ahead, Kendrion is committed to expanding 
its Power Pinch Valve line to solidify its position in the 
pinch valve markets. Already in use in the US, China, 
and Europe, it positions us to meet growing demand 
and strengthen our leadership in the pinch valve 
market. Our initial emphasis will be on niche markets 
for hard tubes, with plans to extend functionality to 
softer tubes with smaller dimensions. Additionally,  
we aim to enhance the product's capabilities by 
integrating position sensors, making our pinch valves 
indispensable.
Our cutting-edge and sustainable products
 
Explore how our cutting-edge and sustainable products, along with our promising 
technologies, are assisting OEMs worldwide
ENABLING ENERGY TRANSITION 16Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 17:
Over the past few years, the landscape of industrial 
automation has gone through a transformative shift 
from pneumatic to electromechanical actuators. 
This evolution has been driven by factors such as 
the high operational cost of pneumatic systems, 
environmental concerns, and the need for more 
sustainable and efficient solutions. In this dynamic 
environment, automated guided vehicles (AGVs) 
have also emerged as pivotal facilitators of 
automated material transport across various 
sectors, including company premises, warehouses, 
and healthcare.  
As a key player in solenoid and control technology 
solutions, Kendrion plays a crucial role in ensuring the 
reliability and safety of both industrial automation and 
AGV operations. Our motion controller for stepper 
motors in AGVs addresses the complexities of these 
systems, providing precise control and synchronization 
of movements. Simultaneously, we offer a full range  
Meeting transformative trends in 
automation, robotics and AGV
of electromechanical actuators, including the new 
AUTOMATION LINE which has bolstered our presence 
in the industrial automation and AGV markets. 
In 2023, we experienced significant success in both 
markets. Sales of the distributed motion controller for 
AGVs doubled, and we successfully introduced this 
product to new clients. We expanded our solenoid 
component portfolio, including energy-saving products. 
The cost-effectiveness of our products has 
strengthened our competitive position in the evolving 
industrial landscape. Notably, the establishment of 
potential partnerships, acquisition of new clients, and 
the development of a pallet stopper for conveyor 
systems contributed to Kendrion's status as a 
comprehensive supplier. 
Looking ahead, Kendrion is strategically positioned for 
a targeted sales campaign to acquire new customers 
in the AGVs, autonomous mobile robots (AMRs), and 
industrial automation markets.  
We direct our efforts towards developing new 
electromechanical actuators tailored for collaborative 
robots (cobots). This strategic initiative aligns with the 
increasing demand for automation solutions and aims 
to position Kendrion as the preferred supplier of 
solenoid and control technology solutions for diverse 
applications. 
17Annual Integrated Report 2023
ENABLING ENERGY TRANSITION
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 18:
Surgical robots empower surgeons to perform 
precise movements for the well-being of the 
patient, making it evident why this unique 
partnership between man and machine is gaining 
ground in medicine. Kendrion positions itself as a 
leading provider of braking solutions for medical 
robots, ensuring safety and precision in the fast-
growing surgical robots market. This has resulted 
in consistent demand, underscoring the 
confidence placed in our expertise.  
In 2023, we developed an innovative emergency stop 
brake for a start-up that was launching a solution for 
robot-assisted surgery. The brake is characterized by  
a compact design, a large inner diameter and minimal 
energy consumption. Based on the Servo Slim Line 
series, it provides high power density and has been 
modified for safe operation, with an added advantage  
of extremely low energy consumption to minimize heat 
generation in the application. This customized solution 
underscores our proficiency in developing tailored 
brakes for demanding applications.
Ensuring safety and precision in the 
fast-growing surgical robots market 
We will continue to focus on exciting and future-
orientated projects in medical technology, particularly in 
the fields of robotics, medical devices, and healthcare 
applications. We recognize the enormous potential of 
these industries and strive to be an integral part in their 
success stories through innovative safety brakes.  
We see the opportunity to drive the development of 
medical technology by ensuring safety and precision.
Kendrion’s brakes play a pivotal role in enabling 
medical device manufacturers to develop innovative 
technologies that enhance people's health and quality 
of life globally. As a reliable partner, we provide support 
to both established and emerging companies.
18Annual Integrated Report 2023
ENABLING ENERGY TRANSITION
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 19:
Multi-sensor module elevates 
building efficiency
In the rapidly evolving landscape of smart 
buildings, the demand for intelligent building 
automation and energy efficiency has become 
paramount for businesses and large property 
owners. The challenge lies in optimizing data-
driven processes not only for comfort and high-
quality indoor environments but also for substantial 
reductions in energy costs and CO2 emissions of 
expansive building complexes. The unpredictable 
nature of factors like remote work further 
complicates building use, making insights into 
occupancy crucial for efficient resource 
management.
Addressing these challenges, Kendrion’s electronic and 
embedded systems arm, 3T, collaborated with building 
automation specialist Priva to develop the bGrid® 
Multi-Sensor Module. This innovation aims to measure 
and capture various physical parameters within smart 
buildings discreetly. The module, seamlessly integrated 
into the infrastructure, employs sensors to regulate 
lighting, blinds, and heating based on real-time data 
related to factors such as light conditions, air quality, 
temperature, and movement within the building.
Since its market introduction in 2020, the bGrid®  
Multi-Sensor Module has gained immense popularity 
for its efficiency and versatility.
Looking ahead, as a preferred design partner of Priva, 
Kendrion looks forward to exploring more joint 
innovations to meet the evolving needs of bGrid’s 
customers. The collaborative efforts of Kendrion, Priva, 
and bGrid promise a future where smart buildings 
seamlessly integrate technology for enhanced comfort, 
energy efficiency, and sustainability.
19Annual Integrated Report 2023
ENABLING ENERGY TRANSITION
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 20:
 
Innovative damping valves  
for sustainable driving
 
The outlook for automotive active suspension 
systems is promising, fueled by the rise of electric 
vehicles and the growing demand for a comfortable 
ride. Kendrion is uniquely positioned to seize 
emerging opportunities with our cutting-edge 
solutions that redefine ride quality. Our latest 
innovation, the external Continuous Damping Valve 
(eCDV), of which production started in 2023, is 
already gaining significant traction in the market.
By fine-tuning damper behavior, the eCDV enhances 
overall vehicle efficiency, safety, and comfort.  
It dynamically adjusts to road conditions, delivering 
real-time improvements for a smoother, more 
responsive ride. Seamlessly integrating into existing 
vehicle architectures, it stands as the ideal solution for 
upgrading high-tier vehicles and SUVs to eco-friendly 
driving without compromising performance or safety.
In 2023, the demand for our valves, notably the eCDV, 
experienced a significant surge, particularly in China.  
In addition we secured a nomination from the largest 
and leading air suspension system manufacturer in 
China, solidifying a closer partnership. 
Additionally, we acquired our first European OEM 
customer through one of our partners. Our platform 
approach is proving instrumental in meeting their 
diverse requirements and scaling effectively.
Looking ahead, our focus remains on expanding the 
eCDV's potential and ramping up production of our 
entire product line in our brand-new 28,000m² facility  
in China. Further into the future, we are developing the 
next generation of products and proactively targeting 
the European market. Balancing the demands of mid-
range and premium vehicles, we continuously evolve to 
meet changing requirements, upholding our role as 
trusted automotive industry partner. 
20Annual Integrated Report 2023
ENABLING ENERGY TRANSITION
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 21:
SHARE AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Movements in the number of outstanding shares
Shares entitled  
to dividend
Shares owned  
by Kendrion
Total number of 
issued shares
At 1 January 2023  15,026,305  88,316  15,114,621 
Issued shares (share dividend)  199,358  (40,038)  159,320 
Issued registered shares (share plan)  2,073  –   2,073 
Granted shares (share plan)  48,278  (48,278)  –  
At 31 December 2023  15,276,014 –   15,276,014 
Other information
EUR, unless otherwise stated 2023 2022 2021
Number of shares x 1,000 at 31 December  15,276  15,115  14,935 
Market capitalization at 31 December (EUR million)  184.5  234.3  314.4 
Highest share price in the financial year  19.60  22.40  24.65 
Lowest share price in the financial year  10.82  13.02  16.90 
Share price on 31 December  12.08  15.50  21.05 
Average daily ordinary share volume  15,260  7,022  14,129 
Profit per share  0.65  (3.09)  0.97 
Normalized net profit before amortization per share1  0.91  1.44  1.39 
Major shareholders as at 31 December 20232 Interest in % Date of report
Teslin Participaties Coöperatief U.A. 21.30 At 23 March 2023
Kempen Capital Management N.V. 15.33 At 11 April 2023
Invesco Limited 4.96 At 14 December 2023
Cross Options Beheer B.V. 5.37 At 8 May 2017
Add Value Fund NV 3.22 At 13 July 2022
Midlin N.V. 3.08 At 11 December 2020
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 3.05 At 10 March 2023
Total 56.31
1 Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, refer to reconciliation  
of non-IFRS information, starting on page 207.
2 On the basis of the information in the register of the AFM and listed on the website at www.afm.nl.
Share capital
The authorized share capital of Kendrion N.V. as at 
31 December 2023 amounts to EUR 80,000,000 and is divided 
into 40,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of  
EUR 2.00 each. At year-end 2023, the total number of ordinary 
shares issued was 15,276,014. There is one class of ordinary 
shares and no depositary receipts for shares have been issued. 
Kendrion’s ordinary shares are listed on NYSE Euronext 
Amsterdam Small Cap Index (AScX).
 
Movements in the share price 
from 2 January 2023 to 29 December 2023
 Kendrion N.V. share  AEX
 ASCX  AMX
Index
29 December 20232 January 2023 -30
-0
-10
-20
10
20
30
21Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 22:
Treasury shares 
As at 31 December 2023, Kendrion N.V. does not hold any 
shares in its own capital. 
Dividend policy
Kendrion endeavours to realize an attractive return for 
shareholders supported by a suitable dividend policy. In view of 
safeguarding a healthy financial position, consideration is also 
given to the amount of profit to be retained to support the 
SHARE AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Kendrion will propose a dividend of EUR 0.45 per share, 
representing a payment of dividend of 50% of normalized net 
profit before amortization for 2023 at the Annual General 
Meeting of Shareholders on 15 April 2024. The total amount  
of dividend is EUR 6.9 million. It will be proposed that payment 
of the dividend will be made in cash, or at the option of 
shareholders, in the form of ordinary shares charged to the 
share premium reserve with any remaining fraction being settled 
in cash. 
Major shareholders
Any person holding or acquiring an interest of 3% or more in a 
Dutch publicly listed company is bound, based on the Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het Financieel Toezicht), to disclose 
such a holding to the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets 
(AFM). The disclosure is recorded in the register of the AFM and 
listed on the website at www.afm.nl/en. 
Participation
Kendrion maintains a share-based incentive plan for its senior 
management and certain key employees. 
Effective as of 2019, members of the Management Team are 
eligible for a grant of conditional performance shares and 
effective as of 2021 participation in the share-based incentive 
program has been extended to selected members of 
Kendrion's senior leadership team. The conditional 
performance shares granted will vest upon achievement of 
performance measured over a three-year period. The actual 
number of shares that will be allocated upon expiry of the 
three-year vesting period is subject to the realization of 
predefined performance criteria. Under the 2021 long-term 
incentive plan for the Management Team (i.e. performance 
period 2021 through 2023), 36,036 conditional performance 
were granted. Of the 36,036 conditional performance shares 
granted to the Management Team, a total of 5,786 shares  
have vested.
company’s medium and long-term strategic plans and to 
maintaining a solvency ratio of at least 35%. Kendrion strives  
to distribute dividends representing between 35% and 50%  
of its normalized net profit before amortization.
In principle, Kendrion offers shareholders an opportunity  
to opt for dividends in cash or in the form of ordinary shares  
in Kendrion N.V.’s capital.
22Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 23:
SHARE AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Regulations to prevent insider trading
Kendrion has regulations covering securities transactions by 
members of the Executive Board, members of the Supervisory 
Board, members of the Management Team and other 
designated employees. The Insider Trading Code is published 
on the corporate website at www.kendrion.com.  
The Insider Trading Code is intended to ensure the avoidance 
of insider trading or the appearance thereof, and any mixing  
of business and private interests. 
In 2023, conditional performance shares have been granted to 
the members of the Executive Board pursuant to the Executive 
Board long-term incentive plan. More information about 
(conditional performance) shares granted to the members of 
the Executive Board is set out on page 107. A comprehensive 
description of the long-term incentive plan is included in the 
‘Remuneration Report’ section on pages 109.
Analysts
The following stock exchange analysts actively monitor the Kendrion share:
Berenberg  Axel Stasse
Degroof Petercam Frank Claassen 
ING Bank  Tijs Hollestelle 
The Idea-Driven Equities Analyses Company Maarten Verbeek
Edison Group  Johan van den Hooven
Kepler Cheuvreux   Tim Ehlers
Financial calendar
Wednesday, 28 February 2024  Publication annual results 2023 
Monday, 18 March 2024   Record date General Meeting of Shareholders
Monday, 15 April 2024  General Meeting of Shareholders 
Wednesday, 17 April 2024  Ex-dividend date 
Thursday, 18 April 2024  Dividend record date
Friday, 19 April - Monday, 6 May 2024, 3pm   Dividend election period (stock and/or cash)
Tuesday, 7 May 2024   Determination stock dividend exchange ratio
Tuesday, 7 May 2024  Publication first quarter results 2024
Thursday, 9 May 2024   Cash dividend made payable and delivery stock dividend
Wednesday, 21 August 2024  Publication half-year results 2024
Tuesday, 12 November 2024  Publication third quarter results 2024
Investor relations
Kendrion attaches great importance to appropriate 
communications with financial stakeholders such as investors, 
debt capital providers and analysts, providing them with good 
insights into recent developments. Transparency is intended  
to lead to healthy pricing, and to support liquidity.
23Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 24:
MEMBERS OF THE EXECUTIVE BOARD 
J.H. Hemmen
Position Chief Financial Officer
Year of birth 1973
Nationality Dutch
Joined Kendrion 1 June 2005
Appointment to position
Second term
1 July 2019
1July 2023 – 1 July 2027 (AGM 17 April 2023) 
 
J.A.J. van Beurden 
Position Chief Executive Officer
Year of birth 1960
Nationality Dutch
Appointment to position 1 December 2015
Third term 1 December 2023 – 1 December 2027 (AGM 17 April 2023)
 
Member of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee of Adyen N.V. 
Member of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Audit 
Committee of the University of Twente 
24Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 25:
OUR PRODUCTS ARE USED IN
Energy generation and distribution 
Food and beverage machinery 
Industrial automation 
Intralogistics
Medical equipment 
Robotics 
Textile machinery
Wind power
OUR CUSTOMERS INCLUDE
ABB
ASML  
Collins Aerospace 
Eaton Corporation 
Euchner 
Fresenius
Jiangxi Special Motors 
Lancer
Lenze 
Oerlikon 
Schneider Electric
Siemens
TOTAL INDUSTRIAL REVENUE 
(in EUR)
256.5 million
2022 276.5 million
Industrial activities
Europe
73%
Asia and 
Rest of the world
19%
The Americas
8%
INDUSTRIAL ACTUATORS AND CONTROLS
Customized solutions for industrial applications 
based on electromagnetic actuators, control 
technology and fluid technology.
INDUSTRIAL BRAKES
Full-line provider of electromagnetic brakes for 
electromotors in industrial end markets.
 Kendrion locations with regional revenue breakdown
25Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive BoardContents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 26:
Profile 
Kendrion’s industrial activities focus on developing and 
manufacturing electromagnetic brakes, actuators, and control 
units for a wide range of industrial applications, including wind 
turbines, robots, automated guided vehicles, energy 
distribution, medical equipment, and inductive heating. 
These activities are conducted through two Business Groups: 
Industrial Brakes (IB) and Industrial Actuators and Controls 
(IAC). IB specializes in the development and manufacture  
of electromagnetic brakes for electromotors across various 
industrial end markets. IAC focuses on the development and 
production of customized electromagnetic actuator technology, 
gas and fluid control valves, and control technology. 
Our main differentiators lie in our application expertise and 
engineering skills, enabling us to design high-performance 
products of unparalleled quality. Our Industrial Business Groups 
have R&D centers and production facilities in Germany, 
Romania, China, the US, and India. Products are marketed  
via their own sales organization with locations in Germany, 
Austria, Sweden, China, India, and the US. A worldwide sales 
distribution network is dedicated to both standard and 
application-specific components.
Market and market position
IB serves several global markets, anticipating above average 
growth opportunities in industrial automation, robotics, wind 
power and intralogistics. The growth opportunities in these 
markets are driven by the industry-wide energy transformation, 
which has escalated the global demand for electromotors and 
IB’s extensive range of braking solutions. Kendrion is one  
of the leaders in the global industrial brake market, uniquely 
positioned as the sole industrial brake company holding a 
prominent position in both spring-applied and permanent 
magnet brake technology. 
IAC serves many end markets including machine automation, 
energy distribution, medical equipment, access control and 
industrial appliances. Similar to IB, IAC strategically operates  
in niches offering substantial growth prospects, driven by the 
global energy transformation. These niches include induction 
heating of industrial processes, energy distribution, and valves 
for nuclear power plants. 
Our Industrial Business Groups operate in a market 
predominantly characterized by mid-sized companies with  
a regional focus. The primary regional market for our Industrial 
activities remains Germany, renowned for its advanced and 
globally leading mechanical engineering and automation 
industries. Following closely is China. Other key strategic 
markets are the US, the Benelux, Switzerland, Austria, Italy,  
and Sweden. 
Enabling the energy transition
26Annual Integrated Report 2023
INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITIES
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsContents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 27:
Developments in 2023 
Kendrion’s Industrial activities generated a revenue of  
EUR 256.5 million in 2023, a decrease from EUR 276.5 million 
in 2022, primarily due to increased interest rates dampening 
global demand of capital goods, particularly affecting Industrial 
Brakes. This slowdown in 2023 stands in stark contrast to  
the double-digit growth observed in both 2021 and 2022.  
IAC benefited from a diverse portfolio with higher revenue in 
aviation, medical and energy more than offsetting a weak 
capital goods segment. Looking ahead, we anticipate both 
Industrial groups to benefit from favorable trends towards 
renewable energy, electrification, and industrial automation.  
The sharp slowdown did impact profitability, as our efforts to 
reduce costs only partially compensated for the reduction in 
revenue. 
Throughout the year, IB further expanded its long-term revenue 
pipeline, engaging with both new and existing customers in  
the areas of wind power, intralogistics, and robotics.  
A comprehensive study of IB’s most important existing markets 
and emerging sectors instills confidence that IB is well-
positioned to outperform global industrial production. Existing 
markets encompass electromotors, wind power, robotics,  
and intralogistics, with rapidly growing markets such as 
collaborative robots and automated guided vehicles. 
Looking ahead, we anticipate both Industrial groups to 
benefit from favorable trends towards renewable energy, 
electrification, and industrial automation.
In response to the cyclically lower revenue levels of anticipated 
in the second half of 2023, IB has implemented short-time work 
in the German facilities in Aerzen and Villingen. This allows for  
a significant reduction in both direct and indirect labor costs, 
while retaining the capabilities to swiftly respond to future 
growth opportunities. Looking forward, IB remains committed 
to furthering the localization of production and R&D capabilities 
for both spring-applied and permanent magnet brakes in 
China. 
During 2023, IAC continued to benefit from its strategy to target 
selective niche markets that offer above-average profitability 
and growth. IAC secured numerous new projects for its locking 
and inductive heating technologies for industrial equipment, 
solenoids, and control technology for intralogistics, along with 
highly specialized flow control valves for the medical industry.  
In certain end markets where IAC offers products that support 
the global energy transition, the business group benefited from 
a continued strong momentum for existing technologies 
including safety switches for energy distribution and safety 
valves for nuclear power plants. Following its acquisition in 
2021, 3T had another impressive year, achieving a revenue of 
EUR 15.0 million, a significant increase from EUR 12.2 million in 
2022. Its profitability remains robust. In response to the influx  
of new customer contracts, 3T will open a third office in the 
Netherlands in Drachten, situated in the northern part of  
the country. This expansion is expected to accommodate 
additional employees and facilitate sustained growth over  
the coming years. 
27Annual Integrated Report 2023
INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITIES
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsContents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 28:
In the dynamic landscape of the global sustainability 
transformation, niche markets offer opportunities for Kendrion’s 
innovative and high-quality products to play their role in the 
transition toward clean energy.  
Our strategic focus remains on the most promising 
opportunities that will bolster our market presence and ensure 
our success as we contribute to a safer and more sustainable 
future. These include our induction heating, electronic locks, 
and Power Pinch valves, all of which offer exciting potential 
across multiple applications.
Induction heating: Redefining efficiency in energy 
consumption
Induction heating is transforming industries, by offering a 
greener, cost-effective alternative to traditional methods. 
Kendrion has been a trusted provider of induction heating 
systems for over two decades, building on our integrated 
electromagnetics and electronics development, including  
Driving sustainable innovation: Kendrion’s focus on 
promising niche markets
our software expertise. Our solutions are used in industries 
from textile fiber production to food and plastics processing.  
Flexible and tailored, they meet precise temperature control 
requirements, limited maintenance costs and emission-free 
heating.
Renowned for their exceptional efficiency, our systems achieve 
an impressive 95% heat transfer rate. This allows Original 
Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) to create more compact  
and competitive solutions than when using traditional methods. 
With a growing emphasis on total cost of ownership (TCO), end 
customers are increasingly inclined to invest in inductive heating 
solutions. The potential energy savings can reach up to 50%.
While we originally focused on the German market, our recent 
expansion into the Netherlands and Belgium signals substantial 
sales potential. We anticipate doubling our revenue from 
induction heating systems within the next five years.
Niche markets offer opportunities for Kendrion’s 
innovative and high-quality products to play their role  
in the transition toward clean energy. 
Robert Lewin 
Managing Director
Industrial Actuators and Controls
28Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board
DRIVING SUSTAINABLE INNOVATION

Page 29:
Electronics locks promise a ‘safe’ return
Increasing demand for security in industrial and commercial 
sectors will drive robust growth in the electronic locks market 
over the next few years. Kendrion is well-placed to exploit this 
potential, with a wide range of door locks designed specifically 
for industrial applications. 
Our solenoid locks are used in an extensive array of 
applications, including commercial washing machines – where 
we are the market leader – supermarket baking ovens, 
laboratory equipment, and the most recent one: parcel lockers. 
With the growing popularity of these parcel lockers, we expect 
appetite for our locks to grow exponentially.
Power Pinch Valve: Revolutionizing safety in critical 
applications
Pinch valves play a crucial role in applications requiring precise 
and controlled flow regulation of fluids. Kendrion continues to 
be a pioneer in customized pinch valves for various industries, 
including dialysis systems, laboratory setups, the beverage 
industry and agricultural irrigation systems. Recently, we have 
initiated the standardization process for our pinch valves, 
improving cost-efficiency, scalability, and maintaining consistent 
quality across our product line. 
Our latest breakthrough, the 2/2-way Power Pinch Valve, with  
a robust clamping force of 42N, is ideal for applications using 
PVC and silicone tubes. Already in use in the US, China, and 
Europe, the 2/2-way Power Pinch Valve positions us to meet 
growing demand and to strengthen our leadership in the pinch 
valve market. In 2024, we anticipate doubling our turnover from 
these valves.
Pinch valves play a crucial role in applications requiring 
precise and controlled flow regulation of fluids. Kendrion 
continues to be a pioneer in customized pinch valves for 
various industries, including dialysis systems, laboratory 
setups, the beverage industry and agricultural irrigation 
systems. 
Ensuring high quality, compliance, and confidence  
in the future
Committed to fostering a more sustainable future, we actively 
explore new applications for our products. Our in-house market 
research team ensures we stay ahead of relevant market trends 
and developments and maintain a profound understanding of 
our customers’ needs — both current and future.
Several of our customers operate in critical and highly regulated 
sectors such as medical, aerospace, and nuclear power.  
With a dedicated quality organization, we not only adhere to 
ISO 9001 quality requirements, but also routinely surpass them, 
ensuring that our products meet the exacting standards of  
the industries we are active in.
Globally, our technological expertise, agility, and flexible 
production processes position us to deliver meaningful 
solutions for OEMs, end-users, and society at large.
29Annual Integrated Report 2023
DRIVING SUSTAINABLE INNOVATION
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 30:
Innovative solutions for passenger cars and 
commercial vehicles focused on advanced valve 
technology, smart actuation and control technology 
to enable the transformation to Autonomous, 
Connected, Electric and Shared (ACES) mobility.
OUR PRODUCTS ARE USED IN
Active suspension systems 
Fuel systems 
Mobile hydraulics 
Acoustic vehicle alerting systems 
Thermal management
Sensor cleaning systems 
Transmission systems
OUR CUSTOMERS INCLUDE 
BMW
Continental 
Daimler Group 
Danfoss 
Ford
Great Wall Motors  
Hyundai Kia 
KYB 
Marelli
Stellantis
ThyssenKrupp Bilstein 
Volkswagen Group
ZF Friedrichshafen
TOTAL AUTOMOTIVE REVENUE 
(in EUR)
262.0 million
2022 242.8 million The Americas
24%
Europe
67%
Asia and
Rest of the world
9%
Automotive activities
 Kendrion locations with regional revenue breakdown
30Annual Integrated Report 2023
 
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsContents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 31:
Profile 
The Kendrion Automotive Group (KAG) develops, 
manufactures, and markets innovative, high-quality 
electromagnetic actuators and control units for customers  
in the automotive industry worldwide. Our customers include 
major OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers across global markets for 
passenger cars, commercial vehicles, and off-highway vehicles. 
The KAG organization is split into 2 distinct organizations: 
Automotive Core and Automotive E.
KAG’s primary focus is on advanced valve technology, smart 
actuation, and control technology tailored to facilitate the 
transformation towards Autonomous, Connected, Electric  
and Shared mobility, collectively known as ACES. Applications 
driving this transformation comprise sound systems (AVAS), 
active suspension valves, and smart actuators, which  
presently  contribute approximately 28% to KAG’s revenue.  
Other KAG applications include transmission systems and fuel 
systems for passenger cars, hydraulic solenoids for agricultural 
equipment, and thermal management systems for commercial 
vehicles. 
KAG maintains a global presence through its R&D centers and 
manufacturing facilities situated in Germany, Rumania, Czech 
Republic, the US, and China. Kendrion develops products 
designed to meet customers’ specific needs, placing great 
emphasis on performance, quality, and reliability. 
Accelerating the transformation
Market and market position
The accelerating shift toward electrification in the automotive 
industry, coupled with the emergence of electric and 
autonomous vehicles, are expected to transform the overall 
automotive market significantly. Several countries and car 
manufacturers have announced to completely phasing out 
internal combustion engine cars by 2035.
To increase our focus on clean energy even more, we 
previously decided to split the Automotive Group into 
Automotive Core and Automotive E. The split involved  
a structural redesign, resource reallocation, the establishment 
of separate financials and the formulation of distinct key 
performance indicators. Automotive E is tasked with developing 
products relevant to electric vehicles, prioritizing profitable 
growth and innovation. Automotive Core manages our 
combustion engine-related business with cash and cashflow 
serving as its primary KPIs. As part of this reorganization, KAG 
successfully further streamlined its costs, saving EUR 4 million 
per year starting Q1 2023. The split is anticipated to enhance 
our focus on products for E, where innovation and growth 
abound, and to optimize the efficiency and cash generation  
of our existing combustion engine business through Automotive 
Core. The Core and E split, including the cost savings, was 
implemented effectively in December 2022. 
31Annual Integrated Report 2023
AUTOMOTIVE ACTIVITIES
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsContents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 32:
According to market analysts study by S&P Global Mobility, the 
battery electric vehicle market is projected to experience an 
average annual growth rate of approximately 27% between 
2023 and 2028. This growth trajectory is instrumental in 
propelling demand for Kendrion’s actuators, specifically 
designed for electrified vehicles such as Kendrion’s Phantone 
sound system, active suspension valves, and smart actuators. 
Anticipated regulatory requirements worldwide, mandating 
electric cars to emit a sound below a specific speed, are 
expected to drive the demand for Kendrion’s Phantone sound 
system. Moreover, the markets for high-end suspension 
systems are also expected to continue its fast-paced growth as 
more heavy electric vehicles are being equipped with active and 
air suspension systems.
Automotive Core and E compete in a market that features 
several mid-sized competitors, predominantly situated in 
Germany. Europe remains Kendrion’s primary automotive 
market, where the majority of the revenue is derived from 
collaboration with major German car manufacturers and Tier 1 
automotive suppliers. Notably, Kendrion China has significantly 
bolstered its market position by securing multiple new projects 
with both local and global brands in recent years. 
Developments in 2023 
KAG’s revenue reached EUR 262.0 million (2022:  
EUR 242.8 million). Although Automotive revenue is gradually 
recovering from the historically low level of the first COVID-19 
year in 2020, car production in Europe, where KAG realizes  
two thirds of its revenues, is still well below the pre-pandemic 
level. Analysts estimate European car production of  
EUR 17.8 million units in 2023 against 21.1 million in 2019*.  
At the end of 2022, Kendrion has split the Automotive Business 
Group into two distinct units: Automotive Core and Automotive 
E. While Automotive Core concentrates on maximizing value 
from existing technologies for combustion engine cars and 
commercial vehicles, Automotive E focuses on the 
development and marketing of new product technologies that 
enable future mobility. The spilt has increased our focus and 
has helped to gradually raise the sales prices to our customers 
in Automotive Core, reflecting the inflation, ultimately enhancing 
the profitability of our Automotive Group, particularly in the 
second half of 2023. The current pillars of the Automotive E 
portfolio are acoustic vehicle alerting systems, valves and 
electronic control units for suspension systems and valves and 
control units for sensor cleaning.  
In 2023, the Automotive E portfolio represented 28% of  
the total Automotive Group revenue. 
KAG has added an additional EUR 300 million (2022:  
EUR 305 million) in lifetime revenue to its long-term order book, 
reflecting a positive book-to-bill ratio of 1.15 times the 2022 
Automotive revenue. More than EUR 230.0 million project  
wins are attributed to Automotive E (2022: EURO 200 million), 
resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 3.2 for Automotive E.  
The remaining EUR 70 million in lifetime revenue wins  
stem from product lifetime extensions in Automotive Core.  
New business nominations were won in all three Automotive E 
technology segments, with the majority in suspension 
applications. Another year with a significant positive book-to-bill 
in Automotive E has increased our confidence that, despite the 
challenges in the automotive industry, the technology platforms 
that Automotive has invested in in recent years have the 
capacity to put the Automotive Group back on a trajectory  
of sustainable and profitable growth. 
New business nominations were won in all three 
Automotive E technology segments, with the majority  
in suspension applications. 
* Source: IHS Markit
32Annual Integrated Report 2023
AUTOMOTIVE ACTIVITIES
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsContents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 33:
In 2023, our operations in China achieved a significant 
milestone with the inauguration of our state-of-the-art 
28,000m2 factory at the renowned Suzhou Industrial Park (SIP) 
in China – the largest in the Kendrion Group. But this is only  
the start: substantial nominations for our automotive products 
and the first cross-selling opportunities for our industrial brakes, 
are propelling us towards a future of growth and collaborative 
success.
Consistent performance
Since its establishment in 2005, Kendrion China has 
experienced remarkable growth. In the challenging 2023 
economy, we focused on three achievements: maintaining  
a stable turnover, finalizing, and initiating production in the new 
plant, and pursuing new sales opportunities. 
Our growth ambition is built on a solid foundation.  
As the world's largest automotive and electric vehicle (EV) 
market, China presents abundant opportunities for our 
products. Contributing to 60% of global battery-powered car 
sales, China had an impressive 80% annual growth rate  
in 2023, solidifying its position as the fastest-growing region. 
Additionally, eighteen of the top 20 EV models worldwide 
originate from China.
Kendrion China’s successful expansion
Aligned with the Chinese market
Our product portfolio aligns well with this fast-growing  
EV market. In 2023, our continuous damping valves (eCDV  
and iCDV) and Air Suspension Valves (ASV) received significant 
nominations from Chinese as well as European customers 
active in China. The increasing demand for luxury and high-
performance vehicles, coupled with a growing emphasis on 
passenger comfort and safety, is driving the adoption of active 
suspension systems. We expect a surge in demand for our 
valves. Electric vehicle active suspension systems require eight 
valves and our market projections indicate a fivefold increase  
by 2028.
New cross-selling nominations
Simultaneously, we capitalized on new cross-selling 
opportunities. In 2022, we secured the first contract with  
a Chinese vehicle brand to integrate our industrial brakes, 
enhancing the smooth operation of automated, voice-controlled 
car doors. The first vehicle equipped with these brakes debuted 
in August 2022. In October 2023, four more models followed, 
resulting in a significant increase in demand for our brakes. 
Additional models featuring our brakes are scheduled for 
release in 2024.
Since its establishment in 2005, Kendrion China has 
experienced remarkable growth.
Telly Kuo
President Kendrion Asia
33Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board
KENDRION CHINA

Page 34:
Our unique capability to manufacture both automotive and 
industrial products within the same facility strategically positions 
us to continue to pursue cross-selling opportunities. This initial 
success marks only the beginning, and we envision more 
opportunities to explore in the years ahead.
Powering tomorrow 
Our new factory is a key element in this promising future, and 
we strategically chose the Suzhou Industrial Park (SIP) as the 
location. Positioned among advanced local and foreign 
manufacturing companies in the automotive and industrial 
sectors, our high-tech facility is designed to support our 
anticipated business growth.
The factory embraces innovative technologies, incorporating 
artificial intelligence, robotics, solar power, and smart 
warehouse logistics. Notably, 70% of the warehouse 
constitutes a fully automated, 22-meter-high area, with water 
recycling for industrial brake washers. 
In 2023, we began reaping the rewards of our solar panel 
investment. We anticipate generating around 650,000 kWh 
annually through sustainable and self-generated solar power, 
which will enable us to independently cover a substantial part of 
our electricity requirements. 
Our new factory embraces innovative technologies, 
incorporating artificial intelligence, robotics, solar power, 
and smart warehouse logistics. 
Navigating change with confidence
As management, we take immense pride in our team's 
exceptional response to the significant changes brought about 
by our new factory. Their remarkable flexibility and unwavering 
dedication facilitated a smooth transition of equipment from the 
existing two factories to the new facility in under two months, 
ensuring minimal disruption to production processes and 
customer deliveries. 
The tremendous potential for our active suspension systems, 
our first sales of industrial brakes to automotive customers, and 
the team's unwavering drive for excellence give us great 
confidence that we will take advantage of the opportunities and 
rise to the challenges that lie ahead of us.
Telly Kuo
President Kendrion Asia
34Annual Integrated Report 2023
KENDRION CHINA
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 35:
FINANCIAL REVIEW
the weaker average Chinese and US currencies. The industrial 
activities realized revenue of EUR 256.5 million, which was  
7% below the previous year and caused by a slowdown in the 
markets for industrial automation and wind power in Germany 
and China affecting revenues in Industrial Brakes. Revenue in 
Industrial Actuators and Controls was partially affected by the 
same market dynamics, but benefited from more than offsetting 
demand increases in other segments. Revenue in the 
Automotive Group grew with 8% to EUR 262.0 million driven  
by higher average sales prices in Automotive Core and volume 
increases in Automotive E. Automotive Core realized  
EUR 189.5 million revenue and Automotive E EUR 72.5 million.
35Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsOutlookReport of the Executive Board
Key figures
2023 2022
EUR million Reported Adjustments Normalized Reported Adjustments Normalized
Revenue  518.5  –   518.5  519.3   –    519.3 
Other income  0.1  –   0.1  0.5   0.5   0.0 
Total revenue and other income  518.6  –   518.6  519.8   0.5   519.3 
Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress  0.6  –   0.6  1.8  –   1.8 
Raw materials and subcontracted work  275.1  0.1  275.0  268.7  –   268.7 
Staff costs  151.5  1.6  149.9  153.6  5.3  148.3 
Impairments of fixed assets  0.1  0.0  0.1  58.7  58.6  0.1 
Other operating expenses  40.7  0.8    39.9  43.6  0.6  43.0 
EBITDA1  50.6  (2.5)  53.1  (6.6)  (64.0)  57.4 
Depreciation and amortization  26.8  –   26.8  28.0   –    28.0 
Finance income and expense and share loss of an associate  9.9  (0.0)  9.9  5.1   0.7   4.4 
Income tax expense  4.0  (0.9)   4.9  6.6   (0.2)  6.8 
Profit for the period 9.9  (1.6)  11.5  (46.3)  (64.5)  18.2 
Amortization after tax  2.4 –   2.4  3.5   –    3.5 
Profit for the period before amortization1  12.3  (1.6)  13.9  (42.8)  (64.5)  21.7 
Cash flows
Cash flow from operations  36.4  4.1  40.5  37.9   3.0   40.9 
Cash flow from investing activities  (29.6)  0.4  (29.3)  (37.9)  0.1   (37.8)
Free cash flow1  6.8  4.5  11.3  0.0   3.1   3.1 
1 Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, refer to reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 207.
Group performance
Kendrion realized EUR 518.5 million revenue in 2023, 
compared with EUR 519.3 million in the previous year. Revenue 
growth at constant rates of exchange was 1%, as currency 
translation negatively affected group revenue mainly due to  

Page 36:
Profit for the period ended at EUR 9.9 million, against a loss  
of EUR 46.3 million in the previous year. Previous year’s profit 
was significantly affected by a EUR 58.5 million impairment of 
goodwill and other acquisition related intangibles and tax assets 
in the newly established unit Automotive Core. The impairment 
was the result of the fundamental shift in the automotive 
industry which is expected to gradually phase out the 
combustion engine. For a meaningful analysis of the underlying 
financial performance of the group, Kendrion presents certain 
performance measures on a normalized basis. The normalized 
performance measures exclude costs and benefits that are 
generated outside the ordinary course of business and include 
restructuring charges, asset impairments and other items  
of an incidental nature. Definitions and a detailed reconciliation 
of these alternative performance measures to the closest 
applicable IFRS performance measures can be found on  
pages 207-211 of this Annual Integrated Report. 
Normalized EBITDA1 in 2023 came in at EUR 53.1 million 
compared with EUR 57.4 million in the previous year. 
Normalized EBITDA as a percentage of revenue ended at 
10.2% (2022: 11.1%). The costs for raw materials and 
subcontracted work increased by EUR 6.3 million, or 2%.  
The increase was mainly the result of the higher proportionate 
revenue share of the Automotive Group compared to the 
previous year. The Automotive Group has on average higher 
material costs as a percentage of revenue compared with  
the Industrial business groups. Total staff and other operating 
expenses, excluding costs that are normalized from the results, 
decreased by EUR 1.5 million as cost savings more than  
offset the inflationary pressure on wages and other costs. 
Normalized finance costs1 increased by EUR 5.5 million to  
EUR 9.9 million because of higher average market interest rates 
and negative realised and unrealised currency differences of 
EUR 1.5 million. The normalized effective tax rate increased  
to 30.4% (2022: 27.4%). Taxation costs were affected by a 
EUR 0.5 million lower valuation of carry forward tax losses in 
the US. Normalized profit before amortization1 ended at      
EUR 13.9 million, (2022: EUR 21.7 million). In 2023 the group 
incurred in total EUR 2.5 million costs and benefits that were 
generated outside the normal course of business (2022:  
EUR 64.7 million). The costs mainly relate to the integration  
of the Chinese locations into the new manufacturing location  
in Suzhou. The after-tax amount of normalized costs  
in 2023 was EUR 1.6 million (2022: EUR 64.5 million).
Net cash flows from operating activities came it at  
EUR 36.4 million (2022: EUR 37.9 million). Cash flows from 
investing activities came in at negative EUR 29.6 million 
compared to negative 37.9 million in the previous year. The 
largest investment – EUR 6.3 million (2022: EUR 15.0 million) – 
related to the finalization of the construction of the new 
manufacturing facility at China’s Suzhou Industrial Park.  
Other investments mainly related to new production lines in  
the Industrial and Automotive activities. Cash flows in 2023 
included EUR 4.5 million cash items related to costs that have 
been normalized from the results (2022: EUR 3.1 million) mainly 
related to restructuring activities and the settlement of a tax 
claim agree to in the previous year. Overall normalized free cash 
flow1 ended at EUR 11.3 million (2022: EUR 3.1 million). 
Total net debt ended at EUR 145.0 million, an increase of  
EUR 4.7 million compared to 31 December 2022. The positive 
free cash flow was more than offset by EUR 3.2 million 
payments of lease liabilities and EUR 7.1 million dividends paid. 
Total invested capital per 31 December 2023 ended at  
EUR 217.5 million (31 December 2022: EUR 213.3 million), 
when excluding goodwill and other intangibles arising on 
acquisitions. Invested capital was EUR 218.9 million when 
excluding items that have been normalized. Return on invested 
capital1 ended at 13.5% (2022: 15.6%). 
Liquidity position
Kendrion’s liquidity position exists of freely available cash 
balances and undrawn facilities. Cash balances on  
31 December 2023 amounted to EUR 20.6 million (2022:  
EUR 37.8 million). In addition, Kendrion had EUR 43 million 
(2022: EUR 20 million) available under undrawn credit facilities. 
Kendrion’s main credit facility is a EUR 102.5 million facility 
agreement with HSBC Bank and ING Bank. The facility 
agreement runs until 26 April 2026 and includes a one-year 
extension option. Certain covenants apply including a 
maximum leverage ratio of 3.25, with a possible temporary 
spike up to 3.75 under certain conditions. Kendrion’s leverage 
ratio1 based on the definitions in the facility agreement as per 
31 December 2023 was 2.7 (31 December 2022: 2.4). 
Research & Development
EUR 27.0 million (2022: EUR 29.4 million) costs for R&D are 
included in the operating expenses, of which EUR 21.1 million 
(2022: EUR 21.6 million) staff costs. An amount of  
EUR 2.5 million in R&D expenses (2022: EUR 3.0 million)  
has been capitalized as R&D on the balance sheet. Costs for  
R&D as a percentage of revenue came to 5.0% (2022: 6.2%). 
Kendrion Group employed 249 FTE R&D employees.  
1 Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, refer to reconciliation  
of non-IFRS information, starting on page 207.
36Annual Integrated Report 2023
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 37:
R&D activities primarily focused on modifying existing 
electromagnetic brake technology for growth markets such  
as AGVs and surgical robots, locking solutions for industrial 
applications, inductive heating technology for industrial 
processes, the AVAS sound platform, customer-specific 
applications for active and air suspension and a platform 
application for sensor cleaning. 
Developments per segment 
The Industrial activities generated EUR 256.5 million (2022: 
EUR 276.5 million) of revenue in 2023, representing 49%  
of group revenue. Revenue at constant rates of exchange 
decreased 6% in 2023. Revenue in Industrial Brakes came  
in at EUR 129.0 million (2022: EUR 251.2 million) and in 
Industrial Actuators & Controls at EUR 127.5 million 2022:  
EUR 125.3 million). Revenue in Industrial Brakes was affected 
by a significant slowdown in the market for industrial 
automation and wind energy in their main markets Germany 
and China. As a result, revenue in Industrial Brakes at constant 
rates of exchange decreased 13% in 2023 million after two 
consecutive years of strong growth in 2021 and 2022.  
Industrial Actuators & Controls benefited from a diversified 
market segmentation with good revenue in medical, aviation 
and energy sectors more than offsetting weakness in other 
segments. 
Profit before finance expenses was EUR 23.1million  
(2022: EUR 40.5 million). Normalized EBITDA1 came in at  
EUR 36.1 million (2022: EUR 47.5 million). Reduced profitability 
is fully attributable to lower revenues in Industrial Brakes 
because of the cyclical industrial downturn. Normalized  
EBITDA in the Industrial groups excludes a total amount of  
EUR 1.5 million in costs and benefits (2022: EUR 0.6 million) 
that are that are generated outside the ordinary course of 
business of the Industrial activities. These costs include 
restructuring charges in Industrial Brakes and costs related  
to the relocation of existing facilities to the new manufacturing 
facility at Suzhou Industrial Park. 
The Kendrion Automotive Group (KAG) realized 9% revenue 
growth when measured at constant rates of exchange,  
resulting in its revenue increasing to EUR 262.0 million (2022: 
EUR 242.8 million) and accounting for 51% of group revenue. 
Since the end of 2022, the Automotive business group has 
been separated in Automotive Core, focusing on technologies 
for combustion engine vehicles, and Automotive E focusing  
on developing and marketing technologies for electrified  
and autonomous mobility. Automotive Core realized  
EUR 189.5 million revenue and Automotive E EUR 72.5 million. 
Profit before finance costs ended at EUR 0.7 million (2022:  
EUR -75.1 million). The Automotive Group realized normalized 
EBITDA1 of EUR 17.0 million (2022: EUR 9.9 million). 
Normalized EBITDA in the Automotive Group excludes  
EUR 1.0 m costs (2022: EUR 63.4 million) that are generated 
outside the ordinary course of business and mainly relate to 
restructuring charges and the relocation in China. 
Management statement 
In accordance with article 5:25c of the Financial Supervision 
Act (Wet op het Financieel Toezicht), the Executive Board 
confirms, to the best of its knowledge, that: (i) the consolidated 
financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, 
liabilities, financial position, and profit and loss of Kendrion N.V. 
and its consolidated companies; (ii) the Annual Integrated 
Report gives a true and fair view of the position as at  
31 December 2023 and the developments during the financial 
year of Kendrion N.V. and its group of companies included in 
the consolidated financial statements; and (iii) the Annual 
Integrated Report describes the main risks Kendrion is facing.
The members of the Executive Board have signed the 
consolidated financial statements to comply with its statutory 
obligation pursuant to article 2:101, paragraph 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code and article 5:25c of the Financial Supervision Act.
1 Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, refer to reconciliation  
of non-IFRS information, starting on page 207.
37Annual Integrated Report 2023
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 38:
The world we live in has become increasingly 
turbulent and unpredictable, with geopolitical 
instability and the effects of climate change 
having a large impact on people’s lives and 
economies worldwide. The transition to a more 
sustainable world using clean energy sources is 
more pressing and urgent than ever. We are 
dedicated to help reducing the negative impact 
of climate change and to addressing social 
matters. Our approach is characterized by the 
ambition to mitigate risks, manage performance, 
and establish long-term sustainable value.  
The extent to which meaningful contributions can 
be made is subject to an unambiguous approach 
throughout the supply chain of the industry in 
which we operate. We are supported by our 
customers, suppliers, and other business 
relations who have also inspired and pushed  
the sustainability transformation, and we are 
committed to scaling up our and our supply 
chain partners’ efforts.
Sustainability review
Creating long-term sustainable value
Managing our environmental impact 
We are committed to minimizing our environmental impact. 
Measuring, managing, and reporting environmental impact is 
essential for making well-informed decisions and safeguarding 
our performance is aligned to our values and ambitions.  
Our global sustainability program describes our approach to 
defining, measuring, and managing our environmental impact. 
We are positioned to enable the shift towards clean energy as 
all our Business Groups and our operations in China focus on 
delivering smart actuator products that support the broad 
energy transition away from fossil fuels towards clean forms  
of energy. Our dedication to taking climate action is reflected  
in our ambitious reduction targets. 
Kendrion’s global sustainability program forms an integral part 
of our strategic plan and our short- and longer-term objectives. 
Our ambition to continuously improve our sustainability 
performance required cultural and organizational changes.  
Our sustainability ambitions are appropriately aligned with our 
organizational set-up where decision makers are empowered 
and held accountable for prioritizing and fundamentally 
enhancing our sustainability performance. Sustainability 
objectives are cascaded to our Business Groups and made  
an explicit component of Kendrion’s performance-based 
remuneration schemes. Personal targets set for senior 
management include sustainability criteria. The short-term and 
long-term variable remuneration of the Executive Board also 
include sustainability performance criteria (e.g., energy 
efficiency and reduction of CO2 emissions) and social 
performance criteria (e.g., diversity, company culture, leadership 
development). Reference is made to the Remuneration Report 
included in this Annual Integrated Report for detailed 
information on the application of the Remuneration Policy for 
the Executive Board and the actual performance in 2023 
against the predefined performance criteria. 
We are confident that our sustainability program serves  
the long-term interests of our stakeholders, including the 
communities where we operate. Our current sustainability 
program expired as per the end of 2023. With the increasing 
sustainability demands and the resulting legislative initiatives, 
we are motivated to further sharpen and strengthen our 
sustainability ambitions and strategy. 
Mitigate climate change
resulting from business and 
operations
Care for social wellbeing
by respecting human rights 
Support and enable
the transition to a sustainable 
world
38Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 39:
Engaging with our stakeholders
To create long-term sustainable value for our stakeholders,  
we engage in an open and continuous dialogue about 
sustainability themes to deepen our insights into their needs 
and expectations. This regular engagement helps us improve 
and innovate our global sustainability program, not only in 
design but also in management and execution. In engaging 
with our stakeholders, we aim to build trust, identify trends,  
and address critical issues, including the implications of climate 
change for our business operations and products as well as  
the impact of our operations on the environment and society. 
The dialogue with our stakeholders helps us assess our 
environmental risk profile and establish what mitigation plans 
are required or expected to make a meaningful contribution  
to a sustainable future. By engaging in a dialogue, we provide 
transparency in our plans and actions to reduce the negative 
impact of climate change and to address other related 
challenges. When developing strategies and mitigation plans, 
we always consider input provided by our stakeholders. 
Our key stakeholder groups include customers, suppliers, 
employees, shareholders, local communities, technical 
universities, and institutions of higher technical education.  
For each group, Kendrion’s stakeholder engagement varies and 
includes formal and informal channels that are being used with 
varying degrees of regularity. Our key stakeholder groups are 
described on pages 62-63 of this Annual Integrated Report. 
Key themes addressed during our stakeholder dialogues in 
2023 included: 
 ■ Environmental impact and climate change: 
decarbonization and energy efficiency, and renewable 
energy sources;
 ■ Supply chain management: raw material sourcing and 
environmental and social standards in the supply chain;
 ■ Sustainable production and waste management: 
contributing to climate mitigation and adaptation objectives;
 ■ Social impact: labor practices, community engagement 
and human rights;
 ■ Governance: executive remuneration and risk 
management. 
Materiality matrix
SIGNIFICANCE TO STAKEHOLDERS
SIGNIFICANCE TO KENDRION
Water management
Customer engagement
Energy management & emissions
Community involvement
Material & waste 
management
Customer privacy &  
data security
Economic performance
Responsible & innovative products
Business 
ethics & Integrity
Employee development
Inclusive workplace
Strategic partnerships & co creation
Responsible procurementHuman rights
Employee health & safety
Natural capital Social and human capital Responsible business conduct
39Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 40:
Identified material matters 
For a focused strategic approach, aimed at a healthy balance 
between stakeholder expectations and business aspirations, 
we identify and assess the material topics that are most 
relevant to Kendrion’s activities. To this end, Kendrion uses  
a materiality analysis to gain insight into the relevance and 
importance of topics for both Kendrion and our stakeholder 
groups. The relevance of identified material topics for internal 
and external stakeholders may vary and is subject to change. 
In this Annual Integrated Report, we are disclosing material 
topics following our 2020 materiality assessment which did not 
reveal significant movements in the ranking of individual themes 
compared to the assessment of 2018. The outcome of the 
2018 and 2020 assessments is a refined number of material 
themes structured in a materiality matrix around Kendrion’s 
three pillars of value creation that form the basis of the global 
sustainability program: Natural Capital, Social and Human 
Capital and Responsible Business Conduct. 
Our current materiality matrix shows an enhanced classification 
and organization of material themes with a view to maintaining 
continued focus on those themes where Kendrion can have the 
most impact. 
Kendrion’s materiality matrix shows the material topics along 
two axes: significance to stakeholders and significance to 
Kendrion. 
The outcome of the 2018 and 2020 materiality analyses formed 
important input for Kendrion’s sustainability program and the 
2019-2023 target framework as well as the further 
development and execution thereof. 
While this Annual Integrated Report generally covers topics in 
the above materiality matrix, under Kendrion’s second 5-year 
sustainability plan covering 2019-2023, Kendrion has chosen 
to not set measurable sustainability targets for each material 
topic, but instead select the topics where it can have most 
impact. 
 
Kendrion reports against the 2019-2023 target framework and 
related commitments. 
Kendrion reports only on the most relevant material topics.  
The most relevant material topics are economic performance, 
anti-corruption, energy efficiency, carbon emissions, 
occupational health and safety, training and education, non-
discrimination, and equal opportunities. Kendrion reports 
according to the GRI reference claims, which are described  
on pages 212-213 in the section ‘About the Sustainability 
Report’. 
2019-2023 TARGET FRAMEWORK
Please refer to the section ‘About the sustainability report’ on pages 212-214 of this Annual Integrated Report for reporting periods, definitions, 
scope and limited assurance review.
Recurring annual improvement  
of health & safety ﬁgures 
number of accidents per 1,000 FTE,  
lost time injury rate per 1,000 FTE,   
group-wide illness rate
The establishment of a  
Global Diversity Committee, 
responsible for advancing diversity
The implementation of a global 
company culture campaign 
Rewarding 10 community 
investment initiatives per year 
through Together@Kendrion
Maintain a responsible  
product portfolio 
Products that Keep you Safe, Products 
that Reduce Climate Impact and Products 
that Improve Health
Sustainable sourcing 
Sourcing only from approved suppliers 
and conducting at least 25 implementation 
audits annually
Continuous improvement  
and strengthening of  
the Global Legal Compliance  
and Governance Framework 
to secure responsible business conduct
Natural Capital
Social and Human Capital
Responsible Business Conduct
15%
Relative reduction  
of energy 
consumption
Implementation of the waste 
management hierarchy 
in global waste management practices
15%
Relative reduction 
of CO 2 emission
40Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 41:
CSRD consistent double materiality 
assessment 
In anticipation of the upcoming Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive (CSRD) – with the support of external 
experts, we have started the process to update our materiality 
assessment to align with the double materiality approach.  
As per the new requirements, a CSRD compliant materiality 
assessment requires a review of material matters that represent 
relevant impacts of our operations and activities on the 
environment, people, and their human rights (i.e. impact 
materiality) and a review of how sustainability and climate 
impact our operations and activities (i.e. financial materiality). 
Building on our existing material matters, we have conducted  
a company analysis, the outcome of which was used to create  
a long list of topics. The list of topics has been the starting 
point for our stakeholder dialogue, and initial impact, risk,  
and opportunity (IRO) collection. The results of the initial IRO 
collection have been used as input for our subsequent 
identification of IROs. Identified IROs were evaluated in line with 
CSRD requirements – and will form the basis for our preliminary 
materiality matrix needed for the classification of our focus 
topics. We will continue engaging with our stakeholders and 
-with the help of external consultants- finalize the assessment 
and materiality matrix for those areas where interpretations of 
the CSRD and underlying European Sustainability Reporting 
Standards (ESRS) were not yet fully clear when preparing for 
this Annual Integrated Report. We will make the required 
disclosures in our 2024 Annual Integrated Report, including the 
finalized CSRD materiality matrix.  
2024 - 2028 Sustainability/ESG program
During the past period we completed the development of our 
third 5-year sustainability/ESG program for the period 2024-
2028. The development process involved the completion of 
various extensive analyses, the identification of areas for 
improvement, and validation of ambitious and realistic 
sustainability targets. The key components of the 2024-2028 
sustainability/ESG program are outlined below. 
 ■ Achieve a further 70% reduction in CO2 emissions.
 ■ Establish reporting frameworks for Scope 1, 2 and 3 
reporting and disclosure.
 ■ Implement gender diversity targets at Business Group level 
for indirect staff, aiming for a 25% improvement over time 
with a minimum threshold of 33%.
 ■ Enhance supplier selection and screening by transitioning 
from basic risk assessment to integrating ESG metrics into 
the sourcing process.
 ■ Sustain ESG ratings from EcoVadis and CDP .
The official launch of the new sustainability program is 
anticipated in February 2024. 
41Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 42:
Please refer to the section 'About the sustainability report' on pages 212-214 of this Annual Integrated Report for reporting periods, definitions, 
scope and limited assurance review.
TARGET 2023
 
15%
Relative reduction of 
energy consumption
REALIZED
15.31% 
Relative reduction 
of CO2 emission
TARGET 2023
15%
REALIZED
22.9%
REALIZED IN 2023
Completed required analyses to 
ﬁnalize the 2024-2028 ESG program
Reduction relative CO2 emissions 
from energy by production plants 
by 56% compared to 2015
NATURAL CAPITAL 
The Natural Capital pillar focuses on reducing the 
negative impacts of climate change by increasing 
energy efficiency and use of renewable energy, 
reducing CO2 emissions, and strengthening 
waste management practices. 
Energy efficiency, renewable energy and  
CO2 emissions
Sustainability objective 2019-2023 target framework:  
15% relative reduction of energy consumption and CO2 
emissions by the end of 2023
We are dedicated to reducing the impact of our business 
operations on the environment. We consistently strive to 
increase energy efficiency and use of renewable energy to 
reduce emissions of CO2 in the development and manufacture 
of our products. We have implemented several initiatives to 
reduce our carbon footprint and increase energy efficiency, 
including the transition to renewable energy sources and the 
implementation of enhanced waste management practices. 
Sustainable growth opportunities
The energy transformation impacts the industries we operate 
in. Sustainable products and technologies are seen as the 
default choice by a growing number of people. As developer 
and manufacturer of high-quality actuator products we are well 
positioned to contribute to the global shift towards 
electrification and clean energy. 
With our product portfolio we contribute to the increasing 
demand for clean energy and the accelerating development of 
electrification of industrial processes and mobility. These key 
trends in electrification drive demand for our products in wind 
power, automated warehouses, induction heating technology 
and electric vehicles that support the transition from fossil fuel 
to electrical solutions. The strategic plans of our Business 
Groups are directed at these market segments accordingly. 
Industrial Brakes (IB) capitalizes on the energy transition in 
segments such as wind power, intralogistics, and robotics. 
Industrial Actuators and Controls (IAC) responds to the 
increasing demand for sustainable products and technologies 
with its electrified induction heating systems that replace 
traditional gas and oil heating solutions, its circuit brakers  
for electricity distribution and its safety actuators for nuclear 
power facilities. 
The 2022 split of the Automotive Group into two distinct units  
– Automotive Core and Automotive E – brought us the 
additional strategic agility needed to contribute to the 
accelerating transformation the automotive industry is going 
through. The split further strengthens Kendrion’s ability to 
benefit from the move towards automotive electrification and 
clean energy and presents a well-considered and thought-out 
path towards the future of new forms of sustainable mobility.
2019-2023 TARGET FRAMEWORK 
42Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 43:
been achieved compared with 2018, and a relative reduction  
of CO2 emission of 22.9% compared with 2018 has been 
achieved. Since 2015 a relative reduction of CO2 emissions – 
mostly from energy by production plants – of 56% has been 
achieved.
An important milestone has been the installation of solar panels 
on our new 28,000 m2 manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China. 
With our solar panels in China, we envisage generating an 
estimated 650.000 kWh annually, which will enable us to cover 
around 30% to 40% of our estimated electricity requirements in 
China. 
For our remaining energy requirements in China that cannot  
be satisfied through our own solar panels, green energy will be 
purchased.
As part of the preparations for our new 5-year sustainability 
program for the period 2024 to 2028 – we carried out a GHG 
scope 3 materiality assessment together with an external 
specialist. This materiality assessment was performed in 
support of our upcoming measurement and disclosure of 
scope 1, 2 and 3 CO2 emissions where we currently report our 
scope 1 and 2 emissions on a consolidated basis. 
With the increasingly smart actuation technology of Automotive 
E, we help facilitate Autonomous, Connected, Electric and 
Shared mobility (or ACES). These developments come with  
an increasing demand for software and electronics to control  
our actuators and the safety and comfort of electric vehicles. 
With the addition of 3T – a Netherlands-based developer of 
electronics and embedded systems – we have expanded our 
electronics development capabilities significantly and enhanced 
our ability to deliver high quality smart actuators for electrified 
and autonomous vehicles.
Decarbonization of our operations 
We are dedicated to supporting the Paris Agreement to limit 
global warming to 1.5 Celsius. Under our 2019-2023 
sustainability target framework we aspire to realizing a 15% 
relative reduction of energy consumption and CO2 emissions 
by the end of 2023. The roadmap has been subject to regular 
review to ensure continued effectiveness of measures 
implemented and to allow for possible adjustments as required 
in view of our 15% relative reduction targets. With the support 
of a consultancy firm, we have previously carried out a 
comprehensive assessment which has given us the necessary  
outside-in perspective on our decarbonization plans. Consistent 
with the recommendations made, we have advanced our 
decarbonization propositions in support of the realization of our 
2019-2023 sustainability target framework. 
The implementation of energy-efficient practices – specifically in 
our production facilities – and the further transition to renewable 
energy sources, yielded the achievement of the 2019-2023 
sustainability targets to realize a 15% relative reduction of 
energy consumption and CO2 emissions. As per the end of 
2023 a relative reduction of energy consumption of 15.31% has 
1. Purchased goods  & services2. Capital goods
3. Fuel and energy 
related emissions
4. Transport & distribution
5. Waste from 
own facilities
6. Business travel
7. Commuting of employees
8. Upstream 
leased assets
9. Transport 
and Distribution
10. Processing 
of sold products
11. Use of sold products
12. End of life
13. Downstream 
leased assets
14. Franchises
15. Investments
Own control and inﬂuence
Emission level in t CO
2e
high
low high
No ActivityScreening Calculation
43Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 44:
Our scope 3 materiality assessment involved an analysis of  
15 categories of scope 3 emissions in line with the definitions  
of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. The various categories were 
assessed for their relevance and influenceability and were 
accordingly arranged in a matrix. 
In addition to distinguishing among scope 1 and 2 emissions 
and advancing our scope 1 and 2 reduction targets; measuring 
and managing our scope 3 emissions and developing scope 3 
reduction targets will be part of our 2024-2028 sustainability 
target framework. We intend to launch our third 5-year 
sustainability target framework in February of 2024. 
Developing and executing a sustainability strategy with 
ambitious goals involves transformation time and costs.  
The extent to which meaningful contributions can be made  
is subject to an unequivocal approach throughout the supply 
chain of the industry in which we operate. We are actively 
engaging with customers and suppliers that are equally 
dedicated to addressing climate change challenges. We aim to 
develop partnerships that advance emission reduction efforts 
throughout the supply chains of which we are part.  
Sustainability rating and environmental 
certification 
For many years now, we have been actively engaged in reducing 
its environmental impact. We apply an environmental reporting 
system that tracks the CO2 emissions and energy consumption 
of all the production plants. Kendrion has consistently improved 
its production processes with the overall objective of reducing 
the environmental footprint of the production plants.
Our 2023 EcoVadis sustainability rating put us in the top 19% 
(2022: 22%) of rated manufacturing companies and our first 
CDP score (B minus) shows our good environmental 
management.  
Energy consumption 2023 2022
Δ % 
2023 / 2022
Power  kWh 24,724,627 24,113,379 2.5%
Fuel oil  kWh 337,110 403,740 -16.5%
Natural gas  kWh 9,193,299 10,147,307 -9.4%
34,255,036 34,664,426 -1.2%
Energy consumption per EUR million added value 2023 2022
Δ % 
2023 / 2022
Power  kWh 108,164 102,381 5.6%
Fuel oil  kWh 1,475 1,714 -13.9%
Natural gas  kWh 40,218 43,084 -6.7%
149,857 147,179 1.8%
Energy consumption 2023 2022
Δ % 
2023 / 2022
Absolute consumption, kWh 34,255,036 34,664,426 -1.2%
Relative consumption, kWh / million EUR added value 149,857 147,179 1.8%
CO2 emissions2 2023 2022
Δ % 
2023 / 2022
Absolute emissions, tonnes 6,231 5,833 6.8%
Relative emissions, tonnes / million EUR added value 27.3 24.8 10.1%
1 Please refer to the section ‘About the sustainability report’ on pages 212-214 of this Annual Integrated Report for reporting 
periods, definitions, scope and limited assurance review.   
2  Scope 1 and 2 of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.   
Energy and Emissions 1
Our sustainability ratings illustrate our long-standing dedication 
to making meaningful contributions.
The global certification ISO 50001 Energy Management System 
supports the production plants in their efforts to use energy 
more efficiently by developing and maintaining an energy 
management system. Kendrion’s environmental management 
systems are in accordance with ISO 14001.  
ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems specify 
requirements for an environmental management system  
to enhance environmental performance. Kendrion’s largest 
production plants are ISO 50001 certified and ISO 14001 
certified. 
44Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 45:
Waste management: waste disposal and 
recycling 
We focus on the development and implementation of waste 
reduction and waste use. Our efforts are structured according 
to the long-recognized hierarchy of management of waste, in 
the following order of preference: prevention, reuse, recycling, 
other recovery and (landfill) disposal. 
Kendrion’s ISO 14001 certified manufacturing facilities maintain 
records of their production and processing of all waste and 
work with certified waste processing companies to the extent 
required by local regulation. New waste reduction measures 
must be implemented each year as part of the ISO 14001 
certification process. 
We maintain a centralized waste data collection process with 
uniform waste data collection sheets and waste registers using 
standardized and consistent definitions. The standardization of 
internal reporting and control processes enable comprehensive 
reviews of the different categories of waste generated by our 
manufacturing facilities. Our uniform practices furthermore allow 
for the identification and handling of differences in local waste 
management practices that are driven by – for example – 
variances in production processes or regulatory requirements. 
The outcome of the most recent waste data analysis shows  
a slight increase of total waste compared to the prior year and 
the overall recycling rate came out at 84.8% (prior year: 74%).  
 
The distribution of hazardous waste (8%, prior year 8.7%) and 
non-hazardous waste (92%, prior year 91.3%) slightly shifted. 
The top-three of hazardous and non-hazardous materials 
remained unchanged, with cooling fluid, solvent, old oil, and 
packaging of hazardous substances comprising the top-three 
of hazardous materials and iron and steel, commercial waste 
and cardboard dominating the top-three of non-hazardous 
materials. 
Following our earlier engagement with a specialized 
consultancy firm we expanded our horizon with respect to 
waste management. The comprehensive analysis carried out by 
the external specialist covered a review of key characteristics  
of our manufacturing processes and the various categories of 
waste reported through the uniform data collection sheets and 
waste registers. The outcome of the analysis enhanced our 
insights and has – among other things – been used to progress 
our uniform waste standards. The degree of compliance of  
a manufacturing location with our newly developed waste 
standards is assessed annually by means of an internal rating 
and verification system. The implementation of new waste 
standards and the related rating and verification system enable 
us to closely monitor each manufacturing location. The uniform 
waste standards will be reviewed regularly to ensure they 
continue meeting current practices and expectations. 
Our dedicated waste management task force comprising waste 
management and quality professionals of all Business Groups 
will continue its analysis to ascertain the feasibility of indicators 
and monitoring parameters in the following areas: zero landfill 
waste, recycling – specifically recycling of Critical Raw Materials 
(CRMs) – and waste per unit sale (kg). With our current waste 
management practices – and the envisaged improvements 
thereof – we reduce our environmental impact and promote  
a more sustainable future. 
TAKING RESPONSIBILITY
Prevention
Reuse
Recycling
Other recovery
Disposal
WASTE MANAGEMENT HIERARCHY
2023 TARGET
Diversity@Kendrion
49 nationalities,  
9 countries,
46% female workforce
2023
573
2023
7.7
2023 
4.7%
6.5
2023 TARGET
5.4%
Illness rate
2023 TARGET
707
Accidents
(per 1,000 FTE)
Lost Time Injuries
(in days)
Please refer to the section 'About the sustainability report' on pages 212-214 of this Annual Integrated Report for reporting periods, definitions, 
scope and limited assurance review.
45Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 46:
 
 SOCIAL AND HUMAN CAPITAL
The Social and Human Capital pillar concerns 
the preservation of the health and safety of our 
employees by providing a high-quality and safe 
work environment and maintaining a culture 
consistent with the norms and values underlying 
The Kendrion Way and our Code of Conduct. 
Diversity, fair labor practices and recognition of 
human rights are other material themes of the 
Social and Human Capital pillar. 
Sustainability objective 2019-2023 target framework: 
recurring annual improvement of health and safety figures 
Health and Safety
We provide a high-quality and safe work environment where the 
norms and values underlying The Kendrion Way, and our Code 
of Conduct are acknowledged and respected. Health and 
safety have the highest priority in every aspect of Kendrion’s 
operations. We apply the most stringent quality and health and 
safety standards to protect our people from potential risks that 
may occur in the workplace and to reduce the risk of accidents 
and injuries. Kendrion’s employees receive periodic safety 
training, including training in proper use of machinery, protective 
equipment, handling of substances, emergency procedures, 
and other safe work practices. In addition, safety inspections 
are carried out at regular intervals. The health and safety of 
employees are a crucial aspect of any manufacturing operation 
and essential to the successful conduct of our business. 
The Kendrion Health Task Force, chaired by the CEO, monitors 
our global health and safety figures, and coordinates the 
implementation of improvement measures in all our facilities. 
The Task Force meets monthly or more often as needed.
Day-to-day responsibility for health and safety is concentrated 
within the Business Groups in which health and safety are 
managed systematically and in a standardized manner with 
clear rules and procedures based on recognized industry 
standards and best practices that are laid down in Health, 
Safety & Environmental (HSE) policies. Each production plant 
further implements initiatives to enhance its HSE standards 
depending on plant-specific needs, production lines and 
Our joint value journey so far…
2019
The Kendrion Way
2020
Update Code of Conduct:  
a diverse and inclusive culture  
and atmosphere 
2021
Strategic diversity framework
2022
Circle of Trust 
German Charta der Vielfalt  
Update Fair Labour &  
Human Rights Policy
2023
Celebrations:  
International Women’s Day 
World Day for Cultural Diversity
46Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsContents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 47:
technologies. HSE audits are performed to assess 
implementation and compliance with HSE policies at regular 
intervals. All employees are required to adhere to local health 
and safety procedures and practices and participate in training 
programs. Specific and measurable performance targets for 
Kendrion’s business units and local management include health 
and safety metrics, which are determined by the number  
of accidents per 1,000 FTE, Lost Time Injury (LTI) rates and 
illness rates. 
5S methodology
Due to a continued focus on the safety of the production 
processes, Kendrion achieved good safety results across its 
production plants. Some of our production plants apply the 5S 
methodology, which aims to continuously improve workplace 
safety and working conditions. These plants apply a systematic 
process to optimize their production lines and periodically 
perform 5S audits to verify compliance with the methodology. 
We are dedicated to ensuring due compliance with the 
applicable occupational health and safety regulations at all our 
locations. Our health and safety procedures contribute to the 
advancement of selected UN Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs), towards SDG 3 (Good health and well-being) and  
SDG 8 (Decent work and economic growth). 
Promoting and maintaining a culture consistent with the norms 
and values underlying The Kendrion Way and our Code of 
Conduct are key to enabling long-term employment. The 
Kendrion Way forms the solid foundation of our strategy that  
is symbolically captured in the Kendrion ‘strategic house’.  
Our culture and the underlying values underpin all the work  
we do and contribute to creating an open and inclusive 
atmosphere. Our Code of Conduct provides further guidance 
about our cultural norms and values, the value ‘integrity’ in 
particular. Reference is made to the section People and Culture 
included in this Annual Integrated Report for more information 
on The Kendrion Way and our Code of Conduct. 
Fair labor practices and human rights
Respecting human rights is fundamental to a sustainable 
society and an essential component of promoting sustainable 
business practices throughout our organization and interactions 
with customers, suppliers, and other business partners.  
We recognize and support the human rights outlined in the  
Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. 
Acknowledging and respecting fair labor practices and human 
rights are an essential component of conveying and practicing 
sustainable business standards. We acknowledge and respect 
children’s rights to education and development, and the 
applicable minimum employment age and related conditions 
consistent with applicable statutory requirements. Kendrion 
does not tolerate any form of forced or involuntary labor and 
endeavors to apply the UN Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights. We consider ourselves a responsible corporate 
citizen. We take responsibility for the living conditions and 
career opportunities at our locations and maintain strong  
ties to the communities in which we operate. Intercultural 
understanding and respect, fair working conditions, career 
development, (gender) diversity and employee representation 
are some of the focal points of our corporate citizenship 
initiatives. These are also areas in which we aim to contribute  
to the advancement of selected UN Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs), towards SDG 5 (Gender equality) and SDG 8 
(Decent work and economic growth).
Our commitment to endorse fair labor practices and to respect 
human rights is recorded in our Fair Labor and Human Rights 
Policy. Our Fair Labor and Human Rights Policy contains global 
standards and principles applicable across all Kendrion 
business operations.  
 
With an international workforce and facilities across three 
continents, we take a specific interest in promoting respect and 
tolerance for different cultures, beliefs, and other characteristics 
such as religion and gender. We have recorded the value of 
equal opportunities and equal treatment in our Code of Conduct. 
We develop education projects that facilitate young people’s first 
experience with the labor market and career development. 
Because the demand for Science, Technology, Engineering and 
Mathematics (STEM) skills within Kendrion is high these projects 
also aim to encourage young talented students to take an 
interest in STEM related studies. 
The Circle of Trust
Workplace well-being is an important part of Kendrion’s culture 
as it relates to all aspects of our employees’ working life at 
Kendrion. Promoting cohesion – within a professional community 
where all employees feel welcome and respected, regardless of 
their background or position – enables engagement, innovation, 
and performance. We have made a concerted effort to prioritize 
the well-being of our employees through a variety of initiatives. 
Achieving social change for female employees, particularly in the 
workforce, remains a topical theme. Overall, social change for 
female employees is a multifaceted topic that requires consistent 
effort not only from employers but also from their employees. 
Building on our employee wellbeing program we established  
The Circle of Trust, providing female Kendrion employees access 
to a trusted network and a confidential support line. The primary 
objective of The Circle of Trust is to foster a safe and ethical 
working environment and promoting female empowerment  
and well-being. Through our trusted network and confidential 
support line of The Circle of Trust, we create a sense of 
community, contributing to the advancement of social progress 
for female employees. 
47Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 48:
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS CONDUCT
The Responsible Business Conduct pillar 
focuses on business conduct and integrity, 
accountability, and transparency. Material themes 
for the Responsible Business Conduct pillar 
include sustainable sourcing and ethical 
behavior. 
Sustainable sourcing
We are looking for ways to increase efficiency and transparency 
in our supply chain and are committed to sourcing our materials 
in an environmentally responsible and socially viable manner. 
Our pursuit of long-term sustainability goals are not limited to 
achieving energy efficiencies and reducing our carbon footprint. 
Our sustainability commitments and efforts are directed at other 
parts of the value chain as well. We select suppliers based on 
various criteria, including sustainability criteria. As part of our 
selection and screening process we require our suppliers to 
sign and adhere to the Kendrion Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Our Supplier Code of Conduct includes specific requirements 
relevant to the recognition of human rights, commitments to  
a safe working environment, environmental protection, and 
responsible business practices.
We operate as part of a supply chain with a central focus  
on product development and manufacturing processes. 
Kendrion and other parties forming part of the supply chain  
are collectively responsible for maintaining the quality and 
sustainability of the materials and products in the supply chain. 
We want to play a meaningful role in our supply chain.  
To achieve meaningful results, it is necessary to progress our 
proactive engagement with suppliers, and to continue focusing 
on suppliers’ environmental and social performance in our 
selection and assessment process.
The sourcing of certain minerals such as tantalum, tin, 
tungsten, and gold (i.e. ‘conflict minerals’) has been linked  
to human rights abuses or widespread violence. We conduct 
inquiries into our supply chain to confirm that materials supplied 
are conflict-free and that suppliers are not aware of non-
compliance in their supplier base. We do not source any 
tantalum, tin, tungsten, or gold. We request our suppliers to 
complete a conflict mineral reporting template or similar 
material statement to evidence compliance. We expect our 
suppliers to adhere to the principles and standards included  
in our Supplier Code of Conduct, which also contains 
restrictions on the use of conflict minerals. 
48Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 49:
Permanent magnets are used in some of Kendrion’s products. 
The volumes we use are limited. However, we cannot avoid the 
use of permanent magnets altogether, as their use increases 
product functionality and certain product specifications, such 
as torque in industrial brakes. One category of permanent 
magnets contains several rare earth metals. The mining and 
refining of rare earth metals is energy intensive. Kendrion strives 
to use as little of these permanent magnets as technically 
feasible. 
Our facilities are supported by an extensive supplier network. 
Frequently used materials are steel, aluminum, copper, and 
plastics. In many cases, semi-finished products are purchased 
based on specifications of Kendrion’s customers. Kendrion 
used 1,713 tons of copper (best estimate) in the manufacture 
of its products in 2023 (2022: 1,811). 
Looking ahead 
In tandem with our existing sustainability program and in 
anticipation of our new 2024-2028 sustainability program, we 
are dedicated to advancing our existing processes for supplier 
selection and screening. Responding to the reasonable 
expectations of our stakeholders and existing and upcoming 
regulatory requirements – our emphasis shifted from mere risk 
assessment to further embedding sustainability requirements in 
our sourcing processes. Engaging with our suppliers – and 
customers – to take to take climate action is an important step 
and integral to our selection and screening process. 
We will continue this engagement with our suppliers, also to 
better understand how to use environmental and social metrics 
in future supplier selection. For example, the collection of 
primary GHG emissions data from our suppliers is expected to 
contribute to a reduction of emissions from our procured goods 
and services. The results of our scope 3 materiality assessment 
– as shown in the diagram on page 43 – also demonstrate the 
high relevance and influenceability of the scope 3 category 
‘purchased goods and services'. Our third 5-year sustainability 
program for the period 2024-2028 will include additional 
metrics and improved existing metrics against which our 
suppliers will be assessed. Below is a summary overview of  
the envisaged metrics. 
Natural Capital 
 ■ Renewable energy
 ■ Energy efficiency
 ■ CO2 emission values 
cradle to gate
 ■ Waste prevention / 
Waste management
Social and Human Capital
 ■ Human Rights
 ■ Labour Rights
 ■ Diversity, equality 
and inclusion
 ■ Occupational health 
and safety
Responsible Business Conduct
 ■ Export controls and 
economic sanctions / 
Sanction monitoring
 ■ Environmental 
management system 
(ISO14001)
Materials 
 ■ Percentage of recycled materials
 ■ Product less CO2 impact than 
comparable products 
 ■ Reuse and recycling
 ■ Regulations - Conflict Minerals, 
RoHS, REACH, VDA etc.
 ■ Hazardous substances
Ecology 
 ■ Land, forest and water rights
 ■ Biodiversity, land use and 
deforestation
 ■ Soil quality
Compliance 
 ■ Whistleblower / Anti-Corruption 
& anti-bribery
 ■ Data Security / personal data 
protection
 ■ Intellectual Property
Sustainable sourcing metrics
49Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 50:
Supplier Code of Conduct and audit 
procedures
We feel responsible for ensuring that our sustainable sourcing 
standards are maintained along our supply chain. To minimize 
occurrence of environmental and social risks in our supply 
chain, we apply a standardized due diligence process, including 
completion of (material) compliance statements and use of 
other checks and validations. New suppliers are required to 
adhere to the principles and standards of our Supplier Code of 
Conduct, which explicitly includes Kendrion’s right to carry out 
an audit at the supplier’s site to verify compliance with the 
standards and principles of our Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Kendrion conducts audit procedures to review whether 
suppliers comply with the standards and principles of the 
Supplier Code of Conduct. Supplier audits are internal audits 
performed by Kendrion employees based on an internal 
procedure that prescribes the collection of corporate 
responsibility documentation of the relevant supplier in the case 
the supplier is ISO certified, and the use of standardized self-
assessment questionnaires in the case the supplier is not ISO-
certified. Audits that reveal that a supplier does not meet the 
requirements of the Supplier Code of Conduct are followed by 
a meeting to ask the supplier to prepare a remediation plan. 
Failure to adequately follow up the remediation plan may result 
in the termination of the relationship with the relevant supplier. 
The results of the 25 (2022: 29) supplier audits conducted in 
2023 have been encouraging as most suppliers followed 
through on our audit procedures. As in 2022, none of our 
suppliers failed to fulfil the recommended requirements for 
compliance with the Supplier Code of Conduct. However, there 
was a limited number of suppliers where we had to follow up  
to clarify their responses.
Through the approach and initiatives set out above, Kendrion 
actively encourages its suppliers to take responsibility in 
addressing issues that affect the supply chain.
Ethical behavior 
We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of 
conduct in all our business activities. To this end, we foster  
a culture where universal ethical values and behaviors are the 
standard. These ethical values and expected behaviors are laid 
down in a set of internal policies and procedures. In addition  
to setting norms, values and expected behaviors, Kendrion’s 
policies and procedures are directed at ensuring compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
Key internal policies and procedures include Code of Conduct, 
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, Speak-up procedure, 
Fair Labor and Human Rights Policy, Competition Compliance 
Manual, Insider Trading Code, Data Protection Governance 
Guidelines, Personal Data Breach Reporting Procedure, 
Supplier Code of Conduct and related internal policies and 
procedures. 
Our Code of Conduct builds on the values of The Kendrion 
Way, and is intended to further develop and implement our 
corporate norms and values, with a particular emphasis on 
‘integrity’ . The Code of Conduct is about bringing together 
over 2.637 people with 49 different nationalities from multiple 
Kendrion locations around the globe that operate under  
The Kendrion Way and together form the Kendrion brand.  
The Code of Conduct provides unity and sets guidance for 
business decisions. It provides principles of ethical business 
behavior and is integral to our culture. It is about taking  
the right decisions in our everyday business lives.  
We expect all our employees to do what is ethically right and 
legal, and not only live by and respect the principles set forth in 
the Code of Conduct, but also convey the message underlying 
the Code of Conduct. Education, training and concrete 
examples of expected behaviors, dilemmas and actions are key 
to ensuring continued compliance with our values. 
Kendrion does not tolerate bribery or any form of corruption. 
Bribery may involve the offering, promising, or giving of 
payments or other benefits to any person (including 
government officials or public officials) to improperly influence  
a business outcome, but it also means accepting payment or 
benefits offered to improperly influence a business outcome. 
Integrity of financial reporting is also a key principle.  
The Kendrion Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy 
specifically addresses these matters. 
Kendrion considers it essential that every employee 
understands, complies with, and conveys the shared norms 
and universal ethical values and behaviors as laid down in the 
internal policies and procedures. Our policies and procedures 
are fundamental to ensuring responsible business conduct. It is 
the responsibility of senior management to lead by example 
and to ensure that all Kendrion employees are aware of and 
behave in accordance with the spirit and the letter of Kendrion’s 
policies and procedures. 
50Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 51:
Monitoring and accountability 
As we require all employees to understand and sign off on and 
comply with the Code of Conduct – the Code of Conduct is 
part of every employee’s onboarding process. To ensure 
continued awareness of the values underlying the Code of 
Conduct and the relevance of continued compliance – a new 
online training was introduced in the course of 2023. This online 
training specifically addressed matters such as corruption, 
bribery, conflicts of interest etc. 
We monitor compliance with the Code of Conduct – and other 
applicable internal policies – in all operating companies through 
quarterly internal reporting procedures that operating 
companies are subject to. Reports submitted are – to the 
extent required and appropriate – discussed among the 
Executive Board and the responsible Business Group Director 
and Business Group management team during quarterly 
business reviews. 
Speak-up line 
We encourage our employees who have a concern about a 
(suspected) violation of our Code of Conduct or any related 
policy – to speak up and express their concerns. Our Speak-up 
procedure provides guidance on how to raise concerns and the 
way in which reported concerns are handled. Our reporting 
procedure includes a global Speak-up line managed by an 
external party through which employees who feel 
uncomfortable raising their concerns with their direct manager, 
higher management, or their HR manager, can speak-up and 
raise their concerns anonymously. The Speak-up line offers 
phone and web-based reporting and is available to our 
employees twenty-four hours, seven days a week.                                        
                                                                                         
Reports of potential or suspected misconduct or other issues 
can be made by employees in their native language. In 2023, 7  
(2022: 6) reports were made through the Speak-up line.  
These reports were assessed by the Compliance Committee 
and, where appropriate, further investigated or advised upon. 
Violation of the Code of Conduct may lead to sanctions, 
including termination of employment. None of the reports made 
through the Speak-up line in 2023 resulted in a dismissal of 
employees. 
The Speak-up line is also accessible to external stakeholders  
of Kendrion that wish to make a report and raise their concerns 
about a(n) (alleged) breach of the Code of Conduct or related 
policies. The Speak-up procedure and the contact details of 
our Speak-up line are also published on our corporate website. 
Taxes
Our tax policy is based on the core values embedded in the 
Code of Conduct and aligned with our strategy and the notion 
of responsible business conduct. 
Taxable profits are recognized in jurisdictions in which value is 
created, in accordance with the applicable tax regulations and 
standards, including the OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises and local transfer-pricing and other applicable tax 
regulations. Kendrion does not seek to establish aggressive 
tax-driven structures that are not compliant with the letter and 
spirit of applicable tax regulations. This means that Kendrion 
does not pursue any aggressive tax planning or establishment 
of entities in tax haven jurisdictions solely for tax optimization 
purposes and without commercial substance. Reference is 
made to pages 83-87 (Corporate Governance Report) for more 
information about our tax policy.
51Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 52:
SDG 3 – Good health and well-being
Kendrion has strong HSE policies within its 
organization and each production plant 
implements tailored initiatives to further enhance 
their HSE standards depending on plant-specific needs, 
production lines and technologies. Through Kendrion’s 
Sustainable development goals
Kendrion aims to contribute to the advancement of several 
selected SDGs. 
Kendrion previously conducted a review of where it can best 
contribute to the advancement of SDGs. This involved careful 
consideration of all SDGs, while taking dialogues with 
stakeholders into account. The outcome of the materiality 
assessment performed in 2020, which also included a 
sustainability survey, required nor justified substantive 
amendments to Kendrion’s prior determination that SDGs 3 
(Good health and well-being), 12 (Responsible consumption 
and production) and 13 (Climate action) are areas where 
Kendrion can achieve the biggest and most positive impact. 
Kendrion will continue developing best practices and standards 
– and where appropriate qualitative and quantitative targets – 
that support the advancement of the selected SDGs.
 
Responsible Product Portfolio (which includes Products that 
Improve Health, Products that Reduce Climate Impact and 
Products that Keep you Safe), Kendrion contributes the 
advancement of healthier lives and improvement of well-being 
for all.
SDG 12 – Responsible consumption and 
production
In all its production processes, Kendrion is 
committed to minimizing waste and disposing of 
waste in an environmentally responsible manner. Kendrion’s 
largest production plants are ISO 14001 certified. As part of the 
ISO 14001 certification process, new waste reduction 
measures must be implemented every year. Through the 
implementation of a waste management hierarchy in 
harmonized waste management practices, Kendrion is 
committed to contributing to the advancement of sustainable 
production patterns.
SDG 13 – Climate action
Kendrion has established strategies and plans 
to increase energy efficiency, use renewable 
energy and reduce CO2 emissions. Concrete 
and measurable targets support these strategies and plans.  
To mitigate the effects of climate change, Kendrion focuses 
resources on the development of sustainable products and the 
improvement of manufacturing processes. Kendrion contributes 
to creating a sustainable future as many products in our 
product portfolio help meet the increasing demand for clean 
energy and facilitate the accelerating development of 
electrification of industrial processes.  
These key trends in electrification particularly drive the demand 
for Kendrion’s products in wind power, automated warehouses, 
and induction heating technology supporting the transition for 
certain oil and/or gas enabled industrial processes to electrical 
solutions. Kendrion’s smart actuation technology supports the 
transition to sustainable mobility (i.e. Autonomous, Connected, 
Electric and Shared driving). Kendrion’s largest production 
plants maintain energy management systems in accordance 
with ISO 50001. 
52Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 53:
Disclosures pursuant to the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation
The EU Taxonomy Regulation  provides a statutory framework 
pursuant to which sustainable economic activities are classified. 
The classification and earmarking of sustainable economic 
activities make a positive contribution towards increasing 
transparency and thereby comparability of the extent to which 
companies are pursuing sustainable economic activities within 
the meaning of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
Pursuant to the EU Taxonomy Regulation, Kendrion is subject 
to mandatory disclosures of its economic activities in terms of 
revenue, capital expenditures and operational expenditures, in 
each case to the extent these financial performance indicators 
are linked to eligible and aligned economic activities within the 
meaning of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated 
Acts issued thereunder. 
An economic activity is considered eligible under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation if such activity is in scope of the 
Delegated Acts to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and considered 
likely to substantially contribute to one of the six environmental 
objectives, i.e. (i) climate change mitigation; (ii) climate change 
adaptation; (iii) sustainable use and protection of water and 
marine resources; (iv) transition to a circular economy;  
(v) pollution prevention and control; and (vi) protection and 
restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. Whether an 
economic activity taxonomy eligible or not does not define  
the (un)sustainability of that activity. Being taxonomy eligible  
is exclusively an indication that a certain economic activity is 
considered to make a substantial contribution to one of the six 
environmental objectives defined under the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation. 
Taxonomy alignment of an economic activity goes beyond 
eligibility. Taxonomy aligned means that an economic activity 
complies with the requirements enumerated specifically for this 
activity – as the economic activity:
 ■ substantially contributes to one or more of the 
environmental objectives under the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation by meeting the relevant technical screening 
criteria under the applicable Delegated Acts to the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation;
 ■ does not cause any significant harm to the other 
environmental objectives, by meeting the applicable  
‘Do no Significant Harm’ criteria under the Delegated Acts 
to the EU Taxonomy Regulation;
 ■ is carried out in compliance with the minimum safeguards. 
Only when an economic activity is compliant with the 
abovementioned conditions, criteria, and the relevant minimum 
safeguards is the activity considered to be taxonomy aligned. 
Eligible activities 
We carried out an analysis of our activities to identify activities 
that correspond to the activities included in the taxonomy 
Delegated Acts. The assessment and determination of 
Kendrion’s taxonomy eligible activities is based on current 
insights and best judgement in the absence of certain data that 
is not yet in full obtainable through existing reporting systems. 
Although significant progress has been made during the year 
under review, certain additional changes to our reporting 
systems and data collection processes are needed to further 
improve our taxonomy data collection process and analysis. 
Our 2023 taxonomy assessment led to the identification of 
the following eligible activities.
Eligible activity Description
3.1 Manufacture of renewable 
energy technology
Electromagnetic brakes  
for wind power turbines
3.3 Manufacture of low carbon 
technologies for transport
Components and 
subsystems for electric 
vehicles
3.6 Manufacture of other low 
carbon technologies
Components and 
subsystems for induction 
heating
7.1 Construction of new 
buildings
Construction new China 
factory (28,000 m2) 
Consistent with current guidance, where taxonomy eligible 
economic activities could cover both the 'climate change 
mitigation' and the 'climate change adaptation' environmental 
objective, economic activities have been allocated to the EU 
taxonomy environmental objective 'climate change mitigation' 
as the contribution to 'climate change adaptation' is considered 
less significant.
Electromagnetic brakes for wind power turbines
Kendrion has been active in the wind energy industry for years 
and is well-positioned to support manufacturers of wind 
turbines. Tens of thousands of Kendrion’s brakes are installed in 
wind parks worldwide and with factories in the EU, China, India 
and the US, Kendrion can provide locally customized, high-
quality brakes.  
Components and subsystems for electric vehicles
Supporting the change towards clean, electric mobility, with 
increased passenger comfort and safety is a strategic focus 
area of Kendrion. In Automotive E Kendrion focuses on 
actuators for sound, suspension, and sensor cleaning, three 
products specifically aimed at Autonomous, Connected, 
Electrified and Shared, or abbreviated ACES vehicles.  
53Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 54:
This includes subsystems and components for active 
suspension, Acoustic Vehicle Alerting Systems (AVAS) for 
electric vehicles, and a turnkey sensor cleaning solution.
Components and subsystems for induction heating 
Kendrion’s Industrial Actuators and Controls Business Group 
product portfolio includes modular, electrified heating systems 
to replace traditional heating solutions that use gas or oil. 
Construction 28,000 m2 high-tech factory in China 
Solar panels have been installed on our new 28,000 m2 high-
tech manufacturing facility in China. With these solar panels,  
we expect to generate approximately 650,000 KwH annually, 
which will enable us to cover around 30% to 40% of our 
estimated electricity requirements in China. For our remaining 
energy requirements in China that cannot be satisfied through 
our own solar panels, green energy is purchased. 
Assessment of alignment of activities 
We carried out an assessment of the technical screening 
criteria for identified eligible activities based on an analysis of 
the relevant product propositions. The assessment involved 
Kendrion’s sustainability expert task force as well as business 
controllers and managers from different function areas who are 
responsible for or are otherwise overseeing the development, 
manufacture, or sale of eligible product activities. To achieve EU 
Taxonomy alignment of economic activities, it is required to 
meet all of the applicable 'Do no Significant Harm' criteria under 
the Delegated Acts supporting the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
Absent full compliance with all of these criteria - the 
abovementioned identified eligible activities are not considered 
to be EU Taxonomy aligned.
Minimum safeguards
The minimum safeguards consist of criteria relating to human 
rights and responsible business conduct – particularly in the 
areas of anti-bribery and anti-corruption – fair competition  
and taxation. Kendrion respects the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights – as such principles are also 
recorded in various policies, including Kendrion’s Fair Labor  
and Human Rights Policy, Anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
Policy, tax policy, Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct 
and Competition Compliance Manual. Kendrion’s Compliance 
Committee evaluates and monitors implementation of and 
compliance with applicable procedures and policies. Kendrion 
is a member of the UN Global Compact and supports the Ten 
Principles of the UN Global Compact in each of the four areas: 
human rights, labor, environment, anti-corruption). The policies 
and procedures in place reflect the UN Global Compact 
principles and our membership to the UN Global Compact is  
a confirmation of our commitment and sustainability ambitions. 
While Kendrion has established policies to promote fair labor 
and human rights, the necessary measures to fully align with 
the minimum safeguards outlined at the beginning of this 
section have not been implemented as of yet.   
Human Rights 
Kendrion suppliers are required to adhere to Kendrion’s 
Supplier Code of Conduct – which includes the recognition  
of human rights. We have in place a supplier audit procedure 
pursuant to which compliance with Kendrion’s Supplier Code of 
Conduct is assessed. Our Fair Labor and Human Rights Policy 
contains global standards and principles endorsing fair labor 
practices and respect for human rights. 
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption
Kendrion takes a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and 
corruption. Our commitment to prevent corruption has been 
recorded in Kendrion’s Anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy 
as well as our Code of Conduct. In 2023 – an online anti-
bribery and anti-corruption training was rolled out. 
Taxation
Our sustainability commitments, our company values as 
embedded in the Code of Conduct and The Kendrion Way, also 
form the foundation of our approach to taxation. Kendrion’s tax 
policy is based on the values laid down in the Code of Conduct 
and aligned with Kendrion’s strategy and rationale underlying 
the value creation pillar Responsible Business Conduct, which 
is part of Kendrion’s current global sustainability program. 
Fair competition
We support the principle of free enterprise and unrestricted 
competition as a basis for conducting business and we  
adhere to the applicable competition laws and regulations.  
Our Competition Compliance Manual provides guidance and 
principles on fair competition. 
Kendrion’s Responsible Product Portfolio 
Aside from our efforts relevant to the requirements imposed 
pursuant to the EU Taxonomy Regulation, we continue our 
focus on the expansion of our Responsible Product Portfolio, 
which includes the category ‘Products that reduce climate 
impact’ – i.e. products that contribute to or otherwise support 
the energy transition. We systematically take account of the 
different aspects of sustainable product development with  
a view to enhancing Kendrion’s environmentally sustainable 
economic activities, whilst recognizing that we are part of an 
extensive chain of links that together comprise the supply chain 
of the industries in which we operate. 
54Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 55:
Our Responsible Product Portfolio also covers the categories: 
‘Products that keep you safe’ and ‘Products that improve 
health’. The product roadmaps of our Business Groups are 
directed at all three categories of the responsible product 
portfolio.  
Financial performance indicators 
The figures reported below relate to the consolidated 
companies included in Kendrion’s consolidated financial 
statements. 
Revenue 
As per 31 December 2023, the total revenue used for the 
calculation of the taxonomy revenue performance indicator 
amounts to EUR 518.5 million and corresponds to the group 
revenue as included in the consolidated financial statements. 
Our consolidated revenue can be reconciled to our 
consolidated financial statements, cf. income statement  
on page 115 of this Annual Integrated Report.
Kendrion’s taxonomy eligible revenue amounts to  
EUR 34.1 million representing close to 6.6% of total revenue  
for 2023 and corresponds to revenue generated by the 
manufacturing and sale of electromagnetic brakes for wind 
power turbines, components and subsystems for electric 
vehicles and components and subsystems for induction 
heating. As per the comprehensive assessment performed, the 
abovementioned products fall within the scope of the relevant 
Delegated Acts supplementing the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
Moreover, the technologies relevant to these products 
contribute to the reduction of CO2 emission. Various internal 
controls – including organizational data structuring - are in 
place with a view to avoid double counting in respect of the 
financial metrics disclosed under the EU Taxonomy Regulation.     
Although of the total 2023 revenue we cannot report  
taxonomy aligned revenue due to insufficiencies relevant  
to certain process steps – we would have expected that  
the 2023 revenue generated by the manufacturing and sale  
of electromagnetic brakes for wind power turbines would  
have qualified as taxonomy aligned revenue absent such 
insufficiencies relevant to certain process steps. 
Capital expenditures 
Total capital expenditure consists of all additions to tangible and 
intangible fixed assets during the financial year, before 
depreciation, amortization, and any other re-measurements. 
Additions resulting from business combinations are also 
included, except for goodwill. Our total capital expenditure can 
be reconciled to our consolidated financial statements, notes  
1 and 2 of the financial statements in this Annual Integrated 
Report. Taxonomy eligible capital expenditure includes capital 
expenditure directly related to the taxonomy eligible economic 
activities, including the construction of an energy efficient 
building in China. 
As per 31 December 2023, the total amount of capital 
expenditures used for the calculation of the taxonomy capital 
expenditure performance indicator amounts to  
EUR 30.7 million. 
As per 31 December 2023, taxonomy eligible capital 
expenditures amount to EUR 10.3 million and relate to 
investments in development and manufacture of components 
and subsystems for electric vehicles as well as investments 
relevant to the construction of the new manufacturing facility  
in China. The amount of taxonomy eligible capital expenditures 
does not qualify as taxonomy aligned. 
Operating expenditures
Total operational expenditures consist of direct non capitalized 
costs related to research and development, repair and 
maintenance and any other direct expenditure relating to  
the day-to-day servicing of assets of property, plant and 
equipment. This includes research and development 
expenditure recognized as an expense during the reporting 
period in our income statement, as referred to in note 23 of  
the financial statements in this Annual Integrated Report. 
Maintenance and repair and other direct expenditures relating 
to the day-to-day servicing of assets of property, plant and 
equipment were determined based on expenses that are 
recorded as repair and maintenance and housing costs, 
including in different line items as other operating expenses  
in note 23 of the financial statements in this Annual Integrated 
Report.
As per 31 December 2023, the total amount of operating 
expenditures used for the calculation of the taxonomy  
operating expenditures performance indicator amounts to  
EUR 34.8 million. 
As per 31 December 2023, taxonomy eligible operating 
expenditures amount to EUR 2.4 million and relate to costs 
relevant to development and manufacturing of components  
and subsystems for electric vehicles as well as costs relevant  
to the development and manufacturing of components and 
subsystems for inductive heating. The amount of taxonomy 
eligible operating expenditures does not qualify as taxonomy 
aligned.
55Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 56:
Year Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria
TURNOVER
Economic activities
A. Taxonomy Eligible activities                   
A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy aligned)                   
Manufacture of renewable energy technologies 3.1  -   0% Y Y N N N N N N Y N Y N N 0% Enabling
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport 3.3  -   0% Y Y N N N N N N N N N N N 0% Enabling
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies 3.6  -   0% Y Y N N N N N N N N N N N 0% Enabling
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities  
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1.)   -   0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% N N N N N N N 0%
Of which enabling   -   0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% N N N N N N N 0% Enabling
Of which transitional   -   0% 0% N N N N N N N 0%
A.2  Taxonomy Eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities, non-aligned Taxonomy activities                   
Manufacture of renewable energy technologies 3.1  13.1 2.5% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL        2.30%  
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport 3.3  17.9 3.5% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL        4.60%  
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies 3.6  3.1 0.6% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL        1.50%  
Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally 
sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)   34.1 6.6% 100% 100% 0% 0% 0% 0%        8.40%  
A. Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible activities Total A.1+ A.2   34.1 6.6% 100% 100% 0% 0% 0% 0%          
B. Taxonomy-non-eligible-activities    
Turnover of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities   484.4 93.4%
Total (A+B)   518.5 100%
Code
Turnover in mio €
Proportion of Turnover, year  2023
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaption
Water
Pollution
Circular Economy
Biodiversity
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaption
Water 
Pollution
Circular Economy
Biodiversity
Minimum safeguards
Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned (A.1.)  
or -eligible (A.2.) Turnover, year  2022
Category enabling activity
56Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 57:
Code
CapEx in mio €
Proportion of CapEx, year 2023
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaption
Water
Pollution
Circular Economy
Biodiversity
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaption
Water 
Pollution
Circular Economy
Biodiversity
Minimum safeguards
Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned (A.1.)  
or -eligible (A.2.) CapEx, year 2022
Category enabling activity
Year Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria
CAPEX
Economic activities
A. Taxonomy Eligible activities                   
A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy aligned)                   
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport 3.3  -   0% Y Y N N N N N N N N N N N 0% Enabling
Construction of new buildings 7.1  -   0% Y N N N N N N N Y N N N N 0% Enabling
CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities  
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1.)   -   0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% N N N N N N N 0%  
Of which enabling   -   0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% N N N N N N N 0% Enabling
Of which transitional   -   0% 0%      N N N N N N N 0%  
A.2  Taxonomy Eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities, non-aligned Taxonomy activities                   
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport 3.3  4.5 14.6% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL        13.8%  
Construction of new buildings 7.1  5.8 18.8% EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL        38.5%  
CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)   10.3 33.4% 100% 43,7% 0% 0% 0% 0%          
A. CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible activities Total A.1+ A.2   10.3 33.4% 100% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%        52.3%  
B. Taxonomy-non-eligible-activities    
CapEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities   20.5 66.6%
Total (A+B)   30.7 100%
 
SUSTAINABILITY
57Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 58:
Year Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria
OPEX
Economic activities
A. Taxonomy Eligible activities                   
A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy aligned)                   
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport 3.3  -   0% Y Y N N N N N N N N N N N 0% Enabling
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies 3.6 -   0% Y Y N N N N N N N N N N N 0% Enabling
OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities  
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1.)   -   0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% N N N N N N N 0%
Of which enabling   -   0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% N N N N N N N 0% Enabling
Of which transitional   -   0% 0%      N N N N N N N 0%  
A.2  Taxonomy Eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities, non-aligned Taxonomy activities                   
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport 3.3  1.8 5.1% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL         7.3%  
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies 3.6  0.6 1.7% EL EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL         1.8%  
OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)   2.4 6.8% 100% 100% 0% 0% 0% 0%         9.1%  
A. OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible activities Total A.1+ A.2   2.4 6.8% 100% 100% 0% 0% 0% 0%          
B. Taxonomy-non-eligible-activities    
OpEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities   33.6 93.2%
Total (A+B)   36.0 100%
Code
OpEx in mio €
Proportion of OpEx, year  2023
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaption
Water
Pollution
Circular Economy
Biodiversity
Climate change mitigation
Climate change adaption
Water 
Pollution
Circular Economy
Biodiversity
Minimum safeguards
Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned (A.1.)  
or -eligible (A.2.) OpEx, year  2022
Category enabling activity
58Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 59:
Reporting principles and external verification
Being transparent and accountable is fundamental to the way 
in which Kendrion operates. Our approach to reporting 
enhances discipline to our sustainability and responsible 
business practices. It ensures that we align our activities with 
our strategic objectives and business values. Our sustainability 
reporting shows whether our activities and initiatives meet our 
2019 to 2023 sustainability target framework. The scope of 
Kendrion’s non-financial reporting is based on the information 
requirements of our key stakeholder groups. To ensure  
that Kendrion meets the information requirements of its 
stakeholders, Kendrion performs materiality analyses at regular 
intervals. 
Kendrion adheres to a solid validation and reporting process 
supported by an appropriate control framework to safeguard 
the quality and accuracy of the collected non-financial data. 
Selected sustainability performance targets are subject to  
a limited assurance review by Deloitte Accountants B.V.  
Please refer to pages 202-204 of this Annual Integrated Report 
for reporting periods, definitions, scope, and limited assurance 
review.
Kendrion’s Executive Board expresses its continued support  
for the UN Global Compact and Kendrion’s ongoing 
commitment to the initiative. This Annual Integrated Report 
provides a description of actions that Kendrion has taken  
and the measures Kendrion intends to take to implement the 
Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact in each of the four 
areas (human rights, labor, environment, anti-corruption). 
SUSTAINABILITY
59Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 60:
Products that keep you safe • Products that keep you healthy • Products that reduce climate impact
Products that reduce climate impact
Environmentally sustainable economic activities
AUTOMOTIVE
ELECTRIC VEHICLES
Products that keep you healthy
INDUSTRIAL ACTUATORS 
AND CONTROLS
INDUCTIVE HEATING AND ENERGY DISTRIBUTION
Products that keep you safe
INDUSTRIAL BRAKES
WINDPOWER AND AUTOMATED WAREHOUSES
60Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY

Page 61:
Increase renewable energy Reduce emissions Sustainable sourcing Gender diversity Health and safety
Accelerating ambitions beyond 2023
Progressing on sustainability
61Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 62:
Stakeholders
Local communities
 
Kendrion is making a positive 
contribution to the reduction of social 
and economic gaps. Kendrion 
appreciates the importance of 
maintaining constructive and 
appropriate contacts with local 
communities and authorities.
Suppliers
Kendrion is consistently looking for 
ways to increase transparency in the 
supply chain and expects its suppliers 
to adhere to the standards of the 
Kendrion Supplier Code of Conduct and 
follows a consistent approach towards 
the performance of supplier audits to 
verify compliance. These efforts 
contribute to a continuous improvement 
in compliance with the Supplier Code of 
Conduct.
Customers
Kendrion’s customer base comprises 
industrial companies that use our 
components to manufacture a range of 
industrial applications as well as Tier 1 
suppliers and OEMs in the automotive 
sector. Kendrion’s customers are 
increasingly implementing sustainability 
requirements for their suppliers. 
Kendrion focuses on consistent 
compliance with these requirements.
Technical universities and 
institutions of higher 
technical education
Active engagement with students is key 
to understanding their views and 
observations on sustainability and forms 
a valuable platform for the exchange of 
knowledge and experiences. Dialogues 
with students are often inspirational and 
stimulate the formulation of innovative 
sustainability goals and ambitions, 
including our ambition to encourage 
young talented female students to take 
an interest in Science, Technology, 
Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) 
related studies. These dialogues also 
raise awareness among students about 
sustainability and its importance.
Employees
Our talented and highly skilled 
employees play a crucial role in the way 
in which Kendrion operates its business. 
Kendrion fosters a culture that 
empowers its employees to reach their 
full potential and to achieve the best 
results. As reflected in ‘The Kendrion 
Way’ and the Code of Conduct we 
create an open and inclusive culture  
to recruit, motivate and retain a highly 
diverse workforce that reflects the 
communities in which we operate.  
An engaged and committed workforce 
contributes to the achievement of 
Kendrion’s financial and non-financial 
targets.
Shareholders
The endorsement of sustainable 
development and addressing 
environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) related issues is becoming 
increasingly important for Kendrion’s 
shareholders. Kendrion engages with  
its major shareholders and financiers, 
not only concerning Kendrion’s global 
sustainability program and its material 
topics and objectives, but also with 
respect to the ESG policies and 
activities of its major shareholders and 
financiers. Kendrion provides adequate 
transparency towards its shareholders 
and financiers about climate change 
and reducing the negative impact of 
climate change and addressing other 
social issues, strategy and financial 
performance.
62Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 63:
Local communities
Communication resources and channels
Local meetings, Kendrion websites, open days 
Engagement with local communities takes place at regular intervals
Topics discussed
Communities’ participations and investments
Relevance to Kendrion’s global sustainability program
Community connection, involvement and participation
Suppliers
Communication resources and channels
Supplier Code of Conduct, supplier sustainability and quality audits, 
Kendrion websites, supplier and contract meetings 
Engagement with suppliers takes place at regular intervals
Topics discussed
Quality of products and services, Kendrion’s global sustainability 
program and objectives, management of supply chain risks (e.g. 
material shortages) and joint pursuit of improvements in the supply 
chain, responsible business conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct, 
waste, energy, water use, use of rare earth materials, conflict minerals
Relevance to Kendrion’s global sustainability program
Obtain views and observations concerning sustainability from the 
supplier’s perspective (incl. the improvement of transparency in the 
supply chain), further insight into supplier needs and expectations, 
sharing experiences and best practices, continuous improvement 
and development of sustainability contributions
Customers
Communication resources and channels
Customer and sales meetings, Kendrion websites, contract 
meetings, press releases 
Engagement with customers takes place at regular intervals
Topics discussed
Quality of products and services, Kendrion’s global sustainability 
program and objectives, customer satisfaction, waste, energy, water 
use, use of rare earth materials, conflict minerals, responsible 
business conduct, ISO and IATF certification 
Relevance to Kendrion’s global sustainability program
Obtain views and observations concerning sustainability from the 
customer’s perspective, further insight into customer needs and 
expectations, sharing experiences and best practices, continuous 
improvement, and development of sustainability contribution
Technical universities and 
institutions of higher technical 
education
Communication resources and channels
Presence at fairs, organization of student events, projects and 
internships engagement with universities, schools and institutes 
takes place at regular intervals
Topics discussed
Kendrion’s global sustainability program and objectives (incl. 
advancement of gender diversity), also with a view to creating 
awareness and stressing the importance and relevance of 
sustainability
Relevance to Kendrion’s global sustainability program
Obtain views and observations concerning sustainability of new 
generation and raise awareness
Employees
Communication resources and channels
Works Council meetings, meetings with employee representatives, 
employee satisfaction and culture surveys, workshops, training 
courses, intranet, internal personnel magazine, e-mail newsletters, 
feedback meetings, staff and townhall meetings  
Engagement with employees takes place on a daily basis
Topics discussed
Kendrion’s global sustainability program and objectives, particularly 
regarding health and safety, employability, training and development, 
employee satisfaction and company culture, responsible business 
conduct, compliance and ethical behavior
Relevance to Kendrion’s global sustainability program
Obtain views and observations concerning sustainability from the 
employee’s perspective, further insight into employees’ capabilities 
and motivations, strengthening business sustainability culture, 
enhancing employee commitment, participation, and awareness
Shareholders
Communication resources and channels
General Meeting of Shareholders, analyst and investor meetings, 
conferences, Capital Markets Day, press releases, Kendrion’s 
corporate website 
Engagement with shareholders takes place at least on a quarterly 
basis
Topics discussed
Kendrion’s global sustainability program and objectives
Relevance to Kendrion’s global sustainability program
Obtain views and observations concerning sustainability from the 
investor’s perspective (incl. climate change and reducing the 
negative impact of climate change and addressing other social 
issues), further insight into shareholders needs and expectations, 
sharing experiences and best practices, continuous improvement, 
and development of sustainability contributions
The table below describes the communication resources and channels per stakeholder and their relevance to Kendrion’s global sustainability program.
63Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 64:
Value creation model 
1  Normalized for costs and benefits outside the normal course of business. The bridge from reported to normalized figures can be found on pages 209-211.
Value creation model
 
Business output
Revenue
EBITDA1
 518.5 mln
53.1 mln
  9.9 mln
€
€
€
OUTPUT
Relative decrease of energy 
consumption compared 
to 2018
Relative decrease
of CO2  emissions
compared to 2018
23.0%
15.0%
Natural Capital
Number of CSR 
supplier audits 25
Responsible Business Conduct 
Accidents
7.7 accidents per 1,000 FTE
573 LTI (days)
Illness rate
4.7% 
Social and Human Capital
ENTERPRISE 
RISK
MANAGEMENT
GLOBAL
LEGAL
COMPLIANCE
AND
GOVERNANCE
FRAMEWORK
REDUCED
CLIMATE IMPACT
INCREASED SAFETY
AND MOBILITY
INCREASED
COMFORT
IMPROVED
HEALTH
OUTCOME
Total loans and borrowings
Net cash from operations
Shareholders equity
  36.4 mln
165.6 mln
172.0 mln
€
€
€
Financial capital
Power
Fuel oil
Natural gas
Copper
24,724,627 kWh
337,110 kWh
9,193,299 kWh
1,713 tons
Natural capital
Solutions and products
> 10,000
Manufactured capital
2,606
Human capital
FTEs
 
INPUT
Pro/f_it for 
the period 
STRATEGIC INTENT
AUTOMOTIVE
CHINA
INDUSTRIAL 
BRAKES
CHINA
ACTUATORS
AND
CONTROLS
CHINA
THE KENDRION WAY
ADDED VALUE
64Annual Integrated Report 2023
SUSTAINABILITY
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 65:
2,606
Total number of  
employees in FTEs
at 31 December  
(number FTE)
2022 2,753
1,379
Direct employees 
(number FTE)
2022 1,404
1,080
Indirect employees
(number FTE)
2022 1,135
147
Temporary 
employees
(number FTE)
2022 214
2,637
Total number of 
employees
at 31 December
2022 2,708
1,237
Women employed
(number)
2022 1,267
1,400
Men employed
(number)
2022 1,441
People & Culture
Please refer to the section ‘About the sustainability report’ on pages 212-214 of this Annual Integrated Report for reporting periods, definitions, scope and limited assurance review.
65Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 66:
411
Employees with
a fixed-term 
contract
(number)
2022 470
22
Overall employee
turnover rate
(%)
2022 22
44
Average age of
all employees
2022 42
12
Average number of 
years’ service
2022 10
4.7
Illness rate¹
(%)
2022 5.4
54.7
Wage costs per FTE
(EUR 1,000)
2022 53.0
0.4
Training costs
(as a % of wage 
costs)
2022 0.5
¹ Please refer to the section ‘About the sustainability report’ on pages 212-214 of this Annual Integrated Report for reporting periods, definitions, scope and limited assurance review.
66Annual Integrated Report 2023
PEOPLE & CULTURE
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 67:
Diverse and inclusive learning organisation
We maintain a culture and environment that empowers 
everyone to reach their full potential. Prioritising personal and 
professional growth encourages performance and enhances 
professional values, expertise, and capabilities. We encourage 
our people to translate their ideas into action, thereby 
increasing their engagement and performance within a safe  
and high-quality work environment. The ongoing development 
of the professional values, expertise and capabilities of our 
employees is critical to creating long-term, sustainable value  
for our customers and other stakeholders. We are committed 
to being the industry’s employer of choice, dedicated to 
supporting our people in being their best by enabling a culture 
built on diversity, inclusion, and learning. 
Our professional values 
Kendrion’s strategy for realizing long-term, sustainable value 
creation is symbolically captured in our strategic house that 
provides direction and uniformity within a clear structure. 
Creating long-term sustainable value with a lean and focused 
organization, and fostering a diverse, inclusive, safe, and  
high-quality work environment, is crucial to our strategy.  
The foundation of our strategic house is our culture. No building 
remains stable without a strong foundation, regardless of the 
strength of its building blocks. Our culture and its underlying 
values underpin all we do. The key values exemplifying our 
culture are articulated in The Kendrion Way: ‘A global team  
of actuator specialists, with courage to act, curiosity to learn 
from successes and mistakes, confidence to share, and  
open to feedback’. The Kendrion Way offers our employees 
clear guidance on ‘’how we do things” at our company, 
irrespective of location, level of responsibility or functional role. 
The Kendrion Way provides a universal approach towards 
realizing our ambitions and serves as the foundation upon 
which we are building Kendrion’s future. 
We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of 
conduct in all our business activities. Our Code of Conduct  
is intended to further develop and implement our corporate 
norms and values, with a particular emphasis on ‘integrity’.  
The Code of Conduct sets guidance for our business decisions. 
It provides principles of ethical business behavior and is integral 
to our culture. Containing clear and universal standards,  
The Code of Conduct establishes expected behaviors for all 
employees, contributing to the creation of a safe and respectful 
environment for everyone. We are dedicated to maintaining a 
positive, diverse, and inclusive work environment, and do not 
tolerate any form of discrimination, harassment, or misconduct. 
We are committed to conducting our business in a transparent 
and responsible manner and will continue to review and update 
our Code of Conduct to ensure that our norms and values 
remain relevant and effective. The Code of Conduct can be 
found on the corporate website at www.kendrion.com.
Increasing awareness, education, training, and providing 
concrete examples of expected behaviors, dilemmas and 
actions are key to promoting and preserving our culture. With 
the support of dedicated value teams, managers are entrusted 
with enhancing awareness and assisting their team members in 
their value journey.  and to help them understand what each 
value means for themselves, their team, and the organization.  
People and culture 
A mix of interactive trainings is available to help our employees 
internalize and embody the values outlined in The Kendrion 
Way and the Code of Conduct. 
Employee value proposition and engagement
Our workforce is crucial to the successful execution of our 
strategy. 
Employee value proposition
We foster a purpose-driven and professional environment, 
where people are recognised for a job well done and are fairly 
and competitively remunerated in line with personal and 
company performance. In an increasingly competitive talent 
market, our employee value proposition is crucial to retaining 
and attracting talent that supports the successful execution  
of our strategy. We consistently invest in talent attraction  
and employer brand strategies to recruit new talent.  
Our comprehensive recruitment strategy involves targeted 
advertising, networking events, and partnerships with technical 
universities and higher technical education institutions. In our 
recruitment strategy, we take a global approach. 
Digital innovation contributed to the execution of several 
targeted marketing campaigns across various social media 
platforms. This global approach and marketing campaigns have 
enabled us to reach broader talent pools. Our recruitment team 
has also created a positive candidate experience, with positive 
responses. On our career website, candidates can find 
information about vacancies worldwide and the countries in 
which we operate. 
67Annual Integrated Report 2023
PEOPLE & CULTURE
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 68:
Attracting and selecting young, early-career professionals  
is particularly important. In addition to maintaining good 
relationships with technical universities and higher technical 
education institutions, our offices are situated at attractive and 
inspiring locations such as the High Tech Campus in 
Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and the renowned Suzhou 
Industrial Park (SIP) in China. Career-advancing development 
opportunities, international exchange programs, workstyle 
flexibility, and a positive, engaging, and inclusive company 
culture are key elements of our employee value proposition. 
Our efforts have led to a reduction in employee turnover and  
an improvement in employee satisfaction. 
In a historically male-dominated industry, we strive to 
encourage and attract talented females, including early-career 
professionals, through our renowned apprenticeship and 
trainee program. We have established an informal partnership 
with the Hochschule Furtwangen University (HFU) in Germany, 
providing guest lectures on managing diversity within our 
organization as part of the Intercultural Management module 
offered by the HFU. Through our active engagement with 
students and the exchange of experiences and perspectives, 
we seek to encourage and inspire students to pursue a STEM 
(Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) career path, 
contributing to our ambition of attracting talent to our industry.
Employee engagement  
Being recognized as a safe, inspiring, and high-quality place  
to work requires active engagement with our employees.  
This is becoming ever more important in a market where it is 
challenging to attract talent, more specifically specialists in 
areas such as software and electronics, and where the ways of 
working have changed over the past years. Understanding our 
employees’ expectations in this changing work environment is 
key as it impacts the way in which we execute our strategy and 
engage with our customers, suppliers, and other business 
relations. We facilitate flexible workstyles that contribute to the 
performance and job satisfaction of our employees. In addition 
to enabling workstyle flexibility, including remote and hybrid 
models, we continue to provide a safe space for collaboration 
and the exchange of expertise within our offices. Striking a 
healthy balance between flexible workstyles and ensuring the 
availability of safe workplaces, where diverse individuals feel 
inspired and can excel, remains crucial for the wellbeing of our 
employees. 
We offer our employees the opportunity to work on meaningful 
tasks and innovative projects. Another essential component of 
our efforts to maintain an engaged and committed workforce 
involves offering a wide range of measures and tools aimed at 
cultivating a healthy, safe, and sustainable workplace culture. 
This includes annual ‘Health Days’, medical check-ups, sports 
opportunities, and other events. Maintaining a healthy work-life 
balance is important to sustaining employee satisfaction and 
engagement. We enable employees to balance their personal 
lives with our dynamic, purpose-driven, and performance-
oriented work environment. 
Beyond physical health, we recognize the significance of 
prioritizing our employees’ mental well-being. At select 
locations employees have the option to consult with a 
psychologist at their request. Increasing mental health 
awareness and showing respect and acceptance contributes  
to removing potential barriers for employees to seek help when 
struggling with mental health issues. Good physical and mental 
health creates a more resilient workforce and enhances 
employee well-being. 
Being recognized as a safe, inspiring, and high-quality place to work requires active engagement with our employees.
68Annual Integrated Report 2023
PEOPLE & CULTURE
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 69:
We assess our progress in maintaining and building a safe  
and inclusive workplace through regular employee satisfaction 
and culture surveys. Monitoring the results enables us to better 
understand developments and requirements to uphold our 
positive, engaging, and inclusive company culture. Our most 
recent survey took place in 2022 and we anticipate preparing  
a subsequent employee survey in 2024. The outcomes of  
the 2022 survey revealed, among other insights, that our 
employees feel a strong connection with Kendrion as an 
employer and that they feel valued and appreciated. 
Specifically, satisfaction regarding recognition and opportunities 
for growth and development were positive. Moreover, the 
survey affirmed our employees’ capacity and willingness to 
thrive in times of change, going the extra mile to contribute to 
Kendrion’s success. Immediate managers play a crucial role in 
fostering a positive employee experience. At the same time, 
employees have requested more support and communication 
concerning changes affecting the organization or their work. 
We are committed to prioritizing employee engagement and  
are confident that this will result in increased productivity, job 
quality, and overall success in executing our strategy Employee 
Achieving social change for female employees, particularly  
in the workforce, remains a topical theme. Strengthening our 
holistic approach across these well-being pillars, we have 
established The Circle of Trust, providing female Kendrion 
employees access to a trusted network and a confidential 
support line. The primary objective of The Circle of Trust is to 
foster a safe and ethical working environment and promoting 
female empowerment and well-being. Through our trusted 
network and confidential support line of The Circle of Trust,  
we create a sense of community, contributing to social 
progress for female employees. The Kendrion Way, our Code  
of Conduct and Speak-Up Procedure clearly define our values 
and commitments, and the process for reporting concerns.  
An official record of our norms and values, and a confidential 
reporting procedure remain critical. However, The Circle of  
Trust serves as an informal space where female employees  
feel comfortable sharing their experiences and concerns within  
a trusted group. Special expert sessions are held annually, 
focusing on specific themes such as self-awareness and 
visibility of women within the organization. Through our Circle  
of Trust, we actively contribute to the ongoing advancement  
of social change for female employees. 
Opportunity to learn and grow
By providing career-enhancing development opportunities  
for our employees, we facilitate their growth and progression 
within their roles. Investing in our employees is essential for 
creating long-term and sustainable value. We provide our 
employees with the tools, resources, and opportunities to 
enhance their capabilities and skills, allowing them to achieve 
their career goals. 
We have implemented a variety of initiatives to enable career 
development within Kendrion and offer a broad spectrum of 
learning and development tools and opportunities. Cultivating  
a culture of trust and recognition as outlined in The Kendrion 
Way and our Code of Conduct is an important contributor.  
Our ‘Learn and Share’ value team, part of The Kendrion Way, 
oversees several learning and development programs designed 
to advance relevant skill sets and leadership capabilities. We 
leverage learning and development tools to accelerate and 
strengthen our capabilities in critical areas for the successful 
execution of our sustainable growth strategy, ranging from 
personal strengths to inspirational leadership, health, and social 
and emotional well-being. 
Our focus remains on maintaining a culture where employees 
feel supported and empowered to take charge of their own 
career development. The role and responsibility of our 
leadership are key in creating and maintaining an inspiring 
learning environment that stimulates innovation and 
development. Emphasizing personal leadership, building 
internal knowledge networks, and fostering innovation and 
agility are integral values in our management programs and 
development initiatives.
We respect the principle of equal opportunities for career 
development, irrespective of background, nationality, ethnicity, 
religion, age, or gender. To maximize the potential of our 
employees and to meet their developmental needs, we support 
the principle of internal mobility, striving to fill vacancies with 
qualified internal candidates. Internal moves are viewed as 
beneficial to our people, offering new and challenging 
opportunities and experiences, while retaining valuable 
knowledge within the organization. 
69Annual Integrated Report 2023
PEOPLE & CULTURE
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 70:
Our culture, which encourages the sharing of ideas, knowledge, 
expertise, and on-the-job training, positively contributes to  
the development of our employees. 
We encourage internal promotion and the advancement  
of young talent to management roles in our business.  
The Kendrion High Potential program serves as our global 
learning and development program, offering aspiring young 
talents with managerial potential access to diverse learning 
modules.  The High Potential program offers development 
opportunities that are aligned with business and individual 
needs including strengthening personal competencies. 
Additional modules, e.g. sustainability, diversity and inclusion 
and strategy, are added as deemed appropriate.
Our efforts have resulted in an engaged and motivated 
workforce. We are proud of our culture; employees are 
assessed and valued on their merits and have the confidence 
to take on new roles and responsibilities that align with their 
expectations, talents, and ambitions. We remain committed  
to continuing our efforts, ensuring that our employees continue 
to receive the tools and resources they need to realize their full 
potential.
Succession management 
We have implemented a comprehensive succession 
management plan. This plan includes identifying successors  
for critical positions and the monitoring of their development  
to ensure they are ready for leadership roles at the right time. 
Training and development programs are also strategically 
designed to equip our talented employees for future leadership 
roles in the future. Our efforts help us reinforce a healthy 
leadership pipeline and accelerate the development and growth 
of top talent.
Our talent management and succession-planning tool identifies 
and facilitates the monitoring and review of our employees.  
More specifically, the tool enables a structured development  
of our employees, including current and potential leaders who 
have the talent and potential to take on a new role in the future. 
The tool also helps us conduct performance reviews, offering 
clear and structured insights into employee development.  
The tool incorporates a competency framework that defines 
how we expect our employees to fulfil the tasks and 
responsibilities in line with their job role. Together with the skills 
required for a certain job role, the competency framework 
forms the basis of our performance reviews and determines the 
requirements for future positions. The competency framework 
is updated as appropriate to increase effectiveness and 
improve the performance review process. It helps our 
managers and employees to better determine career paths and 
the corresponding training and development needs. With our 
talent management and succession-planning tool we create an 
environment for our employees to grow, perform and succeed 
in their careers.
Compensation and benefits
We provide compensation and benefits schemes that align with 
industry standards and local practices, aiming to attract and 
retain the most diverse talent around the globe in a fair and 
responsible manner. We do not offer remuneration packages 
below the applicable minimum-wage standards. Our 
compensation and benefits schemes are designed to create 
transparency and fairness in the structure of both fixed and 
variable remuneration, while offering a competitive package 
with appropriate upside potential linked to performance.  
Our compensation schemes include performance-based 
compensation and share-based compensation for eligible 
employees. These programs aim to ensure fair and attractive 
compensation. As such, our compensation scheme is designed 
to incentivize achieving sustainable strategic, operational, and 
financial objectives in the short-term and long-term. 
Building a diverse and inclusive workplace 
Diversity is crucial for creating a fair and inclusive society.  
It promotes equal opportunities and helps break down barriers 
of prejudice and unconscious bias. We provide an environment 
where all employees have equal opportunity to develop and 
contribute to the realization of our strategy, regardless of their 
age, background, gender, nationality, ethnicity, religion or any 
other (protected) characteristic. Diverse and inclusive teams 
make our organization more agile, creative, and innovative. 
Enabling a diverse and inclusive workforce – in terms of gender, 
nationality, and background (i.e. education, (work) experience), 
age, etc. – gives us access to a larger talent pool. 
Having the right mix of people in the right jobs, with the right 
capabilities, encourages better decision-making and helps us 
grow our business. 
EMPLOYEE LIFECYCLE
DIVERSITY MATTERS
RECRUITMENT
counteract 
existing barriers
RETENTION
reward, 
recognition 
& beneﬁts 
ADVANCEMENT 
INTO 
MANAGEMENT
ROLES
it drives performance & innovative results
INTENT ALIGNED WITH ACTION
Management awareness, commitment and behaviour 
70Annual Integrated Report 2023
PEOPLE & CULTURE
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 71:
As part of the Social Capital and Human Capital value creation 
pillar of our global sustainability program, we are committed to 
creating and maintaining a diverse and inclusive workforce 
where all employees feel welcome and respected. We actively 
promote diversity across the employee lifecycle, leveraging this 
framework to address these aspects and the complexity 
around (gender) diversity, especially in a company like Kendrion 
where the demand for technical and Science, Technology, 
Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) skills is high. 
Leadership support and shared responsibility form the 
backbone of our approach, guiding us in establishing a truly 
diverse and inclusive workplace. Key priorities within our 
strategic diversity framework include: 
 ■ Recruitment of diverse employees: Ensuring that our 
recruitment process is unbiased, signaling our interest in  
a diverse candidate pool; supporting applications from  
a diverse group; and clearly communicating these 
expectations to our recruitment teams.
 ■ Developing and maintaining a robust pipeline  
of diverse talent.
 ■ Retention and promotion of talents with diverse 
backgrounds, nationalities, and genders: Covering 
various aspects such as reward, recognition, benefits,  
work allocation, performance management, and career 
development.
 ■ Advancement into management roles: Preserving an 
environment that fosters the growth of a diverse group of 
talents into management, technical, and other leadership 
roles. 
While our overarching focus embraces diversity in its broadest 
sense, our strategic approach is directed at the improvement of 
gender balance in management roles, technical roles, and other 
leadership positions. Through building engagement around 
gender equality among managers and other (senior) employees, 
Several proactive measures have been initiated to promote 
diversity and elevate the representation of female employees in 
our Business Groups. These include introducing changes to our 
recruitment process, sourcing candidates from diverse pools, 
conducting unconscious bias training sessions, and 
establishing a so-called employee resource group, such as  
The Circle of Trust. Consistently addressing challenges faced 
by female employees has significantly contributed to improving 
our overall workplace culture. 
Kendrion is a proud signatory of the German Charta der Vielfalt 
(Diversity Charter). Supported by the German Commissioner  
of the Federal Government for Migration, Refugees and 
Integration, the charter promotes the recognition, appreciation, 
and integration of diversity in business culture. 
implementing concrete actions and initiatives, and providing 
insights into possible barriers, we aim to increase sustainable 
gender diversity across the organization. 
Specific numerical gender diversity targets will be incorporated 
into our new sustainability program for the period 2024-2028. 
The identified gender diversity targets will involve an 
improvement requirement of female FTE for our indirect staff 
within our Business Groups of 25% combined with a minimum 
threshold requirement of 33%, to be achieved over multiple 
years. Further qualifications and conditions relevant to the 
introduction of these numerical gender diversity targets will  
be laid down in our 2024-2028 sustainability program that we 
anticipate launching in the course of 2024.
Diverse and inclusive teams make our 
organization more agile, creative, and 
innovative. Having the right mix of people  
in the right jobs, with the right capabilities, 
encourages better decision-making and  
helps us grow our business.
71Annual Integrated Report 2023
PEOPLE & CULTURE
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsContents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 72:
Kendrion’s workforce comprises 49 nationalities (2022: 47) 
across 9 countries (2022: 9) Furthermore, 46% of our 
workforce is female (2022: 47%), reflecting a healthy balance  
of backgrounds, nationalities, and gender throughout the 
organization. 
Fair labor practices and human rights 
Respecting human rights is fundamental to a sustainable 
society and an essential component of promoting sustainable 
business practices throughout our organization and interactions 
with customers, suppliers, and other business partners.  
We recognize and support the human rights outlined in  
the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact.  
We acknowledge and respect children’s rights to education  
and development, and the applicable minimum employment 
age and related conditions consistent with applicable statutory 
requirements. Kendrion does not tolerate any form of forced  
or involuntary labor and endeavors to apply the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights. Our commitment  
to endorse fair labor practices and to respect human rights is 
recorded in our Fair Labor and Human Rights Policy. Our Fair 
Labor and Human Rights Policy contains global standards and 
principles applicable across all Kendrion business operations. 
Our Fair Labor and Human Rights Policy can be found on the 
corporate website at www.kendrion.com. No material human 
rights or labor issues were raised in relation to our activities in 
2023. 
We require our suppliers to recognize human rights and to 
ensure that they are not engaged in any violations or abuses. 
Suppliers must confirm their compliance with the sustainable 
sourcing standards, including the recognition of human rights, 
by signing our Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Internal audit procedures are in place to assess suppliers’ 
adherence to the Supplier Code of Conduct. For detailed 
information about our Supplier Code of Conduct and the 
corresponding internal audit procedures, reference is made  
to page 50 of this Annual Integrated Report. Our Supplier  
Code of Conduct can be found on the corporate website  
at www.kendrion.com. 
Employee representation
Fair labor practices and human rights are essential for ensuring 
that our employees are treated respectfully. This encompasses 
the provision of fair wages, a safe working environment and 
protection against discrimination and harassment. It also means 
allowing employees to form unions and engage in collective 
bargaining. Kendrion upholds freedom of association and the 
right to collective bargaining. Works councils and employee 
representatives have been appointed at Kendrion’s major 
operating companies in Germany as well as Kendrion’s 
operating companies in the Netherlands, Romania and Austria. 
These works councils and employee representatives are 
involved in a wide range of employment, health & safety, and 
social issues, in accordance with local labor legislation. Regular 
meetings and consistent communication provide employees 
with opportunities to raise questions and contribute valuable 
input. We believe that constructive interaction with our works 
councils and employee representatives fosters a more engaged 
and satisfied workforce, leading to improved productivity and 
morale. We appreciate the efforts of our dedicated works 
councils and employee representatives in voicing and 
addressing the needs and questions of our employees. 
Approximately 64.4% (2022: 67.4%) of all Kendrion employees 
are represented by these works councils and employee 
representatives. Moreover, approximately 70.2% (2022: 62.4%) 
of employment contracts in Germany are governed by or follow 
the collective bargaining agreements for the metal industry. 
72Annual Integrated Report 2023
PEOPLE & CULTURE
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 73:
Outlook 
Reflecting on 2023, the year presented a mixed economic and 
geopolitical landscape. On a positive note, the energy crisis in 
2022, stemming from the Russian invasion of Ukraine on  
24 February of that year, subsided, thanks to the EU’s 
successful reduction of dependency on Russian natural gas. 
This, in combination with decisive action by major central banks 
including the FED and ECB, contributed to a gradual decline in 
inflation throughout the year. However, challenges persisted as 
the global economy, initially slowing in the first half of 2023, 
faced further declines in the second half. The ongoing war in 
Ukraine slowed no signs of resolution, and on 7 October of  
this year, the conflict between Hamas and Israel added further 
geopolitical complexity. Regionally, the EU grappled with  
a potential recession throughout the year, with Germany, 
representing around 40% of the Group’s revenue, experiencing 
economic difficulties beyond the EU average. Fortunately, the 
US fared slightly better despite continued political uncertainty 
and a significant UAW strike impacting the US automotive 
market. In China, the anticipated COVID rebound, following  
the relaxation of strict lock-down rules early in 2023, did not 
materialize. China grew its GDP with a modest 4% year-over-
year in 2023. Exports fell short of expectations, and a recovery 
is not expected in the near term.
Kendrion develops and manufactures actuator products 
contributing to the global shift towards electrification and clean 
energy. 
Our balanced, diverse product portfolio supports this transition, 
without excessive reliance on any specific vertical or market 
segment. 
Our products include brakes for wind power, robotics, 
automated warehouses, sound actuators, suspension and 
sensor cleaning products for electrical vehicles; and induction 
heating technology that facilitates the transition from  
oil and gas to electrical solutions in industrial applications.  
This commitment to electrification has guided our product 
development decisions across all Business Groups, including 
operations in China, for the past few years and will remain a key 
focus moving forward.
The emphasis on energy transition continues to guide 
Kendrion’s operational and strategic decisions. 
Enabling the shift towards clean energy
The emphasis on energy transition continues to guide Kendrion’s 
operational and strategic decisions. 
To further increase our focus on electrified vehicles, we have 
split our automotive franchise into two distinct units: 
Automotive Core and Automotive E. 
The widespread adoption of Autonomous, Connected, Electric, 
and Shared (ACES) vehicles, in combination with the ongoing 
pursuit of enhanced safety and comfort, presents substantial 
growth opportunities for both the automotive industry and 
Kendrion. Automotive E is fully dedicated to these 
opportunities. Our innovative product platforms encompass 
systems and components for active suspension, Acoustic 
Vehicle Alerting Systems (AVAS) for electric vehicles, and smart 
actuation, including a turnkey sensor cleaning solution. 
Automotive Core is responsible for Kendrion’s automotive 
business related to combustion engines, emphasizing 
operational excellence, lean production, cost efficiency, 
profitability, and cashflow.
73Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsOutlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive BoardContents Profile Strategy

Page 74:
The acquisition of INTORQ in 2020 significantly strengthened 
our position in the industrial brakes market. Given that our 
industrial brakes are sold in tandem with an electromotor, the 
accelerating energy transition towards electrification opens up 
substantial opportunities in a flourishing market. In 2023, the 
brake market experienced a setback due to higher interest 
rates and a slowdown in China, resulting in reduced demand 
for industrial goods like robots, wind power and industrial 
automation. 
The acquisition of Dutch electronics and embedded systems 
developer 3T in September 2021 holds significant growth 
potential for our Industrial business. 3T’s expertise seamlessly 
aligns with the control technology activities of our Industrial 
Actuators and Controls (IAC) Business Group. This acquisition 
also reinforces our software and electronics development 
capabilities, benefiting not only our Automotive Group but 
specifically the Automotive E organization, where software  
and electronics play a substantial role in our products for  
sound actuation and sensor cleaning. Throughout 2023, 3T 
experienced substantial growth, albeit constrained by our  
ability to hire more software and electronics engineers. 
To accommodate our expanding project pipeline and the 
associated growth in China, we successfully completed the 
28,000 m2 manufacturing facility at Suzhou’s Industrial Park,  
an esteemed location for technology and advanced 
manufacturing companies. The facility officially opened on  
24 May 2023, and by August 2023, all product lines from  
our previous facilities in Suzhou and Shanghai were fully 
operational.
Entering 2024, the broad disruption of the automotive industry 
continues. We anticipate reaping the benefits from six 
Automotive E projects ramping up in China. With an additional 
EUR 230.0 million in lifetime revenue added to our Automotive 
E project portfolio, we have established a robust foundation for 
further future growth. In Industrial Brakes, we expect the market 
for brakes to stabilize at the level observed in the second half of 
2023. Over the long term, the market for industrial brakes is 
poised to gain from the global push towards electrification, 
driving demand for our products in wind power, robotics & 
automation, forklift trucks, AGVs and more. With leading 
positions in all these segments, we foresee substantial gains 
from underlying growth trends. IAC will continue to focus on 
strong cash generation and on actively targeting opportunities 
in segments such as inductive heating for industrial processes, 
energy distribution, control technology, nuclear power, and 
industrial locks. To facilitate more growth for 3T, IAC will open a 
satellite office in Drachten, a city in the north of the Netherlands, 
close to two higher education institutions for software and 
electronics engineers. In China, our new manufacturing facility 
The global acceleration towards electrification and clean 
energy is expected to persist, presenting opportunities  
in the years ahead. 
is geared to accommodate the expansive project pipeline, 
including the initiation of the six new Automotive E projects. 
These projects are expected to contribute to Kendrion China’s 
growth over the year.
The economic outlook for 2024 remains uncertain. The ongoing 
war in Ukraine has led many economists to predict a recession 
in Europe, and possibly the US. China is grappling with 
deflation and is expected to grow only modestly in 2024.  
In short, the outlook for 2024 remains subdued and unclear. 
Therefore, we expect the market unpredictability observed in 
2023 to persist in 2024. The global acceleration towards 
electrification and clean energy is expected to persist, 
presenting opportunities in the years ahead. Provided the world 
returns to a more stable economic environment in the course  
of 2024, we remain committed to executing on our strategic 
plans, aimed at achieving our medium-term financial targets: 
5% organic growth between 2019 and 2025, an EBITDA of  
at least 15% in 2025 and a ROI of at least 25% in 2025.
74Annual Integrated Report 2023
OUTLOOK 
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsOutlook

Page 75:
Effective risk management 
Effective risk management is key to executing Kendrion’s 
strategy, achieving long-term value for Kendrion’s stakeholders, 
protecting the company’s reputation and good corporate 
governance. Kendrion promotes entrepreneurship and 
empowers management to exercise their discretionary powers 
as appropriate. Kendrion’s risk management is not intended to 
eliminate all risks since exposure to risk is unavoidable in doing 
business. Kendrion actively conveys the need to maintain  
a healthy balance between entrepreneurial spirit and risk 
awareness. We adopt an approach to business risks that is 
consistent with our risk appetite and that minimizes the 
probability of adverse events and the impact of such events, 
while remaining competitive in an ever-developing business 
environment. The Executive Board emphasizes that risk 
management and control systems can neither offer an absolute 
guarantee that the company’s objectives will be achieved nor 
entirely prevent material errors, loss, fraud, or violations of laws 
or regulations.
Risk management framework
Risk management is integrated in Kendrion’s business 
practices and extends to all areas such as culture, 
policymaking, processes, duties, influencing conduct and all 
other aspects of doing business. Kendrion’s approach to risk 
management is part of its control environment and consists of 
two main complementary elements: a top-down strategic view 
of risk at the enterprise level and a bottom-up view of risk at  
the operational level. The approach to risk management 
interacts with all relevant elements in the control environment, 
both on the enterprise as well as on the operational level.  
With this consistent approach, Kendrion’s risk management 
and control framework fosters a culture of risk awareness 
Risk management
across the organization by identifying risks in a systematized 
manner and defining appropriate controls aimed at the 
mitigation and management of these risks in line with 
Kendrion’s risk appetite. 
The Executive Board is responsible for maintaining a 
comprehensive risk management and internal control system 
aligned with the risks associated with Kendrion’s strategy  
and activities, and for regularly reviewing and supervising its 
effectiveness. In addition to maintaining a risk management  
and internal control system, the Executive Board is responsible 
for ensuring that such system is embedded in Kendrion’s 
business practices. 
Kendrion’s risk management function, headed by the Internal 
Audit and Risk Manager, provides guidance and support to  
the Executive Board. This includes driving risk awareness 
across the Kendrion organization and leading reviews of 
operational processes and effectiveness of the risk 
management and control system. 
CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Annual corporate 
risk management 
cycle
Code of conduct
Speak-up procedure
Corporate policies
Internal audit
Identify
Assess
M
onitor
Mitigate
Local entity 
risk management 
process
OPERATIONAL 
LEVEL Periodic business reviews
Planning & Control cycle
Local policies and procedures
Identify
Assess
M
onitor
Mitigate
Identify
Assess
M
onitor
Mitigate
ENTERPRISE
LEVEL
Project risk 
management 
process Certi/f_icates
Quarterly
reporting
Risk
owners
Corporate
top 10
75Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 76:
The Executive Board conducts an annual risk assessment  
and considers if adjustments to the risk management and 
internal control system are required, as conditions and market 
circumstances change. The risk assessment includes a section 
specifically focused on fraud risks that are relevant for 
Kendrion. The result of the annual risk assessment is discussed 
within Kendrion’s Management Team and shared and 
discussed with the Supervisory Board. To strengthen risk 
management and oversight, risk owners are assigned to the 
top-10 risks identified, and each risk owner is responsible for 
preparing and updating mitigation plans. On a quarterly basis, 
risk owners report to the Executive Board on mitigation 
progress and risk development. This report is also shared and 
discussed with the Audit Committee.
At the operational level, Kendrion’s plants hold internationally 
recognized certifications designed to assess and improve their 
processes. They have a responsibility to put internal controls 
and procedures in place and to verify their effectiveness by 
testing them at regular intervals. Local management is 
expected to be fully aware of the operational risks and  
the necessity of internal controls and procedures. 
Risk appetite
Kendrion’s risk management framework balances risk and 
opportunity and unambiguously describes the Executive 
Board’s appetite for risk. The Executive Board and the 
Management Team periodically review and discuss Kendrion’s 
approach to risk management, as Kendrion’s risk appetite  
may change over time reflecting developments in society, 
geopolitics, the competitive and customer landscape as well  
as changes within Kendrion.
RISK AREA RISK APPETITE TARGET
Risk averse Risk taking
Strategic
Operational
Financial & reportin g
Compliance
Entrepreneurial
Innovative
Punctual
Sincere
Kendrion’s risk appetite provides an indicative bandwidth that 
guides the organization during its decision-making process. 
This bandwidth is defined for each of the following risk areas; 
Strategic, Operational, Financial & Financial reporting and (Tax) 
Compliance. The width of the bandwidth and the position on 
the risk spectrum (from risk averse to risk taking) differs for 
each of the risk areas. The above visual shows that Kendrion  
is risk averse when it comes to compliance risk exposure, 
whereas the bandwidth for strategic risks is much broader  
and allows for a higher degree of risk-taking in pursuit of  
the strategic objectives. 
76Annual Integrated Report 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 77:
Risk overview
Risk area Risk name Risk description
Strategic Market disruption/decline and uncertainties related  
to the global political and economic conditions
Continued long-term recession in the automotive and/or industrial markets. Additionally, Inability to respond 
with agility to volatile economic and political conditions may lead to difficulties to manage business operations.
Unsuccessful long-term strategy or unsuccessful 
implementation of long-term strategy
The strategy does not deliver the expected results (e.g. growth, profit, market share) or focus on the right 
products and product portfolio — also based on megatrends — to serve clients in the future, leading to  
a decline in market share and financial performance.
Unable to attract and retain qualified personnel Inability to attract and retain qualified people by being unresponsive to relevant employee satisfaction drivers 
(e.g. modern, diverse and inclusive working environment, competitive compensation) may lead to increased 
stress on existing personnel, absence or loss of key knowledge, or capacity issues.
Operational Sourcing issues and/or purchase price increases Risk of instability in the supply chain (affecting sourcing of raw materials, services, energy) and/or significant 
increase of purchase prices could lead to business interruptions and additional costs.
IT and Cyber Security risks Cyber risks e.g. failures of information systems and the alteration, destruction or copying of data through 
unauthorized system and data access, may lead to business interruptions, loss of confidential data or 
reputation damage.
Significant order volume fluctuation/decline or project 
cancelation
Increase in the volatility of customer orders, with larger deviations in quantities and cancellations of projects 
altogether.
Financial & reporting Cost increases or efficiency losses are not transferred 
to the customer
Cost increases for raw materials, energy or wages or efficiency losses caused by volatile order volumes are not 
passed on to the customer.
Customer-related risk Customer actions (pressure on price) or issues (insolvency) impacting profit margins, asset values (impairment) 
and/or cash flow.
Cash flow / liquidity risk Insufficient cash generated through operating activities to finance business activities and pursue strategic 
opportunities.
Compliance Employee health and safety Inability to manage a healthy working environment (e.g. hygiene protocols) and employee safety may lead  
to incidents, loss of productivity, demotivation or absence.
Tax compliance Non compliance with applicable tax regulations can lead to increase of tax expenses, penalties, litigation  
and harm the reputation with authorities and other stakeholders.
In addition to the selected key risks described in the table 
above, Kendrion distinctively recognizes risks related to climate 
change, tax compliance, and fraud. Each of the risk areas and 
the associated key risks will be addressed in more detail.
Strategic risks
Market disruption/decline and uncertain political and 
economic conditions
Kendrion operates in a competitive market that is exposed  
to economic changes, geopolitical developments, societal 
changes as well as industry disruption, including the 
accelerating transformation from a predominantly hardware-
based automobile to a software-centric electronic device on 
wheels. Market disruption, saturation (e.g., possible Peak Car 
in EU and USA) or decline, could pressure Kendrion’s financial 
results and the company’s ability to achieve its strategic goals. 
Volatile economic and political conditions may lead to difficulties 
in managing business operations (e.g. planning and forecasting) 
and declined business performance. Kendrion will continue its 
development efforts to address markets that offer sustainable 
77Annual Integrated Report 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 78:
above average growth, by offering a tailored product portfolio 
focused on megatrends such as industrial and automotive 
electrification and automation. 
This is supported by maintaining a lean and flexible organization 
that can swiftly adjust to the economic tides and market trends. 
This flexibility not only relates to working with temporary staff 
and focusing on the reduction of variable operating expenses, 
but also includes the ability to communicate up-to-date  
financial information efficiently to decision-makers throughout 
the organization, make justifiable insourcing and outsourcing 
decisions, adjust supplier contracts, implement performance-
dependent employee benefits, work with flexible hour contracts 
and use opportunities to reduce working hours in specific 
countries. The composition of the group with about 50% 
automotive activities and 50% industrial activities reduces 
Kendrion’s exposure to a market disruption or decline in one  
of these markets.
Unsuccessful strategy or unsuccessful implementation  
of long-term strategy
In the current volatile environment, there is always the risk that  
a company's long-term strategy will not deliver the expected 
results, such as growth, profit, or an increase in market share 
(within the expected timeframe). This risk can also arise if the 
long-term strategy is not successfully implemented, for example 
if the company does not focus on the right products or product 
portfolio or does not adequately consider megatrends or its 
clients’ needs. If the long-term strategy is not successful or not 
implemented effectively, it can lead to a decline in market share 
and financial performance for the company. Kendrion is aware of 
the importance to plan and execute strategic changes carefully, 
and to be prepared to adapt to changing circumstances. There 
is an in-depth annual strategic review process, involving senior 
management of the company, to assess Kendrion’s 
performance compared to its multi-year strategy. This includes 
quarterly meetings to review progress of individual business 
groups on operational targets and strategic projects. 
In these meetings, any relevant changes in the environment are 
considered and monitored to ensure timely adjustments of 
strategic projects or to consider alternative solutions. 
Unable to attract and retain qualified personnel
The market for talent is increasingly competitive, especially 
pertaining to the key skills, expertise, and capabilities we need. 
Inability to attract and retain qualified employees may lead to 
high dependency on existing personnel and loss of knowledge. 
Kendrion’s required know-how is highly specific and often 
requires on-the-job training. A lack of skilled employees could 
impede the achievement of Kendrion’s strategic objectives. 
Kendrion strives to be recognized as a safe, inspiring, and high-
quality place to work. Besides offering competitive benefit 
packages and securing good and safe labor conditions in all 
locations, Kendrion offers flexible work styles that contribute  
to the performance and job satisfaction of employees.  
By investing in succession planning (e.g. through a training 
program for high potentials), various in-house training programs 
and apprentice programs, Kendrion intends to encourage 
ambition and give employees the possibility to work on exciting 
tasks and innovative projects. Kendrion conducts company 
wide employee satisfaction and culture surveys at regular 
intervals enabling people to give and receive feedback. So that 
Kendrion can attract early career professionals it maintains 
good relations with technical universities and institutions of 
higher technical education. In addition, Kendrion makes sure 
that offices are located at attractive and inspiring locations. 
Operational risks
Sourcing issues and/or purchase price increases
Kendrion is dependent on a continuous supply of (raw) 
materials for its plants to operate and to be able to meet 
customer demands and expectations. 
The supply chain of (raw) materials can be disrupted in many 
ways, from issues during transport, to a bankrupt supplier, or 
scarcity of certain materials. Suppliers can also be faced with 
increased demand for their products or increasing raw material 
prices, resulting in increases in purchase prices for Kendrion’s 
raw materials.
Kendrion actively endeavors to increase the number of 
alternative sources for its most important (raw) materials, while 
always making sure that (raw) materials are purchased from 
reputable suppliers. Quantities are generally secured via 
advance capacity confirmations and regular financial quick 
checks are performed to assess the solvency of suppliers. 
Suppliers that are critical to Kendrion’s supply chain have been 
identified and are actively monitored to secure continuity of the 
supply chain. Kendrion predominantly uses local supply chains 
for local production and revenue, and when certain materials 
have a single supplier, contingency measures are discussed 
(e.g. insourcing when possible, active periodic monitoring of 
critical suppliers) to ensure the exposure is within Kendrion’s 
risk appetite and swift action is possible when required. In case 
disruptions in the supply chain do occur, the customers 
affected by this disruption will be informed immediately and 
solutions will be discussed.
Significant order volume fluctuation/decline or project 
cancelation
External events such as a pandemic, an economic downturn, 
supply chain disruptions or changes in regulations or 
preferences, including the sustainability transformation, can 
cause certain customers to experience a structural decline  
78Annual Integrated Report 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 79:
in the demand for their products. This could cause a similar 
decline in their order volumes or even the cancellation of 
projects altogether. 
Also, persisting shortages in the supply of raw materials to our 
customers may increase the risk for customer orders to be 
adjusted due to lack of certain components, resulting in ad-hoc 
and unpredictable adjustments to order levels. In turn, this could 
result in significant and short-term fluctuations in demand, 
requiring short-term plant capacity adjustments, and 
consequently, additional costs for underused plant capacity or 
an increase in production backlog due to insufficient production 
capacity. Order volatility could also result in increased inventory 
levels either because orders are cancelled, or to ensure that 
increased demand can be fulfilled. 
Kendrion focuses on strengthening relationships with customers 
and engages constructively with them to actively monitor 
developments and changes to order volumes and timing where 
possible. Kendrion undertakes to negotiate contractual terms 
that ensure that sales prices per product increase when volumes 
are reduced, and that investments (e.g., development, tools, 
and equipment) are reimbursed if contracts are cancelled or 
predicted volumes are not achieved. However, this will not be 
sufficient to offset all the expenses incurred or compensate for 
revenue loss. Demand levels are closely monitored to timely 
detect overcapacity and production capacity and purchase 
volumes are adjusted accordingly to mitigate the impact on 
profit and working capital. Kendrion continuously adapts its 
production and supply chain planning to movements in day-to-
day orders, and the roll-out of predictive planning tools have 
enabled an increased flexibility in production while maintaining  
a high level of efficiency.
Financial & reporting risks
As a globally operating, publicly listed company, Kendrion must 
comply with financial reporting requirements. 
Material misstatements in reporting could affect Kendrion’s 
reputation and/or stock market value. Kendrion reports to the 
market on a quarterly basis, and reports financial figures based 
on IFRS standards. 
With the risk appetite for this risk area being on the adverse 
side of the spectrum, Kendrion has several controls in place 
that help to contain risk exposure within acceptable 
boundaries. 
It is critical that all operating entities report to the same 
standards and deliver the same quality of reporting, in line with 
applicable accounting and reporting principles. There are local 
planning and control cycles that provide financial and non-
financial information to the group based on standardized 
reporting formats on a weekly, monthly, or annual basis, based 
on a group reporting manual. To protect the integrity and 
accuracy of reported information without having to rely on 
manual controls, it is important that effective general IT controls 
are in place, such as proper segregation of duties, access 
control for important systems, and source data protection 
through proportionate change control procedures for all 
accounting and reporting systems and their key infrastructure. 
Where Kendrion would mitigate sub-optimal general IT controls 
in previous years by performing additional manual controls, in 
recent years these manual controls have gradually shifted to 
automated IT controls through continuous improvement 
actions, also based on recommendations by the external 
auditor over the past years. Kendrion will continue to improve 
its general IT controls, with a focus on increased control 
automation, while balancing available resources against 
improvement benefits.  
 
IT and Cyber Security risks
Cyber risks e.g. failures of information systems and the 
alteration, destruction or copying of data through unauthorized 
system and data access, may lead to business interruptions, 
loss of confidential data or reputation damage. 
On 29 August 2023 Kendrion reported the identification of a 
cyber security incident involving unauthorized third-party 
access to certain of the company’s IT systems. In response, 
Kendrion immediately shut down all affected IT systems to 
contain the incident and activated its response protocol, 
including contingency plans to continue operations without 
these systems. On 5 September 2023, Kendrion announced it 
had restored all key IT systems, having incurred minimal 
disruption for customers and employees and no material 
impact on the company’s financial results.
During 2023 Kendrion has further intensified its focus on 
cybersecurity risks, acknowledging the significant impact on 
operational integrity and stakeholder confidence. Kendrion has 
integrated renowned security monitoring tools that provide 
advanced 24/7 threat detection, network monitoring, and real-
time alerts, enabling us to identify and respond to potential 
threats swiftly. In addition, Kendrion places strong emphasis on 
contingency planning involving strategies to ensure business 
continuity and data integrity in the event of a cyber incident. 
Contingency plans include redundant data storage, backup 
systems, and disaster recovery protocols to quickly restore 
operations with minimal disruption. Combined with regular 
software updates, employee training, and continuous 
vulnerability assessments, our multi-layered approach to 
cybersecurity fortifies our defense against cyber-attacks. This 
proactive stance, encompassing state-of-the-art technologies, 
best practices, and robust contingency planning, safeguards 
our digital infrastructure and sensitive data, reinforcing our 
standing as a secure, resilient, and responsible organization.
79Annual Integrated Report 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 80:
On a quarterly basis, all responsible officers provide a letter of 
representation confirming the correct and complete reporting  
of financial and non-financial information and the absence of 
material violations of applicable laws, rules, and regulations, 
along with internal policies such as the Kendrion Code of 
Conduct. This also includes continuous monitoring of 
upcoming changes in accounting and/or reporting standards, 
laws and regulations, and periodic discussions with responsible 
finance leaders and senior management within the business 
units. 
Apart from the key financial & reporting risk mentioned above, 
Kendrion also recognizes financial & reporting risks related to 
debt financing, credit exposure and interest and exchange rate 
fluctuations (refer to pages 139-142 and following of the 
financial statements for an outline of Kendrion’s financial market 
risks and the policy for mitigating those risks or their impact). 
Kendrion has proportionate mitigating measures in place for 
these risks, which are monitored on different levels within the 
company.
Cost increases or efficiency losses are not transferred  
to the customer
Kendrion’s gross margin can be negatively impacted by 
increased prices of raw materials, energy and labor, or 
efficiency losses through low and volatile order volumes, if 
these effects cannot be transferred to customers in a timely 
manner. 
Kendrion aims to minimize the financial impact of price 
fluctuations for those materials that are most relevant. The most 
important (raw) materials for Kendrion are machined steel parts, 
raw steel, copper and permanent magnets. Where feasible, 
Kendrion includes raw material price clauses in its long-term 
customer contracts that provide for a sales price adjustment 
when the actual average raw material price over a certain 
timeframe deviates from a predetermined base price.  
Short-term agreements generally provide for price surcharges, 
allowing the sales price to be adjusted based on the prevailing 
market prices for logistics, raw materials, or energy. When 
customers reduce their orders below previously agreed levels, 
additional costs are charged to these customers to offset 
inefficiencies.
Customer-related risk
Key and other customers that represent a significant part of 
Kendrion’s revenue may demand more favorable terms for their 
business. This may manifest itself in the form of renegotiations 
on price or other adverse changes to contractual conditions, 
such as extended payment terms. This may impact margins 
and/or cash flow. If customers become insolvent, this could 
involve writing off outstanding invoices and stock and 
equipment becoming obsolete, resulting in losses.
Kendrion aims to maintain and protect its contractual position 
and reject unreasonable changes to existing terms, while 
valuing and preserving business relations. By consistently 
delivering qualitative products according to customer 
expectations against a competitive proposition, Kendrion aims 
to satisfy its customers while also remaining profitable. Through 
conducting credit reviews of significant customers, enforcing 
customer credit limits, and prepayment requirements for new 
customers, Kendrion aims to limit the exposure to customer 
insolvency to an acceptable level.
Cash flow and liquidity risks
Insufficient cash generated through operating activities can 
affect the company’s financial stability and ability to invest in 
strategic growth opportunities. Kendrion closely monitors and 
manages cash flow and liquidity risks, including effective 
working capital and expenditure management. Kendrion has 
implemented stringent cash flow management measures, 
prioritizing essential expenditures and optimizing working 
capital to enhance our financial position. Optimized working 
capital include maintaining a minimum amount of inventory 
required to secure efficient operations and delivery 
commitments, strict debt collection policies and procedures 
and placing emphasis on negotiating fair payment terms. 
Kendrion is judicious in its capital expenditure decisions, 
carefully evaluating each opportunity for its potential to 
contribute to strategic growth and long-term value creation. 
Our approach includes rigorous financial forecasting and 
scenario planning enabling us to continue strategic investment 
opportunities while maintaining a healthy balance sheet. 
Kendrion is committed to maintaining a healthy financial 
position, reducing its debt levels and laying a solid foundation 
for sustainable growth and profitability. 
Compliance risks
Kendrion commits to conducting business in accordance with 
its Code of Conduct and the values underlying the Code of 
Conduct, applicable laws, and regulations, including 
employment laws, data protection laws and regulations, 
accounting standards, tax laws, health and safety regulations, 
as well as governance and statutory filing requirements, 
applicable in the countries in which it operates. Senior 
management is responsible for raising awareness of, and 
applying, applicable laws and regulations. 
Global and local policies are developed and maintained to 
support compliance. Kendrion’s global policies include a range 
of procedures and policies that must be applied when 
conducting business, including a Code of Conduct, Insider 
Trading Code, Speak-up procedure, etc. Kendrion’s Code of 
Conduct builds on the values of The Kendrion Way, an inspiring 
motto at the heart of the Kendrion organization. 
80Annual Integrated Report 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 81:
The Code of Conduct provides a set of principles and 
expectations that guide the behavior of everyone within 
Kendrion. Guidance and training are provided to Kendrion 
employees to help them recognize compliance dilemmas and 
raise actual or suspected misconduct or irregularities following 
Kendrion’s Speak-up procedure. 
For more information about The Kendrion Way reference is 
made to the section People & culture included in this Annual 
Integrated Report.
Compliance with Kendrion’s internal policies and procedures, 
as well as local laws and regulations is also reviewed by 
Kendrion’s internal audit function. The Global Internal Audit and 
Risk Manager is responsible for the design and execution of the 
annual audit plan to assess the adequacy of Kendrion’s internal 
control systems. The Global Internal Audit and Risk Manager 
reports to the Executive Board with direct and independent 
access to the Audit Committee and external auditor. Audit 
results are reported to the Executive Board and the essence  
of the results are reported to, and discussed with, the Audit 
Committee and external auditors on a regular basis. The results 
of the audits conducted in 2023 were discussed with local 
management and any control deficiencies have been 
addressed. 
Employee health and safety
For Kendrion, the health and safety of its employees is 
paramount. Inability to manage a healthy working environment 
(e.g. hygiene protocols) and ensure employee safety may lead 
to incidents such as the spread of illness or injury. If employees 
do not feel welcome and safe in the workplace, it can lead to 
demotivation, lower morale, or absence, resulting in loss of or 
decrease in productivity and an increase in employee turnover. 
Kendrion promotes health and safety standards for all its 
employees through all available communication channels  
(e.g. billboards, intranet, newsletters, etc.). Personal health  
is encouraged via several local initiatives (e.g. sports, fruit 
baskets, health days) and cooperation with clinics provide 
support with mental health issues. Managers are trained to 
identify health issues, and first responders’ training is available 
to employees interested in learning how to perform first aid. 
Employee absence is monitored on a monthly basis as an 
indicator of employee health development. By doing so on  
a monthly basis, Kendrion is able to adapt to changing 
circumstances and implement additional measures when 
appropriate.
Tax compliance risks
In line with the overall risk averse appetite for compliance risks, 
Kendrion also specifically reiterates this risk averse appetite for 
tax compliance and associated risks. Tax risks originate from 
local tax rules and regulations as well as from international 
regulatory frameworks. Tax risks include transfer pricing risks 
on intercompany cross-border deliveries of goods and services, 
tax risks related to acquisitions and divestments, tax losses, 
taxes carried forward, permanent establishments and potential 
changes in tax law. This may result in financial impacts in the 
form of increased tax expenses and payments, tax 
adjustments, accrued interest, fines, litigation against 
Kendrion’s management, and damaging Kendrion’s reputation 
with the (local) authorities and its stakeholders. 
The Group Finance & Control department is in charge of 
establishing and overseeing group wide tax policies. Potential 
risks are periodically monitored and assessed based on the 
likelihood of occurrence and its potential impact on local and 
groupwide financial tax results. For the most important tax 
jurisdictions periodic meetings are held with external tax 
specialists to assess the tax position, tax risks and to the 
extend applicable, any impact of potential changes in tax laws 
and legislation. Kendrion actively seeks to reduce tax risks by 
involving external tax advisors when specialist knowledge is 
required and (local) authorities when interpretations of tax 
requirements can have an evident impact. 
Climate change
Society, shareholders, and other stakeholders are increasingly 
aware of environmental challenges and the impact of climate 
change. They demand sustainable operations, solutions, and 
products. The socioeconomic impact of climate change and 
the adoption of new regulations and the enforcement of 
initiatives to reduce global warming and other impacts of 
climate change, provide Kendrion with challenges and 
opportunities related to its existing and future product portfolio. 
In addition, a higher frequency of extreme weather conditions 
increases the likelihood of natural disasters, which may, from 
time to time, disrupt supply chains, production, delivery times 
and the availability of raw materials. Significant material price 
increases caused by persistent material shortages and 
implementation of government actions to mitigate climate 
change, such as carbon tax, will negatively affect future 
operating costs.
The product portfolio of Kendrion’s Industrial Business Groups 
is expected to benefit from the global trend towards 
electrification of industrial processes that decrease the use of 
fossil fuels and greenhouse gas emissions. The automotive 
industry is transforming based on four reinforcing trends 
towards Autonomous, Connected, Electric and Shared (or 
ACES) mobility, leading to cleaner, safer and more comfortable 
forms of transportation. 
To advance these trends, the automotive industry requires new 
actuator technologies that will replace existing technologies 
developed for internal combustion engines of passenger cars 
81Annual Integrated Report 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 82:
and commercial vehicles. Kendrion has been transitioning and 
will continue to transition its product portfolio towards these 
new technologies. To the extent the existing Automotive 
product portfolio relates to combustion engine vehicles, it is 
expected that the revenue derived from these technologies will 
gradually decrease over the next 10 to 15 years in line with the 
phase out of the combustion engine as mandated by various 
legislative initiatives around the globe.  
On balance we expect our Automotive revenue to benefit from 
this transformation. 
Kendrion is committed to reducing its contribution to climate 
change by reducing the carbon footprint of its operations 
through using renewable energy, decreasing energy 
consumption, decreasing waste from production and increasing 
recycling rates of materials. Kendrion is equally committed  
to continuing to invest in a responsible product portfolio by 
developing products that help advance our industrial and 
automotive customers’ ambitions and objectives to reduce 
emissions and climate impact. 
Fraud
With its global footprint, Kendrion is exposed to a wide range of 
fraudulent activities. Given Kendrion’s activities as an industrial 
production company, the most important fraud risks are 
identified in the supply chain (kickbacks, shop in shop, bribery, 
false invoices), inventory and asset management (theft, 
manipulation), administrative processes (fraudulent payments, 
falsified records) and cyberattacks. Fraud in this context can 
result in a wide range of losses, ranging from negligible financial 
loss through petty theft of (office) materials to significant 
financial losses, damage to the organization's reputation, and  
a loss of customer trust when legal penalties in strict anti-fraud 
regimes are involved. Fraud risks are explicitly included in the 
annual corporate risk assessment as a separate category,  
to ensure active monitoring of fraud risk development, and 
continuously create awareness for fraud risks amongst (senior) 
management. 
 
Kendrion has measures in place to significantly reduce its 
exposure to fraud. An important cornerstone of these measures 
is the restriction of access (both physical and digital) to only 
those areas that individuals require to perform their day-to-day 
activities, and segregation of duties (SoD) so that important 
checks and balances are not combined within the same 
person. Both the user access and SoD are reviewed on an 
annual basis and adjusted to be in line with the risk appetite if 
situations change. A significant number of general IT controls 
around user access and SoD have been implemented. 
However, to date, a few deficiencies in the design and 
effectiveness of the controls do exist. To the extent deficiencies 
in the IT controls do exist, Kendrion has additional controls in 
place that also detect and prevent fraud, such as but not 
limited to variance and margin analysis and comprehensive 
reviews on key master data changes. At the same time, 
Kendrion continues to address and improve the design and 
effectiveness of the IT controls.
On top of the foundation of access management and SoD, 
Kendrion also implemented an authorization matrix to clearly 
define the responsibilities and authorization limits for each 
function within the company. This ensures that the right 
employees are involved when information is processed or 
decisions are made with a certain level of (fraud) risk. Every 
employee within the company is informed about Kendrion’s 
Code of Conduct (CoC) when they join Kendrion, and the CoC 
specifically addresses the most common forms of fraud and the 
expected employee behavior concerning these topics. On an 
annual basis the CoC (or specific topics thereof) are refreshed 
for all employees through different forms of communication 
(e.g. posters, video’s, e-learning, workshops, etc.).
In control statement
Based on the approach described above, the Executive Board 
is of the opinion that, to the best of its knowledge: 
 ■ the Report of the Executive Board provides sufficient 
insights into any failings in the effectiveness of the risk 
management and internal control systems; 
 ■ the risk management and internal control systems provide 
reasonable assurance that the financial reporting, including 
tax, does not contain any material inaccuracies; 
 ■ based on the current state of affairs, it is justified that the 
financial reporting is prepared on a going concern basis; 
and the Report of the Executive Board states those material 
risks and uncertainties that are relevant to the expectation 
of Kendrion’s continuity for the period of twelve months 
after the date of the Report of the Executive Board. 
Properly designed and implemented risk management and 
internal control systems significantly reduce, but cannot fully 
eliminate, the possibility of human errors, poor judgement, 
deliberate circumvention of controls, fraud or infringements of 
laws, rules or regulations, or the occurrence of unforeseeable 
circumstances. Another factor considered within risk 
management is that efforts related to risk management and 
internal control systems should be balanced against the costs 
of implementation and maintenance. 
82Annual Integrated Report 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 83:
Kendrion’s governance framework is based on the statutory 
requirements that apply to public limited liability companies in 
the Netherlands. This framework includes the principles and 
best practice provisions outlined in the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code, most recently updated on 20 December 
2022 (the ‘Code’), and Kendrion’s articles of association, last 
amended on 25 June 2020. Certain core topics of the Code 
are addressed in the various sections of this Annual Integrated 
Report. For instance, diversity in the Supervisory Board,  
the Executive Board and the Management Team is addressed 
in this Corporate Governance Report. ‘The Kendrion Way’  
is described in the section ‘Sustainability’ and in the section 
‘People & Culture’. The articles of association, along with 
ancillary policies such as the Supervisory Board regulations and 
the Supervisory Board committee regulations constitute  
a framework for the affairs and governance of Kendrion.  
This framework ensures the establishment of a sound and 
transparent system of checks and balances. For the articles of 
association, the Supervisory Board regulations, the Supervisory 
Board committee regulations and additional information about 
Corporate Governance at Kendrion, please refer to our 
corporate website at www.kendrion.com. 
Kendrion N.V.
Kendrion N.V. is a public limited liability company incorporated 
under the laws of the Netherlands, with its corporate seat in 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands. For details regarding Kendrion 
N.V.’s share capital, reference is made to the section ‘Share 
and shareholder information’ on pages 21-23. 
Kendrion N.V., as the ultimate parent company, holds all shares 
in Kendrion Finance B.V., a private limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, with its 
corporate seat in Zeist, the Netherlands. Kendrion Finance B.V., 
either directly or indirectly, holds shares in all of Kendrion’s 
operating companies, each operating company being directly 
or indirectly, wholly owned subsidiaries. Kendrion N.V. is not 
subject to the large company structure regime and no works 
council having jurisdiction over Kendrion N.V. has been 
established nor is there a statutory requirement mandating the 
establishment of such a works council. Reference is made to 
the People & Culture section of this Annual Integrated Report 
for information about works councils and employee 
representation established at certain Kendrion operating 
companies.
Two-tier governance structure 
The Executive Board, comprised of the CEO and the CFO, is 
entrusted with the management of Kendrion, under supervision 
of the Supervisory Board. Members of the Executive Board and 
the Supervisory Board are appointed and dismissed by the 
General Meeting of Shareholders. The General Meeting of 
Shareholders can amend the articles of association if and  
as proposed by the Executive Board, with the prior approval  
of the Supervisory Board. The decision to amend the articles  
of association requires an absolute majority of the votes cast  
at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Executive Board 
The Executive Board is responsible for the management and 
the continuity of Kendrion and Kendrion’s long-term and 
sustainable value creation strategy, objectives, results, and 
policy, including the responsibility for defining strategies and 
plans conducive to the goal of the Paris Agreement to limit 
global warming. In discharging its responsibilities, the Executive 
Board considers the impact of Kendrion and its affiliated 
enterprise on people and the environment, whereby the 
Executive Board carefully balances the interests of stakeholders 
that are relevant in this context. An essential aspect of the 
Executive Board’s duties is the establishment and perpetuation 
of a culture oriented towards sustainable long-term value 
creation. A professionally robust and healthy company culture, 
as detailed in the People & Culture section of this Annual 
Integrated Report, plays a crucial role in preventing misconduct 
and irregularities. 
The Executive Board is accountable to the Supervisory Board 
and the General Meeting of Shareholders. Crucial decisions 
made by the Executive Board necessitate the approval of the 
Supervisory Board. 
With due regard to the requirement under Kendrion’s articles  
of association that the Executive Board must consist of at least 
two members, the Supervisory Board determines the number 
of members of the Executive Board. 
Members of the Executive Board are appointed by the General 
Meeting of Shareholders, following the recommendations put 
forth by the Supervisory Board. In compliance with provision 
2.2.1 of the Code, all Executive Board members are appointed 
for a maximum term of four years and may be reappointed  
for successive terms of no more than four years each. The 
selection process for Executive Board members considers  
the diversity objectives outlined in Kendrion’s diversity policy, 
accessible on the corporate website at www.kendrion.com. 
Other than upon a proposal of the Supervisory Board, the 
members of the Executive Board are suspended and dismissed 
by the General Meeting of Shareholders by a resolution 
adopted by an absolute majority representing at least one-third 
of the issued share capital. A resolution of the General Meeting 
of Shareholders to suspend or dismiss Executive Board 
members in line with a recommendation of the Supervisory 
Board is adopted by an absolute majority of the votes cast. 
Members of the Executive Board comply with statutory 
requirements regarding the number of supervisory or non-
executive functions they can hold in large enterprises. 
Corporate Governance Report 83Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 84:
For detailed information about the composition of the Executive 
Board and its members, please refer to page 24.
A member of the Executive Board refrains from participating in 
the deliberation and decision-making process on any matter in 
which a member of the Executive Board has a personal interest 
that conflicts with the interests of Kendrion. 
Should a conflict of interest arise, a member of the Executive 
Board is obligated to promptly report it to the Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board. Transactions involving conflicts of interest 
with an Executive Board member require the approval from  
the Supervisory Board. In 2023, there were no transactions in 
which there was a conflict of interest with a member of the 
Executive Board. Kendrion has a policy of not providing loans 
or guarantees to members of the Executive Board.
Management Team 
The Management Team is composed of the CEO, CFO, and 
various executives who bear clear accountability for delivering 
on all aspects of the strategic plan. Representation on the 
Management Team includes Business Group Directors from  
the Automotive Group, Industrial Brakes, Industrial Actuators 
and Controls, and the Kendrion President Asia. Additionally, 
functional areas such as Information Technology, People, 
Sustainability and Compliance, are addressed by the CIO, HR 
Director, and General Counsel within the Management Team.
The determination of the number of members of the 
Management Team is a decision made by the Executive Board 
in consultation with the Supervisory Board. For those members 
of the Management Team who are not part of the Executive 
Board, appointments and dismissals are carried out by the 
Executive Board, subject to the Executive Board’s consultation 
with the Supervisory Board. When appointing members to the 
Management Team, diversity objectives outlined in Kendrion’s 
diversity policy will be considered. 
The Management Team meets frequently. Members of the 
Management Team who are not part of the Executive Board  
are regularly invited to attend Supervisory Board meetings. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for supervising and 
advising the Executive Board in the execution of its tasks  
and duties, as well as supervising the overall development  
and performance of Kendrion. In discharging its role, the 
Supervisory Board prioritizes the interests of Kendrion and its 
stakeholders, focusing on aspects such as the effectiveness of 
Kendrion’s risk management and internal control systems, and 
the integrity and quality of financial and sustainability reporting. 
The composition of the Supervisory Board is designed  
to ensure that its members can operate critically and 
independently, free from influence by each other, the Executive 
Board, the Management Team, or any other specific interests. 
Each member possesses the necessary expertise, experience, 
and background to fulfil their role, in accordance with the 
‘Profile outline’ for the Supervisory Board and the diversity 
objectives outlined in Kendrion’s diversity policy for the 
Supervisory Board. Both the ‘Profile outline’ and the diversity 
policy for the Supervisory Board are accessible on the 
corporate website at www.kendrion.com. 
The Supervisory Board is comprised of four independent 
members as defined by the Code. Each member of the 
Supervisory Board adheres to statutory requirements regarding 
the allowable number of supervisory or non-executive functions 
within large enterprises. The composition of the Supervisory 
Board aligns with the statutory requirements outlined in  
the Dutch Gender Balance Act. 
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by  
the General Meeting of Shareholders based on the 
recommendation of the Supervisory Board for a four-year term. 
Additionally, the Supervisory Board internally elects a Chairman 
from amongst its members. 
The Chairman presides over Supervisory Board meetings, 
ensuring their effective functioning along with that of its 
committees. Additionally, the Chairman facilitates proper 
communication between the Supervisory Board, the Executive 
Board, the Management Team, and the General Meeting of 
Shareholders. Regular contact is maintained between the 
Chairman and the CEO, focusing on matters within the 
Supervisory Board’s purview. Similarly, the Chair of the Audit 
Committee stays in regular contact with the CFO regarding 
responsibilities specific to the Audit Committee.
Supervisory Board members step down in accordance with  
a rotation schedule adopted by the Supervisory Board. 
Members of the Supervisory Board whose term of office expires 
can be reappointed. For any reappointment account is taken  
of the manner in which the person concerned performed his or 
her duties as a member of the Supervisory Board, the diversity 
objectives as described in Kendrion’s diversity policy for the 
Supervisory Board, and best practice provision 2.2.2 of the 
Code regarding appointment and reappointment periods.  
Each member of the Supervisory Board can be dismissed  
by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
New members of the Supervisory Board undergo an 
introduction program, providing them with sufficient familiarity 
with Kendrion, its business activities, and pertinent internal 
84Annual Integrated Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 85:
procedures and processes essential for fulfilling their duties  
as members of the Supervisory Board. 
Regular meetings of the Supervisory Board typically include the 
attendance of the Executive Board and, periodically, members 
of the Management Team. Additionally, the Supervisory Board 
holds meetings independently, excluding Executive Board 
members. Assisting the Supervisory Board is the Company 
Secretary, who ensures adherence to correct procedures and 
statutory obligations and those outlined in the articles of 
association. The Company Secretary also facilitates information 
exchange between the Executive Board and the Supervisory 
Board and aids the Chairman of the Supervisory Board in 
organizing Board affairs. 
The Supervisory Board has established two committees:  
the Audit Committee and the HR Committee (combining the 
remuneration committee and the selection and appointment 
committee). The committees are responsible for preparing  
the decision-making for the Supervisory Board. The regulations 
outlining the tasks and procedures of the committees can  
be found on the corporate website at www.kendrion.com.  
For detailed information on the composition of the Supervisory 
Board, its committees and its members, please refer to 
pages 88-89 of this Annual Integrated Report. 
Annually, the Supervisory Board evaluates its own functioning, 
the performance of its committees, and that of individual 
Supervisory Board members. The outcome of this evaluation is 
discussed among the members of the Supervisory Board, and 
the Chairman subsequently informs the Executive Board as 
appropriate. For further details about the annual evaluation of 
the Supervisory Board, reference is made to the Report of the 
Supervisory Board included in this Annual Integrated Report.
Members of the Supervisory Board do not receive any shares 
and rights to acquire shares in Kendrion as remuneration. With 
the exception of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board, who 
holds 11,800 shares as of December 31, 2023, Supervisory 
Board members do not hold any shares in Kendrion. Kendrion 
does not grant loans or guarantees to Supervisory Board 
members. In accordance with the Supervisory Board 
regulations, a member of the Supervisory Board may not 
participate in the deliberation and decision-making process on 
any subject in which a member of the Supervisory Board has  
a personal interest that conflicts with the interests of Kendrion. 
In 2023 there were no transactions involving a conflict of 
interest with any member of the Supervisory Board.
Diversity within the Executive Board, 
Management Team, and Supervisory Board 
Kendrion places significant value on fostering diversity within  
its workforce, extending from the overall Kendrion organization 
to the Executive Board, the Management Team, and the 
Supervisory Board. As part of Kendrion’s sustainability 
program, the pillar ‘Social and Human Capital’ emphasizes  
the prioritization of advancing diversity across the organization. 
Ambitious diversity targets, aligned with Kendrion’s diversity 
framework, have been established for each of Kendrion’s 
Business Groups. The strategic diversity framework and related 
targets for Kendrion’s Business Groups are detailed in the 
‘People & Culture’ section of this Annual Integrated Report. 
A diverse array of competences and skills and a variety of 
backgrounds within the Executive Board, the Management 
Team and the Supervisory Board contribute to effective 
decision-making and, consequently, long-term and sustainable 
value creation. Kendrion considers diversity aspects such as 
gender, nationality, and background (education, (work) 
experience) most relevant for Kendrion and its business.  
This commitment to diversity is evident in the ongoing efforts  
to enhance diversity in the Executive Board, the Management 
Team and the Supervisory Board. 
According to Kendrion’s diversity policy for the Supervisory 
Board, at least 33% of the Supervisory Board shall consist of 
women, and at least 33% shall consist of men. The current 
composition of the Supervisory Board, consisting of two female 
members and two male members, aligns with the 33% gender 
diversity target. 
Aligned with statutory requirements introduced in January 
2022, gender diversity targets have been set for the Executive 
Board and the Management Team. Kendrion is committed  
to reshaping the composition of the Executive Board and 
Management Team so that, over time, at least 33% of both  
the Executive Board, and the Management Team, comprises 
women, and at least 33% comprises men. In 2023, there were 
no additions to the Executive Board or the Management Team. 
The Executive Board currently consists of two men and the 
Management Team (excluding the members of the Executive 
Board) consists of 25% women and 75% men, thereby the 
identified gender diversity targets for the Executive Board and 
the Management Board have not yet been met.
85Annual Integrated Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 86:
As a global company, Kendrion has also established targets 
related to nationality. According to the diversity policy, the 
Management Team should include representatives from at least 
two regions where Kendrion operates. This nationality diversity 
objective for the Management Team has been met. In the case 
of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board, the 
objective is to maintain appropriate nationality diversity. In the 
Supervisory Board one member holds German nationality, 
reflecting Kendrion’s significant operations in Germany. 
Furthermore, Kendrion’s diversity policy incorporates a 
background diversity objective. According to this policy,  
at least one member of the Executive Board and at least three 
members of the Management Team should possess experience 
in international industrial or automotive business, or an industry 
closely related thereto. For the background diversity objective 
for the Supervisory Board, please refer to the Supervisory 
Board ‘Profile outline’ which is available on Kendrion’s 
corporate website. The composition of the Executive Board, 
the Management Team and the Supervisory Board align with 
their respective background diversity objectives. 
The composition of the Supervisory Board is both diverse and 
experienced, reflecting a balanced participation of two female 
members and two male members. The Executive Board is 
composed of qualified, knowledgeable, and experienced 
members. The Management Team exhibits a healthy mix of 
skills, nationalities, ages, backgrounds, and other relevant 
factors.
Kendrion’s diversity policy outlines specific objectives which  
will be explicitly considered – beyond functional requirements –
when selecting individuals for (re)appointment to the 
Supervisory Board and Executive Board, as well as when filling 
vacancies within the Management Team. In the event of 
engaging external recruitment consultants, Kendrion provides 
search instructions aligned with the diversity principles 
underlying the diversity policy. The diversity policy is available 
on the corporate website at www.kendrion.com. 
General Meeting of Shareholders
At least once a year, Kendrion convenes a shareholder meeting. 
Meetings are convened by the Executive Board and/or 
Supervisory Board. Meetings can also be convened at the 
request of shareholders jointly representing at least 10% of 
Kendrion’s issued share capital if authorized by the competent 
Dutch court. Shareholders who hold at least 3% of the issued 
share capital have the right to propose an item for inclusion on 
the agenda. Kendrion will in principle include the item on the 
agenda if it has received the substantiated proposal clearly 
stating the item to be discussed, or a draft resolution, in writing, 
at least 60 days prior to the meeting date. Each shareholder  
is entitled to attend shareholder meetings in person or be 
represented by written proxy and exercise voting rights in 
accordance with the provisions of the articles of association. 
Each outstanding share entitles the holder to one vote. 
Resolutions are adopted by absolute majority of the votes cast, 
unless the articles of association or applicable law provide 
otherwise. 
Shareholders representing 73.52% (2022: 69.47%) of the total 
number of shares entitled to vote were represented at the 
General Meeting of Shareholders held on 17 April 2023. 
For further details about the authority of the General Meeting of 
Shareholders and the articles of association, please refer to the 
corporate website at www.kendrion.com. 
Special provisions relating to shares
Unless indicated otherwise, there are no restrictions on the 
transfer of shares, the exercise of voting rights or the term for 
exercising those rights, and there are no special controlling 
rights attached to shares. On 17 April 2023, the General 
Meeting of Shareholders granted the Executive Board the 
authority to: (i) issue shares or grant rights to acquire shares 
and restrict or exclude pre-emptive rights in relation to the issue 
of shares or the granting of rights to acquire shares; and (ii) 
acquire shares in Kendrion N.V. within the limits prescribed by 
the articles of association and the applicable statutory 
provisions, in each case for a period of 18 months from the 
date of the General Meeting of Shareholders (i.e. until  
17 October 2024) and subject to the prior approval of the 
Supervisory Board. 
Auditor 
Before being presented to the General Meeting of Shareholders 
for adoption, the annual financial statements as prepared by 
the Executive Board must be audited by an external certified 
public auditor. The General Meeting of Shareholders has the 
authority to appoint the auditor. On 12 April 2021, the General 
Meeting of Shareholders reappointed Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
for a third and final period of four years. The General Meeting  
of Shareholders may put questions to the external auditor with 
respect to the external auditor’s opinion on the financial 
statements. The external auditor shall therefore attend and  
be entitled to address the General Meeting of Shareholders. 
86Annual Integrated Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 87:
In consultation with Deloitte Accountants B.V., Kendrion 
initiated a comprehensive tender process in the course of 2023, 
inviting various audit firms to participate. Following the 
completion of this process, Kendrion intends to propose the 
appointment of Mazars Audit & Assurance to the General 
Meeting of Shareholders in 2024 as its statutory auditor for  
a three-year period starting from the financial year 2024.
Kendrion maintains an internal audit function operating under 
the Executive Board’s responsibility, with reporting lines to the 
CFO and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The 
internal audit function assesses the design and operation of the 
internal risk management and control systems. In accordance 
with the Code, the Executive Board and the Audit Committee 
of the Supervisory Board are involved in the preparation and 
approval of the internal audit plan. The annual internal audit 
plan is submitted for approval to the Executive Board and the 
Supervisory Board. Internal audit reports are discussed with  
the Executive Board and the Audit Committee, and the external 
auditor is informed accordingly. 
For the management statement of the Executive Board, 
required under article 5:25c of the Financial Supervision Act 
(Wet op het Financieel Toezicht), please refer to the ‘Report  
of the Executive Board’ on page 37.
Agreements in the meaning of the Decree  
for the implementation of article 10 of  
the Takeover Directive (Besluit artikel 10 
overnamerichtlijn) 
The credit facilities of Kendrion N.V. include a change of control 
provision. An early repayment obligation is triggered if a party 
acquires more than half of Kendrion’s issued share capital or 
voting rights. 
Corporate Governance statement 
This Corporate Governance Report, along with the section 
‘Share and shareholder information’ on pages 21-23 contains 
the information specified in the Decree for the implementation of 
article 10 of the Takeover Directive. Furthermore, when combined 
with the sections ‘Risk management’ and 'Report of the 
Supervisory Board' included in this Annual Integrated Report, it 
should be considered as the Corporate Governance Statement 
as required by the Decree on the contents of the management 
report (Besluit inhoud bestuursverslag). 
Relevant documents on corporate website
 ■ Articles of association
 ■ Supervisory Board regulations and committee regulations
 ■ Diversity policy for the Supervisory Board, Executive Board 
and Management Team 
 ■ ‘Profile outline’ for the Supervisory Board 
 ■ Insider Trading Code
 ■ Policy on bilateral contacts with shareholders
 ■ Code of conduct
 ■ Speak-up procedure
Taxes
Kendrion’s tax policy is based on the core values embedded  
in Kendrion’s Code of Conduct and aligned with Kendrion’s 
strategy and the rationale underlying the value creation pillar 
‘Responsible Business Conduct’, which is part of Kendrion’s 
global sustainability program. 
Taxable profits are recognized in jurisdictions in which value  
is created, in accordance with the applicable tax regulations 
and standards, including the OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises and local transfer-pricing and other applicable  
tax regulations. Tax is not limited to corporate income tax  
but also includes VAT, wage withholding tax, social security 
contributions, dividend withholding tax, real estate tax and  
any other taxes that are payable by Kendrion in the relevant 
jurisdictions. Kendrion does not seek to establish aggressive 
tax-driven structures that are not compliant with the letter or 
spirit of applicable tax regulations. This means that Kendrion 
does not pursue any aggressive tax planning or has entities 
established in tax haven jurisdictions solely for tax optimization 
purposes and without commercial substance. 
Kendrion provides adequate transparency towards tax 
authorities and builds and maintains a professional relationship 
with the tax authorities. If and when appropriate, tax authorities 
are consulted in advance on certain material transactions or 
business restructuring in order, for instance, to ascertain 
compliance with the applicable tax regulations. Kendrion makes 
tax-related disclosures in accordance with the applicable 
statutory regulations and applicable reporting requirements  
and standards, such as IFRS. 
Stringent controls are implemented to identify, monitor and 
address (potential) tax risks, aiming to mitigate and avoid these 
risks. Accredited tax advisors are engaged in reviewing and 
preparing material corporate income tax returns, if appropriate. 
Tax compliance is integrated into Kendrion’s internal audit plan, 
with material tax risks and topics, including Kendrion’s tax 
policy, reported and discussed within the Audit Committee. 
Kendrion takes responsibility and shows prudence with regard 
to corporate tax obligations. The effective tax rate of Kendrion 
or any of its affiliates is not a key performance indicator for 
Kendrion’s finance and tax department nor do individual bonus 
schemes contain effective tax rate performance targets. 
Additional information about the reconciliation of the effective 
tax rate can be found on page 177 of this Annual Integrated 
Report.
87Annual Integrated Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 88:
F.J. van Hout (Chairman), male, 1960 
Chairman
E.H. Slijkhuis, female, 1968 
Chair Audit Committee
Nationality Dutch Dutch
International expertise Yes Yes
Date of first appointment 12 April 2021 17 april 2023
Term of office 2021-2025 2023-2027
Current number of SB positions 5 2
Shares in Kendrion 11,800 No
Professional experience Semiconductors Finance/IT
Additional positions
 
Former positions
Chairman of the Investment Committee of the DeepTech Fonds  
(Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs and InvestNL); Vice-Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board, Aixtron SE; Member of the Supervisory Board, 
Bambi Belt Holding BV; Member of the Supervisory Board, Stichting 
PhotonDelta; Member of the Supervisory Board, Smart Photonics BV; 
Member of the Board of Management of the Stichting Continuïteit BESI
Executive Vice President and Member of the Board of Management, 
ASML; Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Program Officer, Chief Marketing 
Officer and other various functions in management, ASML; CEO, 
Beyeler Group; Chief Technology Officer, Datacolor
CFO and Managing Director, Hydratec Industries N.V.; 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Deventer Ziekenhuis 
 
 
 
CFO Veco B.V.; Interim & Project Manager Finance & IT; Senior 
Management function Aviko; Consultant Eiffel; Finance Director 
Galegoid; Auditor Deloitte
88Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Supervisory BoardReport of the Executive Board
MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD 

Page 89:
M.J.G. Mestrom, female, 1961 
Chair HR Committee
E. Doll, male, 1959 
Audit Committee
Nationality Dutch German
International expertise Yes Yes
Date of first appointment 11 April 2016 24 June 2020
Term of office 2020-2024 (2nd term) 2020-2024
Current number of SB positions 1 3
Shares in Kendrion No No
Professional experience HR/organizational design/transformation/international experience Automotive, plastics, industrial, medical, chemical
(expat Hong Kong and frequent business travel across all continents)
Additional positions
 
Former positions
Chief Human Resources Officer at Brenntag SE 
 
Head of Global Human Resources, at Siegwerk Druckfarben Group; 
Senior Global Human Resources positions Philips Electronics 
Vice Chairman of Supervisory Board, WITTE Automotive GmbH; 
Non-Executive Director, Aeristech Ltd. 
 
Vice Chairman of the Executive Board, Röchling Group; President & 
CEO, Röchling Automotive SE; EVP , Plastic Omnium Auto Exterior; 
Managing Director, Plastic Omnium GmbH; General Manager, Johnson 
Controls GmbH; Business Manager, BASF SE
89Annual Integrated Report 2023
MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Supervisory BoardReport of the Executive Board
 

Page 90:
In 2023, our pursuit of long-term sustainable growth was 
strongly tested by high inflation, rising interest rates, and 
geopolitical uncertainties. Nevertheless, Kendrion's global 
teams, guided by resilient management, demonstrated 
remarkable determination, and delivered consistent results.  
The strategic initiatives implemented in 2022 played a pivotal 
role in our steadfast performance and positive outlook to the 
future. Key strategic initiatives are yielding positive results
We successfully concluded several of these initiatives in 2023, 
including the further advancement of the implementation of the 
previously effected split of the Automotive Group into 'Core' 
Resilient performance despite ongoing challenges
steady. While our Industrial business growth did not meet 
expectations, our Automotive business surpassed them, with 
an unexpectedly strong performance, in what is still a difficult 
market. Looking ahead, we anticipate a rebound in demand  
for our industrial products over the long term, and we are 
optimistic about the growth prospects for our innovations in the 
automotive sector, driven by the continued expansion of ACES 
(Autonomous, Connected, Electric, and Shared) technologies.
Cybersecurity resilience
In August 2023, we demonstrated resilience on the 
cybersecurity front in our response to a cybersecurity incident. 
We blocked the attack in its early stages, preventing major 
damage to our infrastructure. Collaborating with top-tier 
forensic cybersecurity experts, we shut down, audited and 
reconfigured affected IT systems within days, which effectively 
mitigated the impact. Thanks to the dedication and flexibility  
of our IT and production teams, the incident had no significant 
impact on customer deliveries, nor on our financial results.
Together for a sustainable future 
As Jabine van der Meijs concluded her term as Supervisory 
Board member, we like to thank her for her excellent 
contributions and her ever inspiring personality, and warmly 
welcome Everien Slijkhuis as new member. The Supervisory 
Board sincerely thanks our dedicated management and 
employees for their remarkable contributions throughout this 
challenging year. While profitability remains a central focus,  
our pride comes from our high-quality products and practices 
working together. Following the theme "Enabling the shift 
towards clean energy for a sustainable future," they actively 
contribute to a cleaner world.
Frits van Hout 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
and 'E,' the establishment of a state-of-the-art factory in China, 
and the completion of the integration of 3T. 
Automotive Core focuses on optimizing profitability and cash 
flow, while Automotive E actively spearheads innovation in 
sound systems, active suspension, and sensor cleaning.  
The benefits in terms of efficiency, focus, and increased orders 
are already apparent, with sustained and long-term advantages 
anticipated in the evolving automotive landscape.
The inauguration of our new factory in China marked a major 
milestone in our localization strategy. Even though the Chinese 
economy developed at a slower pace in 2023, the significant 
investment in this expansive 28,000m2 facility positions us 
optimally to seize growth opportunities. We were truly 
impressed by the skill and diligence that our management and 
employees demonstrated in seamlessly transferring operations 
from two factories – that have now been closed –  
to this new one. As a result, our cutting-edge facility was 
operational swiftly and efficiently.
The third initiative, the integration of 3T into the Kendrion group, 
has also delivered notable benefits, both enhancing our 
electronics and software capabilities and strengthening our 
reputation as an employer of choice. The relocation of 3T's 
Eindhoven team to the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven brings 
us closer to customers and places us within a popular hub for 
ambitious tech professionals.
Steady turnover
Despite challenging conditions in both the industrial and 
automotive sectors, our overall turnover for the year held 
90Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board Report of the Supervisory Board
PREFACE

Page 91:
The Supervisory Board provides oversight, 
evaluates progress and performance, maintains 
a sound and transparent system of checks and 
balances, and advises the Executive Board when 
appropriate. 
This Report of the Supervisory Board sets out the way in which 
the Supervisory Board fulfilled its duties and responsibilities in 
2023. 
Performance in 2023 
Under supervision of the Supervisory Board, the Executive 
Board developed and implemented a strategy for sustainable 
long-term value creation. During the year under review, 
important strategic initiatives were progressed or completed – 
despite the persistent geopolitical instabilities, high inflation  
and increased interest rates. Our global teams have both 
determined and resilient achieved consistent results in our 
pursuit of long-term sustainable growth. The successful 
advancement and completion of strategic initiatives have  
been crucial for both performance development and shaping  
a positive outlook for our business, ensuring long-term 
sustainable growth.  
Focus points in 2023
In coordination with the Executive Board, the Supervisory 
Board previously determined certain focus areas for 2023.  
The Supervisory Board placed special emphasis on the 
following points in 2023:
Finalization 2024-2028 sustainability strategy
The shift towards a more sustainable world, driven by clean 
energy sources, is now more imperative than ever. Kendrion  
is committed to actively contribute to mitigating the adverse 
effects of climate change and addressing social themes. 
Kendrion’s approach is marked by the ambition to minimize 
risks, optimize performance, and create sustainable value for 
the long term. Kendrion has been actively engaged in reducing 
its environmental impact and promoting social responsibility for 
many years. As an illustrative example, Kendrion reduced the 
relative CO2 emissions from energy by its production facilities 
by 56% compared to 2015.
During the past period Kendrion finalized the development of  
an ambitious new sustainability program for the period 2024  
to 2028. The development process encompassed a 
comprehensive analysis of existing practices, identification of 
areas for improvement, evaluation, and validation of ambitious 
yet realistic sustainability targets, and the formulation of  
a roadmap for the effective implementation of measures. 
The development of an ambitious new sustainability program 
not only contributes to a more sustainable future but also 
provides commercial opportunities and adds to Kendrion’s 
competitive advantage. Increasingly, sustainable products and 
technologies are becoming the default choice for a growing 
number of companies, presenting significant commercial 
potential. Kendrion’s smart actuation technology aligns with  
the increasing demand for products that support the energy 
transition. Through its Responsible Product Portfolio, 
encompassing Products that Improve Health, Products that 
Reduce Climate Impact and Products that Keep you Safe, 
Kendrion contributes to promoting healthier lives and 
enhancing overall well-being. The commitment to prioritizing  
the development of this Responsible Product Portfolio will 
continue to be a key focus area within the forthcoming  
2024-2028 sustainability program.
The key components of the 2024-2028 sustainability program 
were presented to and deliberated upon by the Supervisory 
Board and are outlined below. 
 ■ Achieve a further 70% reduction in CO2 emissions.
 ■ Establish reporting frameworks for Scope 1, 2 and 3 
reporting and disclosure.
 ■ Implement gender diversity targets at Business Group level 
for indirect staff, aiming for a 25% improvement over time 
with a minimum threshold of 33%.
 ■ Enhance supplier selection and screening by transitioning 
from basic risk assessment to integrating ESG metrics into 
the sourcing process. 
 ■ Sustain ESG ratings from EcoVadis and CDP . 
The official launch of the new sustainability program is 
anticipated in February 2024. Reference is made to the 
Sustainability review included in this Annual Integrated Report 
for detailed information about our ESG efforts.
The Supervisory Board expresses optimism regarding the 
framework of the upcoming 2024-2028 sustainability program, 
anticipating that it aligns with the reasonable expectations of 
Kendrion’s stakeholders and adheres to prevailing ESG 
standards. 
Completion of the new China manufacturing facility at S.I.P. 
in Suzhou and successful transfer of the Shanghai and 
former Suzhou production activities
Amid the challenges of the 2023 economy, our strategic focus 
revolved around three key accomplishments for our China 
operations: delivering products in line with customer 
expectations and uninterrupted by the construction of the new 
facility and the move towards that facility, completing the 
construction and initiation of production in the new plant, and 
actively pursuing fresh sales opportunities. The completion of 
the construction of the state-of-the-art 28,000m² factory in the 
91Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Executive BoardContents Profile Strategy Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Supervisory Board
REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD 

Page 92:
renowned Suzhou Industrial Park (SIP) and the commencement 
of operations at the new facility represent a noteworthy 
accomplishment. The factory embraces innovative 
technologies, incorporating artificial intelligence, robotics,  
solar power, and smart warehouse logistics. 
China’s growth ambition, rests on a robust foundation. Given 
that China stands as the world's largest automotive and electric 
vehicle (EV) market, opportunities for Kendrion’s products 
unfold in this dynamic landscape. In 2022, China successfully 
secured its first contract with a prominent Chinese vehicle 
brand, integrating Kendrion’s industrial brakes to optimize the 
seamless functioning of automated, voice-controlled car doors. 
In 2023, an additional four models were introduced, leading  
to a substantial increase in demand for our braking systems.  
The considerable nominations for Kendrion’s automotive 
products and the first cross-selling opportunities for industrial 
brakes are advancing Kendrion China toward a future of growth 
and collaborative success in China. 
The Supervisory Board commends the seamless transition of 
operations from two now-closed factories to Kendrion’s new 
and currently largest facility. The facility became operational 
swiftly and demonstrated remarkable efficiency. Moreover, the 
Supervisory Board expresses confidence in Kendrion China's 
growth ambitions, driven by the robust pipeline for Kendrion's 
Automotive products, the rapidly expanding electric vehicle (EV) 
market, and promising cross-selling opportunities for industrial 
brakes.
Sustainable advancement through further strategic 
alignment of Automotive Core and E
The division of the Automotive Group at the end of 2022 into 
two distinct units – Automotive Core and Automotive E – 
highlights the strategic agility essential for effective engagement 
and contribution to the rapidly evolving automotive 
transformation. Automotive Core will concentrate on 
REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
established technologies for vehicles with internal combustion 
engines, while Automotive E will pursue growth opportunities 
presented by the shift towards emerging forms of sustainable 
mobility. Throughout the year, the implementation of the 
organisational split continued to evolve – with reassuring 
effects. 
The performance of the Automotive Group demonstrated  
a steady upward trend. We successfully implemented price 
increases for our customers, simultaneously achieving stability 
in procurement pricing with our suppliers. This, coupled with 
improved operational efficiency in our factories and a more 
focused R&D spent in Automotive E, resulted in an 80% 
increase of normalized EBITDA to EUR 17.8 million in 2023.
The Supervisory Board fully supports the split of the Automotive 
Group and the establishment of Automotive E and Core.  
This strategic division within the Automotive Group enhances 
Kendrion’s capacity to capitalize on the shift towards 
electrification and clean energy, representing a thoroughly 
considered and well-thought-out path toward the future of 
sustainable mobility. Progressing with the organizational split  
of the Automotive Group throughout the year has positively 
influenced the performance of the Automotive Group in 2023. 
Focus points for 2024
The Supervisory Board has defined the following attention 
points for 2024:
 ■ Advancing the execution of the 2024-2028 sustainability 
program.
 ■ Intensify efforts to progress operational flexibility and 
operational leverage within Industrial Brakes.
 ■ Ramping our new Automotive E products in China in line 
with our customer’s schedule.
Meetings and attendance 
The Supervisory Board conducted eight regularly scheduled 
meetings and three extraordinary sessions throughout 2023. 
All the aforementioned Supervisory Board meetings were 
attended by the Executive Board, occasionally joined by 
members of the Management Team. Additionally, pre-
scheduled meetings without the Executive Board and 
Management Team were held before each regular Supervisory 
Board meeting. The attendance rate for regular scheduled 
Supervisory Board meetings in 2023 was 100% (2022: 100%). 
In the case of the three extraordinary meetings, Mrs. Mestrom 
was unable to attend one session.
Furthermore, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the 
Chair of the Audit Committee conducted monthly meetings with 
the CEO and CFO, respectively. The Supervisory Board also 
focused on direct interaction with the Management Team and 
other senior management. This included presentations in the 
areas of responsibility and one-on-one meetings between  
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and members of the 
Management Team. 
The agenda for the Supervisory Board meetings encompassed 
the focal items outlined above, along with recurring topics 
routinely addressed each year. These included discussions on 
operational and financial performance, advancements in the 
strategic plan, principal risks associated with operations, 
progress and milestone achievements in special projects, fraud 
and risk management, the internal control system, governance 
and compliance matters, and considerations related to the 
General Meeting of Shareholders.
 
92Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board Report of the Supervisory Board

Page 93:
Evaluation 
Throughout the year, the Supervisory Board proactively 
invested in its ongoing training, staying updated on governance 
and compliance matters. Annually, a comprehensive self-
assessment, encompassing evaluations of both the Supervisory 
Board committees and individual members, is conducted.  
In a meeting without Executive Board members, the 
Supervisory Board critically assessed its own performance, 
considering aspects such as team dynamics, competencies, 
and market knowledge. Furthermore, performance evaluations 
were conducted through a structured questionnaire completed 
by both Supervisory Board and Executive Board members.  
The questionnaire covered various aspects, including the 
composition and expertise of the Supervisory Board, the 
dynamics and functionality of both the Supervisory Board and 
its committees, the performance of individual Supervisory 
Board members, the interaction between the Supervisory 
Board and the Executive Board, and the delineation of tasks 
and responsibilities for the Supervisory Board. For the 
upcoming evaluation in 2024, the intent is to engage an 
external consultant. It is intended to retain an external 
consultant for the annual evaluation in 2024. 
The evaluation results affirmed a positive and constructive 
relationship between the Supervisory Board and the Executive 
Board. Members of the Supervisory Board consistently 
demonstrate appropriate responsibility and are esteemed for 
their dedication, expertise, and continual commitment.  
They exhibit a clear awareness of the distinct roles and 
responsibilities between the Supervisory Board and the 
Executive Board, actively seeking to uphold these distinctions. 
Areas for improvement involve further leveraging the 
Supervisory Board members’ knowledge and network 
effectively, along with an increased focus on developments  
in the field of ESG. 
REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
In Supervisory Board-only meetings, members evaluate the 
performance of both the Executive Board members. Engaging 
with the CEO and CFO, the Supervisory Board deliberates on 
performance metrics from the previous year, strategic and 
operational priorities for 2023, and opportunities for personal 
development. 
Composition 
The Supervisory Board consists of four members:  
Frits van Hout (Chairman), Everien Slijkhuis (Chair  
of the Audit Committee), Marion Mestrom (Chair of the  
HR Committee) and Erwin Doll. 
The Supervisory Board operates independently of the Executive 
Board, the Management Team, any other participating interests, 
and each other. Each of the Supervisory Board members has 
the necessary expertise, experience, and background to carry 
out his or her tasks and responsibilities. All members of the 
Supervisory Board are independent within the meaning of  
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. The members  
of the Supervisory Board satisfy the statutory requirements 
concerning the number of supervisory or non-executive 
functions that they can have with large enterprises.  
The composition of the Supervisory Board is in line with the 
Supervisory Board profile as drawn up by the Supervisory 
Board and the diversity objectives described in the Diversity 
Policy for the Supervisory Board. Both the Supervisory Board 
profile and the Diversity Policy can be found on the corporate 
website at www.kendrion.com.
The composition of the Supervisory Board reflects a balanced 
gender participation of two men and two women. 
Committees of the Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board has established two committees:  
the Audit Committee and the HR Committee. The primary  
task of the committees of the Supervisory Board is to advise  
and facilitate the Supervisory Board with respect to its 
responsibilities and to prepare decision-making by the 
Supervisory Board. The committees of the Supervisory Board 
have their own regulations, which include a detailed description 
of the committee’s tasks and responsibilities.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee uses its knowledge and expertise to 
advise on and prepare Supervisory Board’s decision-making, 
particularly concerning matters relating to Kendrion’s financing, 
financial statements, the integrity, and quality of financial and 
non-financial reporting, IT and information security, the 
effectiveness of risk management and internal controls, and  
the approach and operation of the internal audit function and 
internal audit program.
The Audit Committee consists of Everien Slijkhuis (Chair) and 
Erwin Doll. 
The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2023. Attendance 
during 2023 was 100% (2022: 100%). The CFO and the 
Internal Audit and Risk Manager attended all meetings.  
The external auditor Deloitte Accountants B.V. attended the 
meetings of the Audit Committee during which the full-year 
financial statements for 2022, the half-year financial statements 
for 2023 and the management letter were discussed. The Audit 
Committee met with the external auditor without the CFO and 
the Chair of the Audit Committee held recurring meetings with 
the Internal Audit and Risk Manager. 
93Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board Report of the Supervisory Board

Page 94:
The Audit Committee informed itself of relevant developments 
in the field of ESG and associated reporting requirements and 
in addition to regular updates provided by management during 
the Audit Committee meetings. 
The Audit Committee monitored and reviewed regular topics 
such as: the quarterly financial results, the half-year and full-
year financial statements, the auditor’s report, maintenance and 
effectiveness of the risk management framework and internal 
control system, the internal audit plan and key findings of 
internal audits performed, the external audit plan, transfer 
pricing, tax policy, treasury policy, the group insurance program, 
the speak-up procedure, legal and compliance, the annual 
evaluation of the external auditor and the annual evaluation of 
the approach and operation of the internal audit function and 
the internal audit program. 
Regular updates were provided on the maintenance and 
effectiveness of the risk management framework and internal 
control system relating to strategic, financial, operational, tax 
control and compliance matters. Kendrion monitors its internal 
controls through a systematic approach, which is supported by 
a solid risk management framework and the internal audit 
program. 
The Audit Committee also discussed tax and treasury matters, 
including Kendrion’s policies relating to transfer pricing. With 
respect to tax, the Audit Committee also monitored and 
discussed the status of pending tax audits, including the status 
of the ongoing German tax audits. 
In addition to the above, the Audit Committee monitored 
progress on the execution of the 2020-2025 IT strategic 
framework, including a comprehensive session about 
information security and information security management. 
REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Deloitte Accountants B.V. was reappointed as external auditor 
by the General Meeting of Shareholders on 12 April 2021 for  
a final term of four years up to and including the financial year 
2024. The Audit Committee monitored both the external 
auditor’s performance and the effectiveness of the external 
audit process and its independence. The Audit Committee 
approved the 2023 external audit plan, including scope and 
materiality applied. Reviews and discussions were held on the 
findings of the external auditor in its management letter and the 
actions taken to address the recommendations and 
observations made by the external auditor.  
Starting from the financial year 2025, legal requirements 
mandate the rotation of the audit firm. There are compelling 
reasons justifying an early rotation of Deloitte Accountants B.V., 
including upcoming sustainability reporting requirements  
(e.g., CSRD) applicable from the financial year 2024 onwards. 
The proposed early rotation of Deloitte Accountants B.V. is 
supported by Deloitte and there are no disagreements. 
Consequently, the Supervisory Board tasked the Audit 
Committee with initiating a tender process, inviting selected 
audit firms to submit competitive proposals. After a thorough 
tender process, the Audit Committee recommended, and the 
Supervisory Board subsequently resolved, to propose the 
appointment of Mazars Audit & Assurance by the general 
meeting of shareholders in 2024 as the statutory auditor for  
a three-year term starting from the financial year 2024. 
HR Committee 
The HR Committee consists of Marion Mestrom (Chair) and 
Frits van Hout. The HR Committee held two meetings, with an 
attendance rate of 100% (2022: 100%). The CEO attended 
both meetings. In addition to the scheduled meetings, the HR 
Committee had several informal meetings with and without  
the members of the Executive Board being present. 
Succession planning
Anticipating the conclusion of Mrs. Marion Mestrom's second 
term in 2024, the search for a new member for the Supervisory 
Board commenced early in the year. Upon concluding the 
search process, the Supervisory Board will deliberate and 
formulate a resolution to propose a candidate for appointment 
by the general meeting of shareholders. 
The Supervisory Board and the Executive Board express their 
deep appreciation to Marion Mestrom for her significant and 
invaluable contribution to Kendrion as she provided thoughtful 
guidance and oversight throughout her membership and as 
Chair of the HR Committee.
Mr. Erwin Doll was initially appointed to the Supervisory Board 
on June 24, 2020, for a four-year term ending on the day of the 
annual general meeting of shareholders in 2024. Expressing his 
availability for a second term, Mr. Doll has conveyed his 
intention to continue serving as a member of the Supervisory 
Board. The Supervisory Board is delighted to propose the 
reappointment of Erwin Doll, and this nomination will be 
presented to the general meeting of shareholders on  
April 15, 2024.
Performance management
The HR Committee considered and prepared the performance 
reviews of the members of the Executive Board for discussion 
in the Supervisory Board. The outcome of the performance 
reviews process was discussed in a Supervisory Board-only 
meeting. 
Variable remuneration 
The HR Committee agreed the financial and non-financial 
performance criteria for the short-term and long-term variable 
remuneration of the Executive Board and reviewed progress  
on these performance criteria. 
94Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board Report of the Supervisory Board

Page 95:
The Executive Board provided the HR Committee with 
information on the main components of the remuneration 
structure applying to members of the Management Team  
who are not members of the Executive Board. The variable 
remuneration of the Management Team is aligned to the 
structure of the Executive Board variable remuneration.
Financial statements and auditor’s opinion
The 2023 financial statements included in this Annual 
Integrated Report have been audited and Deloitte  
Accountants B.V. has issued an unqualified opinion.  
These were discussed with the Supervisory Board, the Audit 
Committee in the presence of the external auditor, and the 
Executive Board.  
 
The Supervisory Board is of the opinion that the 2023 financial 
statements meet all requirements for transparency and 
correctness. Therefore, the Supervisory Board recommends 
that the General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on  
15 April 2024 adopt the 2023 financial statements and  
the appropriation of net income.
This Annual Integrated Report furthermore contains a limited 
assurance report of Deloitte Accountants B.V. on selected 
sustainability performance targets.
REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Profit appropriation 
Kendrion realized a net profit of EUR 9.9 million in 2023. 
Normalized net profit before amortization1 of intangibles 
amounted to EUR 13.9 million.
The Supervisory Board approved the proposal of the Executive 
Board to pay out 50% of normalized net profit before 
amortization as dividend.
The members of the Supervisory Board have signed the 2023 
financial statements to comply with their statutory obligation 
pursuant to article 2:101, paragraph 2, of the Dutch Civil Code.
Concluding remarks
Notwithstanding challenging conditions in both the industrial 
and automotive sectors, annual turnover remained resilient. 
While the growth of the Industrial business fell short of 
expectations, the Automotive segment exceeded projections, 
demonstrating an improving and robust performance in a 
persistently challenging market. We thank the Executive Board, 
the Management Team and the entire Kendrion staff for their 
flexibility, loyalty, and commitment to perform throughout what 
has been a challenging year. We extend our appreciation to our 
shareholders for their continued trust and support. 
Supervisory Board
Frits van Hout, Chairman 
Everien Slijkhuis 
Marion Mestrom 
Erwin Doll
28 February 2024
1 Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measures, refer to reconciliation  
of non-IFRS information, starting on page 207.
95Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board Report of the Supervisory Board

Page 96:
REMUNERATION REPORT
Introduction
This Remuneration Report describes the application of the 
Remuneration Policy for the Executive Board and the actual 
performance in 2023 against the predefined performance 
criteria. In addition, the Remuneration report provides an 
overview of the remuneration of the Supervisory Board in 2023. 
Performance in 2023 
2023 was a year another marked by significant challenges due 
to the persistent geopolitical instabilities, high inflation, and 
increased interest rates. Taking account of the challenging 
market conditions, the Executive Board demonstrated 
resilience in the execution of a strategy directed at sustainable 
long term value creation. Whilst maintaining focus on the 
implementation and advancement of important strategic 
initiatives, necessary adaptations to the business were made in 
view of the difficult market circumstances, including increased 
emphasis on operational cost controls and cash management. 
Important strategic initiatives that contributed to the solid 
performance and encouraging outlook to the future include the 
progression of the previously effected split of the Automotive 
Group into separate units Automotive E and Core and the 
completion of the new high-tech manufacturing facility in 
Suzhou and swift transfer of the Shanghai and former Suzhou 
production activities to the new manufacturing facility.
In addition, required analyses were completed to finalize the 
2024-2028 ESG program. Key components of the 2024-2028 
ESG program include: 
 ■ Achieve a further 70% reduction in CO2 emissions.  
 ■ Establish reporting frameworks for Scope 1, 2 and 3 
reporting and disclosure.
 ■ Implement gender diversity targets at Business Group level 
for indirect staff, aiming for a 25% improvement over time 
with a minimum threshold of 33%.
 ■ Enhance supplier selection and screening by transitioning 
from basic risk assessment to integrating ESG metrics into 
the sourcing process. 
 ■ Sustain ESG ratings from EcoVadis and CDP .
The official introduction of the new ESG program is anticipated 
for February 2024. 
Remuneration Policy Executive Board 
The Remuneration Policy for the Executive Board has been 
developed by the Supervisory Board and adopted by the 
General Meeting of Shareholders in April 2023. 
 
The Remuneration Policy is evaluated at least once every four 
years by the Supervisory Board, and unless otherwise resolved 
by the General Meeting of Shareholders, the Remuneration 
Policy adopted by the General Meeting of Shareholders in  
April 2023 becomes applicable to (i) remuneration granted in 
the years 2024 up to and including 2027 – irrespective whether 
pay-outs and vesting of performance shares become due, 
occur or are made after 2027; and (ii) remuneration of Executive 
Board members reappointed by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders in April 2023 as of the date on which the new 
term of office of the relevant reappointed Executive Board 
member commences. 
The HR Committee will continue to keep the Supervisory Board 
informed about relevant market and legislative developments to 
support the periodic evaluation of the Remuneration Policy and 
related decision-making. For more information about Kendrion’s 
Remuneration Policy, please visit the corporate website at 
www.kendrion.com.
Remuneration objectives 
The Remuneration Policy serves to recruit and retain diverse, 
qualified, and experienced executives to deliver Kendrion’s 
sustainable long-term value creation strategy. In addition,  
the Remuneration Policy aims to maintain an adequate link 
between pay and performance and appropriately align the 
interests of the members of the Executive Board with the 
interests of shareholders – and the interests of other 
stakeholders – and focus on the sustainable delivery of high 
performance over the long-term by stimulating share ownership 
whilst adhering to the applicable standards of good corporate 
governance.
Taking account of Kendrion’s size (in terms of revenues, 
average market capitalization, total assets, and number of FTE), 
its industrial market position, geographical scope and labor 
market competition, the companies included in the AScX Index 
on Euronext Amsterdam are defined as relevant reference 
group. Financial services, real estate and movies and 
entertainment companies are excluded from the reference 
group. Within the defined reference group, Kendrion is 
positioned around the median in terms of the average of  
the abovementioned parameters revenues, average market 
capitalization, total assets, and number of FTE. The 
remuneration structure and level for the Executive Board is set 
around the median level relative to the reference group. 
The Remuneration Policy does not contain variable incentives 
that may be detrimental to the responsibilities of the Executive 
Board in defining and achieving Kendrion’s sustainable long-
term value creation strategy. 
96Annual Integrated Report 2023
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Supervisory Board

Page 97:
Temporary deviations
In exceptional circumstances, the Supervisory Board can 
decide to temporarily deviate from the Remuneration Policy for 
members of the Executive Board. Exceptional circumstances 
mean circumstances in which a deviation is considered 
necessary to serve the long-term interests and sustainability of 
Kendrion or to otherwise ensure its viability. Depending on the 
exceptional circumstances, the Supervisory Board can resolve 
to deviate from any or all the four remuneration components 
included in the Remuneration Policy for the members of the 
Executive Board. 
When considering a temporary deviation from the 
Remuneration Policy, the Supervisory Board shall consider 
Kendrion’s sustainable long-term value creation strategy, 
ongoing business, and operational requirements as well as the 
financial situation of Kendrion. In addition, the temporary 
deviation considered should be assessed in light of the 
principles of reasonableness and fairness. 
Upon having resolved a temporary deviation from the 
Remuneration Policy, the Supervisory Board will (i) cancel and 
withdraw all deviations from the Remuneration Policy prior to 
the first annual General Meeting of Shareholders following the 
effective date of the deviation; or (ii) propose the necessary 
amendments to the Remuneration Policy for adoption during 
the first annual General Meeting of Shareholders following  
the effective date of the deviation. 
Deviations from the Remuneration Policy will be reported in 
Kendrion’s remuneration policy.
The Supervisory Board did not decide to deviate temporarily 
from the Remuneration Policy for the members  
of the Executive Board in 2023. 
Remuneration components
The Remuneration Policy for members of the Executive Board 
consists of four components: a fixed base salary, a short-term 
variable remuneration, a long-term variable remuneration and 
other benefits such as a pension scheme and a car allowance 
or lease budget. 
The sum of the fixed base salary, the short-term variable 
remuneration and the long-term variable remuneration for 
members of the Executive Board are considered appropriate in 
relation to: (i) the identity, the purpose, and values of Kendrion, 
(ii) the pay-ratios within Kendrion, (iii) the (international) context 
in which Kendrion operates and (iv) reasonable views of 
relevant stakeholder groups. 
The variable remuneration components are subject to  
a maximum value determined in advance in accordance with  
the Remuneration Policy. The Supervisory Board will carry out 
scenario analyses to assess whether the pay-out level of 
variable remuneration components appropriately reflect 
performance. 
Fixed base salary 
Members of the Executive Board receive a fixed base salary, 
the amount of which is set around the median level relative to 
the abovementioned reference group. The fixed base salary 
levels can be adjusted to be decided upon by the Supervisory 
Board, based on general market movement and inflation 
figures. 
 In addition to the above, any increase of the annual fixed base 
salary up to and around the prevailing median level relative to 
the abovementioned reference group, can be decided upon by 
the Supervisory Board and will not be regarded as an 
amendment to the Remuneration Policy. 
On 27 February 2023 the Supervisory Board unanimously 
resolved to nominate Messrs. Van Beurden and Hemmen for 
reappointment as members of the Executive Board by the 
General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 April 2023. During their 
meeting on 17 April 2023, the General Meeting of Shareholders 
reappointed both Mr. Van Beurden and Mr. Hemmen for a four-
year term ending on 1 December 2027 and 1 July 2027, 
respectively. Following these reappointments and the adoption 
of the new Remuneration Policy by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders, the fixed gross salaries for the members of the 
Executive Board are as indicated in the table below. 
 2023 Annual base salary (gross) Proportionate amount (gross)
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden) EUR 550,000 – as of 1 January 2023 until expiry 2nd term on 1 December 2023 EUR 504,166.66 (i.e. 11/12th of EUR 550,000)
EUR 590,000 – as of commencement 3rd term on 1 December 2023 EUR 49,166.66 (i.e. 1/12th of EUR 590,000)
Total EUR 553,333.32 (actual)
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) EUR 335,000 – as of 1 January 2023 until expiry of 1st term on 1 July 2023 EUR 167,500 (i.e. 6/12th of EUR 335,000)
EUR 350,000 – as of commencement 2nd term on 1 July 2023 EUR 175,000 (i.e. 6/12th of EUR 350,000)
Total EUR 342,500 (actual)
97Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 98:
The table below provides an overview of the development of the annual gross base salary levels of the members of the Executive Board during previous financial years. 
 
 
2023 annual gross base salary
2022 annual  
gross base salary
2021 annual  
gross base salary
2020 annual  
gross base salary
2019 annual  
gross base salary
2018 annual  
gross base salary
2017 annual  
gross base salary
2016 annual  
gross base salary
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden) EUR 550,000 (as of 1 January 2023 until 
expiry 2nd term on 1 December 2023)
EUR 590,000  (as of commencement 3rd 
term on 1 December 2023)
EUR 553,333.32 (actual)
EUR 550,000
EUR 550,000 EUR 550,000 EUR 504,6451 EUR 490,900 EUR 474,300 EUR 465,000
 EUR 550,0002   
EUR 517,916.67 
(actual)4
EUR 508,424.583 
(actual)
  
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) EUR 335,000 (as of 1 January 2023 until 
expiry  of 1st term on 1 July 2023)
EUR 350,000 (as of commencement 2nd 
term on 1 July 2023)
EUR 342,500 (actual)
EUR 335,000
EUR 310,788 EUR 270,250 EUR 235,0005   
EUR 254,485.41 
(actual)4
EUR 117,500 
(actual)   
1 Effective until 1 December 2019.
2  Effective as of 1 December 2019 (i.e. the commencement date of the CEO’s second term).
3  The sum of EUR 462,591.25 (i.e. 11/12th of EUR 504,645) and EUR 45,833.33 (i.e. 1/12th of EUR 550,000).
4  Voluntary salary reduction of 15% during April through July 2020 inclusive and voluntary salary reduction of 10% for the month August 2020 in view of COVID-19 prompted cost measures.
5  Effective as of 1 July 2019 (i.e. the effective date of appointment to the Executive Board).
98Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 99:
Short-term variable remuneration 
The short-term variable remuneration is payable in cash,  
the amount of which is based on the achievement of 
predetermined, specific, and measurable financial and non-
financial driven performance criteria.
The overview below describes the key elements of the short-
term variable remuneration as recorded in the Remuneration 
Policy for the Executive Board.  
CEO 
 
The short-term variable remuneration ranges from 0% 
to 90% of the annual fixed gross base salary of the 
CEO, with 60% being the target amount
CFO 
 
The short-term variable remuneration ranges from 0% 
to 67.5% of the annual fixed gross base salary of the 
CFO, with 45% being the target amount
Performance criteria
The performance criteria for the short-term variable 
remuneration are based on Kendrion’s strategic intent to 
continuously grow revenue and profitability in a sustainable way. 
The performance criteria for the short-term variable 
remuneration include financial and non-financial criteria.  
The financial driven performance criteria determine 60% of  
the short-term variable remuneration and reflect the financial 
priorities of Kendrion. The remaining 40% of the short-term 
variable remuneration is determined by non-financially driven 
performance criteria and reflect sustainability/ESG ambitions 
and other priorities directly linked to Kendrion’s strategic intent. 
Financial performance criteria
 ■ The financial driven performance criteria determine 60%  
of the short-term variable remuneration. 
 ■ Each year the Supervisory Board selects at least three 
financial driven performance criteria from the list below with 
a view to incentivize delivery of financial priorities that 
support Kendrion’s strategic and operational spearheads. 
 ■ The Supervisory Board may allocate different weight 
percentages to the different financial performance criteria it 
selects for a particular year, provided a minimum weight of 
10% shall apply to a financial performance criterion. 
 ■ Financial performance criteria1
 ■ Net profit
 ■ Return on sales (ROS)
 ■ Return on investment (ROI)
 ■ Organic growth 
 ■ Free cash flow
 ■ Revenue 
 ■ EBITA
 ■ EBITDA
Non-financial performance criteria
 ■ The non-financial performance criteria determine 40%  
of the short-term variable remuneration. 
 ■ Each year the Supervisory Board selects a certain number 
of non-financial performance criteria derived from the 
strategic and operational spearheads for the respective 
performance year, which will in any event include 
performance criteria in the area of sustainability/ESG  
(i.e., environmental, social and/or governance criteria).
 ■ Achievement of each individual non-financial performance 
criterion will be measured by applying a binary scoring 
model. The amount of the pay-out for the achievement of 
non-financial performance criteria depends on the number 
of non-financial performance criteria achieved.
 ■ A predefined step curve will be applied to calculate the pay-
out between the achievement of the minimum threshold 
number of selected non-financial performance criteria and 
achievement of all selected non-financial performance 
criteria. No pay-out will be made for below threshold 
performance.
Investment 
Members of the Executive Board must invest at least 20% of 
the net amount of the pay-out of the short-term remuneration 
earned until the required ownership level has been reached as 
prescribed under Kendrion’s ‘Share ownership guideline’ of the 
Remuneration Policy.
1 In each case excluding items that are generated outside the ordinary course of business and the amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions or similar corporate events.
 ■ The performance incentive zone (threshold, target and 
maximum) for each financial performance criterion will be 
determined in advance by the Supervisory Board by 
reference to the strategic and operational spearheads for 
the respective performance year. No pay-out will be made 
for below threshold performance. In the case of 
performance equal to the threshold performance of the 
relevant performance criterion, the pay-out of the short-
term incentive will be equal to 50% of the relevant target 
amount. A linear curve will be applied to calculate the pay-
out between threshold performance and maximum 
performance.
99Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 100:
2023 short-term variable remuneration 
Within the framework of the Executive Board Remuneration 
Policy, the Supervisory Board takes an informed decision 
relevant to the variable remuneration of the members of the 
Executive Board. For the determination of the financial and 
non-financial performance criteria of the 2023 short-term 
incentive, the Supervisory Board considered – amongst others 
– the 2023 focus items as previously defined by the Supervisory 
Board; the increasing demands and complexity around ESG 
and ESG reporting and disclosure requirements, the volatile 
economic climate and trading environment; and the importance 
of long-term value creation through continued investments in 
sustainable growth areas. The 2023 focus items of the 
Supervisory Board included the finalization of the 2024-2028 
ESG strategy, completion of the new high-tech manufacturing 
facility in Suzhou and the successful transfer of production 
activities to the new facility and progressing the previously 
effected split of the Automotive Group into separate units 
Automotive E and Core. The Supervisory Board reported on  
the progression made and the key points of attention relevant 
to the 2023 focus items in the Report of the Supervisory Board 
included in this Annual Integrated Report. 
For the 2023 short-term variable remuneration, the Supervisory 
Board followed the recommendations of the HR Committee 
and selected four financial performance criteria, a non-financial 
performance criterion in the area of sustainability/ESG and 
other non-financial performance criteria that are linked to the 
Supervisory Board’s 2023 focus items and Kendrion’s strategic 
plan and operational spearheads. The 2023 financial and non-
financial performance criteria reflect the collective responsibility 
of the members of the Executive Board and make no distinction 
between the applicable performance criteria for the CEO  
and CFO. 
In 2023, the following short-term incentive target amounts 
applied to the members of the Executive Board: 
  
2023 short-term incentive  
target amount
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden) EUR 332,000 
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) EUR 137,375 
The abovementioned target amounts have been calculated as 
follows:
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden)
Annual fixed base salary (gross) Target amount Proportionate target amount 
EUR 550,000 (as of 1 January 2023 until expiry 2nd term on 1 December 2023) EUR 330,000  (i.e. 60% of EUR 550,000) EUR 302,500 (i.e. 11/12th of EUR 330,000)
EUR 590,000 (as of commencement 3rd term on 1 December 2023) EUR 354,000 (i.e. 60% of EUR 590,000) EUR 29,500 (i.e. 1/12th of EUR 354,000)
Total EUR 332,000 (i.e. sum of EUR 302,500 and EUR 29,500)
CFO (J.H. Hemmen)
Annual fixed base salary (gross) Target amount Proportionate target amount 
EUR 335,000 (as of 1 January 2023 until expiry 1st term on 1 July 2023) EUR 117,250 (i.e. 35% of EUR 335,000) EUR 58,625 (i.e. 6/12th of EUR 550,00)
EUR 350,000 (as of commencement 2nd term on 1 July 2023) EUR 157,500 (i.e. 45% of EUR 350,000) EUR 29,500 (i.e. 6/12th of EUR 157,500)
Total EUR 137,375 (i.e. sum of EUR 58,625 and EUR 78,750)
100Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 101:
For the performance year 2023, the short-term incentive 
performance criteria are allocated as follows:
Short-term remuneration as percentage of annual 
gross base salary 
Performance 
criterion Weight  Minimum At target Maximum
Financial performance criteria (60%)
ROI 15% 0 CEO 9% 13.5%
   CFO 6.75% 10.2%
ROS 15% 0 CEO 9% 13.5%
   CFO 6.75% 10.2%
EBITDA 10% 0 CEO 6% 9%
   CFO 4.5% 6.75%
Free cash flow 20% 0 CEO 12% 18%
   CFO 9% 13.5%
Non-financial performance criteria (40%)
  0 CEO 24% 36%
   CFO 18% 27%
TOTAL 100% 0 CEO 60% 90%
 100% 0 CFO 45% 67.5%
2023 short-term financial performance criteria 
In 2023, the actual performance against the financial performance criteria was as follows:  
2023 short-term incentive performance on financial performance criteria
Financial 
performance 
criterion
Pay-out as % of  
short-term incentive 
target amount
Pay-out as % of  
2023 annual gross base salary (actual)     Pay-out in EUR (gross)
 CEO (J.A.J. van 
Beurden)
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) CEO (J.A.J. van 
Beurden)
CFO (J.H. Hemmen)
ROI 63.7% 5.70% 3.81% EUR 31,540 EUR 13,050
ROS 0% 0% 0% EUR 0 EUR 0
EBITDA 0% 0% 0% EUR 0 EUR 0
Free cash flow 58.5% 7.02% 4.69% EUR 38,844 EUR 16,072.87
TOTAL  12.72% 8.50% EUR 70,384 EUR 29,123
2023 short-term non-financial performance criteria
The non-financial performance criteria for the 2023 short-term incentive recognize the collective responsibility of the Executive 
Board and are aligned to the Supervisory Board’s 2023 focus items and Kendrion’s strategic and operational spearheads.  
The table below provides a summarized description of the non-financial performance criteria. 
Summarized description 2022 non-financial performance criteria
Sustainability Completion remaining analyses to finalize the 2024-2028 ESG program ready for official launch in 2024 
Sustainability Realization relative CO2 reduction of at least 15% and relative energy reduction of at least 15% compared to 
2018 and min. of 25 supplier audits consistent with the 2019-2023 sustainability target framework  
China Completion of the new high-tech manufacturing facility in Suzhou and swift transfer of the Shanghai and former 
Suzhou production activities to the new manufacturing facility 
Automotive Group Enhance strategic positioning of Kendrion Automotive Group, amongst others by strengthening commercial 
and contractual terms for certain key-accounts and implementing appropriate adjustments to pricing grids 
Consistent with the Remuneration Policy, achievement of an individual non-financial performance criterion will be measured by 
applying a binary scoring model where a non-financial performance criterion can either be achieved or not achieved. The amount of 
the pay-out for the non-performance criteria depends on the number of non-financial performance criteria achieved. The following 
step curve is applicable for the 2023 non-financial performance criteria.
101Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 102:
The Automotive Group achieved solid revenue results – 
attributable to the successful implementation of sales price 
increases and the further strengthening of its strategic position. 
The latter also due to the advancement of the previously 
effected split of the Automotive Group in the distinct units: 
Automotive Core and E.  
Decarbonization remains key to reducing the negative impact  
of climate change and Kendrion has long been engaged in 
reducing its environmental impact. Kendrion’s production 
facilities already achieved a 56% reduction in relative CO2 
emissions from energy compared to 2015. The 15% relative 
energy consumption and CO2 reduction targets under the 
2019-2023 sustainability target framework have been widely 
achieved and measure 15.31% and 22.9%, respectively per 
year-end.  
The Supervisory Board is optimistic about the forthcoming 
2024-2028 ESG program – the development of which was 
successfully completed in 2023 – and is looking forward to  
the official introduction of the program in February 2024. 
The Supervisory Board will continue monitoring progress in  
the above-mentioned areas. Reference is made to the Report 
of the Supervisory Board included in this Annual Integrated 
Report that also substantiate performance and achievements 
realized in 2023 and the focus areas for 2024. 
During the annual performance reviews, specific attention was 
paid to the individual performance and development of the 
members of the Executive Board against the non-financial 
performance criteria as well as key competencies such as 
(change) leadership and organizational alignment and strategic 
business orientation. 
Based on the comprehensive review of the performance of  
the members of the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board 
resolved that the members of the Executive Board realized all 
four non-financial performance criteria as set under the 2023 
short-term variable remuneration. 
Consistent with the step-up curve, the score on the non-
financial performance criteria results in a pay-out of 150% of 
the short-term target amount corresponding to a pay-out of 
EUR 199,200 (gross) for the CEO and EUR 82,425 (gross) for 
the CFO, representing: 36% of the CEO’s 2023 annual gross 
base salary of EUR 553,333.32 and 24.06% of the CFO’s 2023 
annual gross base salary of EUR 342,500.  
Number of non-financial  
performance criteria achieved
Short-term  
incentive pay-out  
% of target amount 
All 4 non-financial performance criteria achieved 150%
3 out of the 4 non-financial performance criteria achieved 100%
2 out of the 4 non-financial performance criteria achieved 50%
1 out of the 4 non-financial performance criteria achieved 0%
0 out of the 4 non-financial performance criteria achieved 0%
Throughout the year, the Supervisory Board reviewed progress 
against the non-financial performance criteria and received 
detailed updates about relevant developments and actions 
taken. During the December 2023 Supervisory Board meeting, 
the Executive Board presented the accomplishments and 
advancements realized. Managing and dealing with the 
persistent challenging trading conditions forcing enhanced 
focus on – amongst others – operational cost and cash control, 
whilst at the same time implementing and advancing important 
strategic initiatives supportive to the continued pursuit of 
sustainable long-term growth opportunities, and the increasing 
demands and complexity around ESG and ESG reporting and 
disclosure requirementshave been important themes 
considered and discussed among the Supervisory Board  
and Executive Board.  
With the rapid adjustment of standing practices and the 
development of longer-term measures in response to the 
changing economic landscape, Kendrion convincingly 
demonstrated its organizational agility and resilience.  
The Executive Board appropriately anticipated and managed 
the unpredictability involved in building a new facility.  
The construction of the new high-tech manufacturing facility  
in Suzhou was successfully completed mid-year and the 
subsequent transfer of the Shanghai and former Suzhou 
production activities to the new manufacturing facility was 
swiftly finalized well before the end of 2023. 
102Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 103:
2023 pay-out short term incentive 
Overall performance resulted in the following pay-out of the short-term incentive in 2023:  
 Total pay-out 2023 short-term incentive (gross) Pay-out as % of 2023 annual gross base salary (actual)
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden) EUR 269,584  
(i.e. sum of EUR 70,384 and EUR 199,200)
48.72% of the gross annual base salary  
of EUR 553,333.32
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) EUR 111,548  
(i.e. sum of EUR 29,123 and EUR 82,425)
32.57% of the gross annual base salary  
of EUR 342,500
The table below provides an overview of the development of the pay-out under the applicable short-term incentive scheme  
of the members of the Executive Board during previous financial years.
Short-term incentive 
 
2022* 2021* 2020* 2019* 2018* 2017* 2016*
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden) EUR 267,438 
(gross)
EUR 429,000 
(gross)
EUR 358,600 
(gross)
EUR 191,282.90 
(gross)
EUR 117,816 
(gross)
EUR 170,748 (gross) based  
on 90% achievement of 2017 
performance criteria, representing 
36% of gross annual base salary 
(i.e. 36% of EUR 474,300), one-
third paid in cash and two-thirds 
awarded conditionally in shares.
EUR 180,420 (gross) based  
on 97% achievement of 2016 
performance criteria, representing 
38.80% of the gross annual base 
salary (i.e. 38.80% of  
EUR 465,000), one-third paid in 
cash and two-thirds awarded 
conditionally in shares.
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) EUR 95,023 
(gross)
EUR 141,408.80 
(gross)
EUR 102,965 
(gross)
EUR 37,012.50 
(gross)
Not applicable – effective date of appointment to the Executive Board 1 July 2019
*   Pay-out amounts calculated in accordance with the then prevailing remuneration policy. 
103Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 104:
Long-term variable remuneration 
The long-term variable remuneration component incentivizes 
members of the Executive Board to focus on long-term 
sustainable value for shareholders and other stakeholders;  
it thereby serves to align the interests of the members of the 
Executive Board with the long-term interests of shareholders 
and other stakeholder groups.
The members of the Executive Board annually receive 
conditional performance shares. The conditional performance 
shares will vest upon achievement of performance measured 
over a period of three years, including the year in which the 
conditional performance shares are granted. Vested 
performance shares are restricted by a two-year holding period 
as of vesting. 
The size of the award is defined as a percentage of the annual 
fixed gross base salary of the relevant Executive Board member 
as per the year in which the conditional performance shares are 
granted. The actual grant (i.e. the number of conditional 
performance shares) is determined by the percentage of the 
annual fixed gross base salary and calculated on the basis of 
the average share price during the fourth quarter of the year 
immediately preceding the year in which the conditional 
performance shares are granted.
The target value as per the year in which conditional 
performance shares are granted is as follows: 
CEO 60% of the annual fixed gross base salary of the CEO 
CFO 50% of the annual fixed gross base salary of the CFO 
The maximum opportunity for the long-term variable 
remuneration shall not exceed 150% of the target value.
Performance measure
The vesting percentage of the performance shares is 
conditional upon the achievement of performance measured 
as:
Weight Performance measure
40% Relative total shareholder return (relative TSR)
40% Basic earnings per share (EPS)
20% Sustainability/ESG (i.e. environmental, social and/or 
governance) 
104Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 105:
Relative TSR
To determine achievement of this performance measure, the relative TSR is measured, which 
means share price movements, including dividends and assuming dividends are reinvested.  
For the calculation of the relative TSR position, the reinvestment of cash dividend in fixed- 
income securities and the reinvestment of stock dividend in the relevant share applies.  
The TSR performance of Kendrion is measured against the performance of 20 selected  
TSR peer companies included in the table below. 
# Company Industry Country
Market value 
(EUR x 1 mln)*
1. Schneider Electric SE Electrical components France 74,653
2. Eaton Corporation plc Diversified industrials US 58,485
3. Sensata Technologies 
Holding NV
Electronic equipment: gauges and 
meters US 5,787
4. Aalbers Industries NV Electronic equipment: control and filter Netherlands 4,006
5. Emerson Electric Co Electronic equipment: other US 53,229
6. Continental AG Auto parts Germany 11,272
7. Schaeffler AG Auto parts Germany 1,057
8. TKH Group NV Electrical components Netherlands 1,568
9. Borg Warner Inc Auto parts US 8,831
10. SKF AB Metal fabricating  Sweden 6,096
11. Phoenix Mecano AG Machinery: industrial Switzerland 320
12. Grammar AG Auto parts Germany 158
13. Regal Beloit Electrical components US 7,437
14. IMI Plc Electronic equipment: control and filterUK 3,786
15. Autoneum Holding AG Auto parts Switzerland 483
16. Akwel Auto parts France 465
17. Elringklinger AG Auto parts Germany 436
18. VBG Group publ AB Auto parts Sweden 299
19. Kongsberg Automotive 
ASA
Auto parts Norway 253
20. Sogefi SpA Auto parts Italy 112
 
Identified possible replacements in case of delisting or other corporate events in respect of any  
of the above selected TSR peer companies  
 
# Company Industry Country
Market value 
(EUR x 1 mln)*
ABB Ltd Electrical components Switzerland 55,833
VAT Group AG Electronic equipment: control and filterSwitzerland 7,681
Addtech AB Electrical components Sweden 3,475
Incap Oyj Electrical components Finland 501
Katek SE Electrical components Germany 204
Freni Brembo SpA Auto parts Italy 3,489
Vitesco Technologies 
Group AG
Auto parts Germany 2,185
JOST Werke AG Auto parts Germany 788
hGears AG Auto parts Germany 75
* Per reporting date 31 December 2022
The position of Kendrion in the TSR performance peer group, upon expiry of the three-year 
performance period, determines the score for the relative TSR measure in accordance with the 
following performance incentive zone:
Ranking 1-3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11-21
Vesting 150% 137.5% 125% 112.5% 100% 83% 67% 50% 0%
 
The position of Kendrion in the ranking defines the vesting for this part of the conditional grant of 
shares. The calculation to determine Kendrion’s ranking shall be conducted by an external 
independent and reputable specialized firm. 
105Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 106:
106Annual Integrated Report 2023
REMUNERATION REPORT
EPS
EPS is disclosed in Kendrion’s consolidated financial statements 
and is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to 
shareholders of Kendrion by the weighted average number of 
shares outstanding during the relevant period, excluding ordinary 
shares purchased by Kendrion and held as treasury shares. 
Earnings are adjusted for changes in accounting principles 
during the performance period. The Supervisory Board sets the 
performance incentive zone (threshold, target and maximum) 
annually by reference to the mid-term plan as approved by the 
Supervisory Board in the year of the grant date. Given that these 
targets are considered commercially sensitive, EPS targets and 
the achieved performance are disclosed in the Annual Integrated 
Report after the relevant performance period.
The following performance incentive zone will be used to define 
the vesting for this part of the conditional grant of shares: 
 < Threshold Target Maximum
EPS 0 100% 150%
Vesting is linear between threshold performance and on target 
performance and between on-target performance and 
maximum performance.
Sustainability/ESG
The Supervisory Board will annually set a sustainability target 
that is aligned with Kendrion’s sustainability ambitions.  
The Supervisory Board sets the performance incentive zone 
(threshold, target and maximum) annually. The achieved 
performance will be disclosed in the Annual Integrated Report 
after expiry of the relevant three-year performance period. 
The following performance incentive zone will be used to define 
the vesting for this part of the conditional grant of shares: 
 < Threshold Target Maximum
Sustainability/
ESG
0 100% 150%
 
Vesting is linear between threshold performance and on target 
performance and between on-target performance and 
maximum performance.
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statementsReport of the Executive Board

Page 107:
107Annual Integrated Report 2023
2023 long-term variable remuneration 
Consistent with the applicable Remuneration Policy as adopted 
by the General Meeting Shareholders on 17 April 2023, the 
members of the Executive Board were granted conditional 
performance shares as described in the table below.
2023 annual  
gross base salary (actual) Target amount
Average share  
price Q4 2022
Conditional  
performance shares Performance period Expiry holding period
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden) EUR 553,333.32 EUR 332,000 EUR 15.07 22,030 Performance period 2023-2025 End of 2027
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) EUR 342,500 EUR 171,250 EUR 15.07 11,363 Performance period 2023-2024 End of 2027
The abovementioned target amounts have been calculated as 
follows:
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden)
Annual fixed base salary (gross) Target amount Proportionate target amount 
EUR 550,000 (as of 1 January 2023 until expiry 2nd term on 1 December 2023) EUR 330,000 (i.e. 60% of EUR 550,000) EUR 302,500 (i.e. 11/12th of EUR 330,000)
EUR 590,000 (as of commencement 3rd term on1 December 2023) EUR 354,000 (i.e. 60% of EUR 590,000) EUR 29,500 (i.e. 1/12th of EUR 354,000)
Total EUR 332,000
CFO (J.H. Hemmen)
Annual fixed base salary (gross) Target amount Proportionate target amount 
EUR 335,000 (as of 1 January 2023 until expiry 1st term on 1 July 2023) EUR 167,500 (i.e. 50% of EUR 335,000) EUR 83,750 (i.e. 6/12th of EUR 167,500)
EUR 350,000 (as of commencement 2nd term on 1 July 2023) EUR 175,000 (i.e. 50% of EUR 350,000) EUR 87,500 (i.e. 6/12th of EUR 175,000)
Total EUR 171,250
In accordance with the applicable Remuneration Policy, the 
vesting percentage of the performance shares is conditional 
upon the achievement of performance measured as relative 
TSR, EPS and a non-financial measure in the area of 
sustainability/ESG. The sustainability/ESG performance  
criteria for the 2023 long-term incentive are related to  
the advancement of supplier selection and screening by 
integrating ESG metrics into the sourcing process and 
establishing a supplier ESG performance dashboard and 
developing a standardized approach towards supplier data 
collection.  
REMUNERATION REPORT
Based on the contents and quality of the actions taken and 
strategies developed, the Supervisory Board shall determine 
performance, whereby: (i) on-target performance results in 
100%, maximum performance results in 150% vesting and 
minimum threshold performance results in 0% vesting. 
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 108:
108Annual Integrated Report 2023
2021 long-term variable remuneration
Pursuant to the 2021 long-term incentive scheme, 20,245 conditional performance shares have been granted to Joep van Beurden 
and 9,533 conditional performance shares have been granted to Jeroen Hemmen. The number of conditional performance shares 
has been calculated as follows:
 
2021 annual  
gross base salary Target amount
Average share  
price Q4 2020
Conditional  
performance shares
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden) EUR 550,000 EUR 330,000 (i.e. 60% of EUR 550,000) EUR 16.30 20,245
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) EUR 310,788 EUR 155,394 (i.e. 50% of 310,788) EUR 16.30 9,533
Consistent with the Remuneration Policy governing the 2021 long-term variable remuneration, the vesting percentage of the 
performance shares is conditional upon the achievement (during the performance period 2021-2023) of performance measured as: 
Weight Performance measure 
40% Relative total shareholder return (relative TSR)
40% Basic earnings per share (EPS)
20% Sustainability (i.e. environmental, social and/or governance) 
A summary description of the performance measure in the area of sustainability for the performance period 2021-2023 has been 
included in the table below.  
Summary description sustainability performance measure – 2021-2023
Achievement of measures in line with five-year 
roadmap containing energy efficiency and emission 
mitigation measures as part of the 2019-2023 
sustainability target framework
 ■ On target performance (i.e. 100% vesting)
 ■ Max. performance (i.e. 150% vesting)
 ■ Min. threshold performance (i.e. 0% vesting)
Vesting is linear between min. threshold performance and on-target performance and between on-target performance and max. 
performance. 
REMUNERATION REPORT
TSR and EPS 
When measuring the relative TSR (i.e., share price movements, 
including dividends assuming dividends are reinvested), the 
position of Kendrion within the predefined TSR performance 
peer group, as stipulated by the Remuneration Policy for the 
2021 long-term variable remuneration, is ten. As per the 
Remuneration Policy governing the 2021 long-term variable 
remuneration, the tenth position leads to a 0% vesting. 
Based on the EPS performance incentive zones determined by 
the Supervisory Board by reference to the 2021 mid-term plan, 
the actual 2023 EPS falls below the predetermined minimum 
threshold performance level and therefore leads to a 0% 
vesting.
Sustainability/ESG – five-year energy and  
CO2 roadmap  
 
The five-year roadmap containing energy efficiency and 
emission mitigation measures that has been developed as part 
of the 2019-2023 sustainability target framework aims to 
achieve a 15% relative reduction of energy consumption and 
CO2 emission by the end of 2023. 
As per the end of 2023 a relative reduction of energy 
consumption of 15.31% has been achieved compared with 
2018, and a relative reduction of CO2 emission of 22.9% 
compared with 2018 has been achieved. Since 2015 a relative 
reduction of CO2 emissions – mostly from energy by production 
plants – of 56% has been achieved. Through the accelerated 
investment in and implementation of reduction measures, both 
the energy efficiency and CO2 emission target have been 
achieved. 
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 109:
109Annual Integrated Report 2023
This achievement justifies on-target performance under the 
2021 long-term incentive scheme for the sustainability/ESG 
performance measure and thereby results in 100% vesting  
of 20% of the target-value. For Joep van Beurden 4,049 
performance shares have vested and for Jeroen Hemmen 
1,906 performance shares have vested for the achievement  
of the sustainability performance measure. 
This means that under the 2021 long-term incentive, a total 
number of 4,049 shares have vested for Joep van Beurden  
and a total number of 1,906 shares have vested for Jeroen 
Hemmen.  
The vested shares remain subject to a holding period until  
the end of 2025. 
In accordance with the long-term incentive plan, Joep van 
Beurden and Jeroen Hemmen will be entitled to accrued 
dividends for each of the 4,049 and 1,906, respectively, vested 
shares. Accrued dividends will – in accordance with the long-
term incentive plan – be paid in cash. 
Development long-term incentive 
The table below provides an overview of the development of 
the conditional share awards under the long-term incentive 
scheme for the members of the Executive Board during 
previous financial years. The table also specifies the expiry  
of vesting periods and holding periods for conditional shares 
awarded. 
 
Long-term 
incentive 
2022 
number 
of shares
Expiry 
vesting 
period
2021  
number  
of shares
Expiry
vesting 
period
  
holding 
period
2020 
number  
of shares
Expiry
vesting 
period 
  
holding  
period
2019  
number  
of shares
Expiry
vesting  
period 
  
holding  
period
2018  
number  
of shares
Expiry
vesting  
period 
  
holding  
period
2017  
number  
of shares
Expiry
vesting  
period 
  
holding  
period
2016  
number  
of shares
Expiry
vesting  
period
  
holding  
period
CEO (J.A.J. 
van Beurden)
16,465 End of 
2024
20,245 End of 
2023
End of 
2025
  16,533 End of 
2022
End of 
2024
  11,559 End of 
2021
End of 
2023
  6,960 End of 
2020
End of 
2022
  3,383 End of 
2019
End of 
2021
  3,970 End of 
2018
End of 
2020
CFO (J.H. 
Hemmen)
6,740 End of 
2024
9,533 End of 
2023
End of 
2025
  6,769 End of 
2022
End of 
2024
  2,409 End of 
2021
End of 
2023
  Not applicable – effective date of appointment to the Executive Board 1 July 2019
REMUNERATION REPORT
Pension arrangement and other benefits 
Members of the Executive Board participate in the defined 
contribution pension scheme. Kendrion N.V. will pay: (i) the cost 
of contributions for participation in the defined contribution 
scheme; (ii) the risk premium for the surviving dependents’ 
pension (nabestaandenpensioen) and (iii) the cost of 
contributions for participation in the occupational disability 
insurance (including WIA excedentverzekering) (collectively  
the “Pension and Disability Insurance Contribution”). In addition, 
members of the Executive Board are entitled to an annual gross 
allowance to compensate for the loss of accrual of pension 
benefits because of the Dutch Wage Tax Act, provided that the 
sum of the Pension and Disability Insurance Contribution and 
such annual allowance shall annually not exceed an amount of 
EUR 75,000. This amount may be adjusted based on market 
developments.
No schemes have been agreed for the voluntary early 
retirement of members of the Executive Board.
Kendrion maintains a car lease policy for members of the 
Executive Board. The lease budget (including fuel) is EUR 2,000 
per month. Alternatively, members of the Executive Board are 
entitled to a monthly gross car allowance of EUR 2,000.
In addition, Kendrion pays a monthly expense allowance to 
members of the Executive Board of up to EUR 450, to cover 
costs that are not suitable for individual reimbursement.
The amount of the car allowance and the expense allowance 
are not included as a basis for calculation of the Pension and 
Disability Insurance Contribution, or any other (variable) 
remuneration or allowance, severance amount or benefit.
Kendrion has arranged for a directors’ and officers’ liability 
insurance. The costs for this insurance are for the account  
of Kendrion.
The Executive Board participates in the defined contribution 
plan of Kendrion. The pension contribution in 2023 was  
EUR 75,000 (2022: EUR 75,000) for the CEO and  
EUR 75,000 (2022: EUR 69,000) for the CFO. In 2023 Kendrion 
provided the CFO with a car allowance in the monthly gross 
amount of EUR 2,000. 
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 110:
110Annual Integrated Report 2023
Share ownership guideline 
An objective of the Remuneration Policy is to appropriately align 
the interests of the members of the Executive Board with the 
interests of shareholders by encouraging share ownership.  
As per the Remuneration Policy adopted by the General 
Meeting of Shareholders on 17 April 2023, Kendrion applies a 
share ownership guideline for members of the Executive Board 
of 100% of the annual fixed gross base salary for the CEO  
and 50% of the annual fixed gross base salary for the CFO. 
This shareholding must be gradually built up with performance 
shares earned under the long-term incentive, although it is 
permitted to sell shares to finance taxes due at the date of 
vesting of the performance shares, and by purchasing shares 
with at least 20% of the net amount of the pay-out of the short-
term incentive. However – during the General Meeting of 
Shareholders held on 17 April 2023 – a commitment was made 
to propose a further adjustment to the share ownership 
guideline during the first next General Meeting of Shareholders 
in 2024. The additional amendment comprises:
 ■ A share ownership requirement for the CEO of 200% of  
the annual fixed gross base salary of the CEO (as opposed 
to 100% of the annual fixed gross base salary).
 ■ A share ownership requirement for the CFO of 100% of  
the annual fixed gross base salary of the CFO (as opposed 
to 50% of the annual fixed gross base salary).
 ■ The shareholding must be gradually built up with 
performance shares earned under the long-term incentive, 
although it is permitted to sell shares to finance taxes due 
at the date of vesting of the performance shares, and by 
purchasing shares with at least 50% (as opposed to 20%) 
of the net amount of the pay-out of the short-term 
incentive.
Although the abovementioned adjustments will be proposed to 
the General Meeting of Shareholders for adoption on 15 April 
2024, the management agreements with the current members 
of the Executive Board covering the third term for the CEO and 
the second term of the CFO, include the abovementioned 
share ownership requirements and provisions. 
Policy in case of change of control 
Unvested performance shares awarded shall be deemed 
vested as per the date of the change of control assuming on 
target performance, subject to: (i) pro rating to reflect the 
proportion of the normal performance period that has elapsed 
as per the date of the change of control, and (ii) the 
discretionary authority of the Supervisory Board to determine 
otherwise, should such deemed vesting of performance shares 
result in unreasonable or unequitable remuneration.
Adjustment and claw back
The Supervisory Board is authorized to adjust the amount  
of the short-term and long-term variable remuneration to an 
appropriate level should payment thereof result in unreasonable 
or unequitable remuneration. In addition, a so-called claw-back 
provision applies by which the Supervisory Board has the 
authority to recover in whole or in part short-term and long-
term variable remuneration awarded to members of the 
Executive Board should it transpire that such variable 
remuneration was unjustifiably awarded based on incorrect 
information. 
Other key elements 
Term and termination 
Management agreements with members of the Executive 
Board are entered for a definite period of four years.  
The management agreement may be terminated with due 
observance of a notice period of six months. Kendrion is 
entitled to terminate the management agreement with 
immediate effect for cause (i.e., seriously culpable or negligent 
behavior on the part of the Executive Board member).
Termination fee
In the event of termination of the management agreement on 
Kendrion’s initiative, the termination fee for members of the 
Executive Board shall not exceed 100% of the annual fixed 
gross base salary (i.e. excluding short-term and long-term 
incentive and other elements such as pension contributions). 
The members of the Executive Board are not entitled to  
a termination fee if the contract is terminated for cause  
(i.e. seriously culpable or negligent behavior on the part of  
the Executive Board member) or if the contract is terminated  
at the initiative of the Executive Board member.
Pay ratio
The Executive Board to employee pay-ratio is approximately 14 
(2022: 15). This pay ratio is based on the average of the 2023 
Executive Board remuneration including pensions and other 
expenses and the average wage costs per FTE in 2023 as 
disclosed on pages 65-66 of this Annual Integrated Report.
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 111:
111Annual Integrated Report 2023
Remuneration Policy Supervisory Board 
Objectives 
The remuneration policy of the Supervisory Board serves to 
recruit and retain diverse, qualified, and experienced members 
to supervise the manner in which the Executive Board 
implements Kendrion’s long-term value creation strategy. 
Considering the nature of the supervisory responsibilities of the 
Supervisory Board, the remuneration is not linked to Kendrion’s 
performance, and therefore includes a fixed component only.  
In line with good corporate governance, Supervisory Board 
members will not receive a share-based incentive.
The remuneration of the Supervisory Board shall be as 
described in the table below. The base fee and committee fee 
levels in the table below are the same as determined by the 
General Meeting of Shareholders on 11 April 2022.  
Base fee 
Chairman Supervisory Board EUR 59,000
Member Supervisory Board EUR 41,800
Committee fee 
Chair Audit Committee EUR 7,200
Member Audit Committee EUR 6,000
Chair HR Committee EUR 7,200
Member HR Committee EUR 6,000
Expenses
All reasonable and documented expenses incurred by the 
Supervisory Board members in the course of performing their 
duties are reimbursed.
Benefits and loans
Members of the Supervisory Board are not eligible to participate 
in any benefits scheme offered by Kendrion to its employees, 
nor shall Kendrion provide loans.
The aggregate amount of the remuneration of the  
Supervisory Board members in 2023 was EUR 214,883 (2022: 
EUR 210,800). The table below gives a breakdown of the 
remuneration in 2022 per Supervisory Board member. 
Supervisory Board member 2023
F.J. van Hout (Chairman) EUR  65,000 
M.J.G. Mestrom EUR  49,000
J.T.M. van der Meijs EUR  16,333
E.H. Slijkhuis EUR  36,750
E.M. Doll EUR 47,800
Total EUR 214,883
Advisory vote remuneration report 2022
The remuneration report 2022 has been discussed with the 
shareholders and put to the General Meeting of Shareholders 
for an advisory vote during the annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders held on 17 April 2023. Of the votes cast, 99.18% 
voted in favor of the 2022 remuneration report. Supported by 
this advisory vote, the Executive Board and the Supervisory 
Board considered that no substantive changes are needed 
relevant to the application of the Remuneration Policy.  
The voting results of the General Meeting of Shareholders held 
on 17 April 2023 can be found on the corporate website at 
www.kendrion.com. 
Taking account of the content of this 2023 Remuneration 
Report, it is determined that the aggregate amount of 
remuneration awarded is in line with the Remuneration  
Policy and contributes to the performance of Kendrion and  
the execution of its long-term value creation strategy. 
 
This 2023 Remuneration Report will be discussed with 
shareholders and put to the General Meeting of Shareholders 
for an advisory vote during the upcoming annual General 
Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 15 April 2024.
Remuneration components 2023
(in EUR) CEO % CFO %
Base salary  553,333 58.11%  342,500 61.64%
Short term incentive  269,584 28.31% 111,548 20.07%
Long term incentive  48,912 5.14%  23,024 4.14%
Pension contribution  75,000 7.88% 75,000 13.50%
Other  5,400 0.57%  3,600 0.65%
Total compensation  952,229 100% 555,672 100%
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 112:
112Annual Integrated Report 2023
Executive Board remuneration comparative
EUR Thousand 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
J.A.J. van Beurden, CEO 951.4 1,153.0 1,118.0 984.2 853.5
J.H. Hemmen, CFO 555.0 632.0 565.8 450.4 189.4
Pay ratio 14 15 15 18 14
Company performance
Revenue (EUR million) 518.6 519.3 464.0 396.4 412.4
Normalized EBITDA (EUR million) 53.1 57.4 55.8 44.6 43.8
Normalized EBITDA margin 10.2% 11.1% 12.0% 11.3% 10.6%
 
Supervisory Board remuneration comparative 
 2023 2022 2021
2020 (excl. fee 
reduction) 2019 2018 2017 2016
Base fee
Chairman Supervisory Board EUR 59,000 EUR 59,000 EUR 45,000 EUR 45,000 EUR 45,000 EUR 45,000 EUR 45,000 EUR 40,000
Member Supervisory Board EUR 41,800 EUR 41,800 EUR 35,000 EUR 35,000 EUR 35,000 EUR 35,000 EUR 35,000 EUR 30,000
Committee fee
Chair Committee EUR 7,200 EUR 7,200 EUR 6,000 EUR 6,000 EUR 6,000 EUR 6,000 EUR 6,000 EUR 5,000
Member Committee EUR 6,000 EUR 6,000 EUR 5,000 EUR 5,000 EUR 5,000 EUR 5,000 EUR 5,000 EUR 5,000
Total Supervisory Board remuneration EUR 210,800 EUR 210,800 EUR 172,000 EUR 172,000 EUR 172,000 EUR 172,000 EUR 172,000 EUR 150,000
REMUNERATION REPORT
Contents Profile Strategy Report of the Executive Board Outlook Report of the Supervisory Board Financial statements

Page 113:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 113
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 113
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTENTS
114 Consolidated statement of financial position  
at 31 December 
115 Consolidated statement of profit and loss and 
other comprehensive income
116 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
118 Consolidated statement of cash flows 
119 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
142 Property, plant and equipment
145 Intangible assets
148 Other investments, including derivatives
148 Deferred tax assets and liabilities
151 Contract costs
151 Inventories
151 Trade and other receivables
152 Cash and cash equivalents
152 Assets classified as held for sale
152 Capital and reserves
154 Earnings per share
156 Loans and borrowings
158 Employee benefits
162 Provisions
162 Contract liabilities
163 Trade and other payables
163 Financial instruments
173 Leases
173 Capital commitments
173 Contingent assets and liabilities
174 Operating segments
176 Staff costs
176 Other operating expenses
177 Net finance costs
177 Income tax
177 Reconciliation of effective tax rate
178 Related parties
180 Other notes
180 Post-balance sheet events
181 Company balance sheet at 31 December
182 Company income statement
183 Notes to the company financial statements
183 General
183 Principles of valuation of assets and liabilities  
and determination of results
183 Financial fixed assets
183 Receivables
184 Equity
185 Current liabilities 
185 Financial instruments
185 Other income 
186 Staff costs
186 Profit appropriation
186 Commitments not appearing on the balance sheet
187 Post-balance sheet events
187 Fees to the auditor
187 Remuneration of and share ownership  
by the Executive Board and Supervisory Board

Page 114:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 114
Home
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AT 31 DECEMBER
Note EUR million 2023 2022
 Equity and liabilities
10, 11 Equity
Share capital 30.6  30.2 
Share premium 37.3  38.4 
Reserves 94.2  152.7 
Retained earnings 9.9  (46.3) 
Total equity 1 172.0  175.0 
Liabilities
12 Loans and borrowings 153.2  166.6 
13 Employee benefits 8.7  10.7 
4 Deferred tax liabilities 19.0  17.5 
14 Provisions 0.7  0.7 
Total non-current liabilities 181.6  195.5 
8 Bank overdraft 7.1  3.1 
12 Loans and borrowings 5.3  8.4 
14 Provisions –  1.3 
Current tax liabilities 7.4  10.3 
15 Contract liabilities 4.4  4.7 
16 Trade and other payables 84.5  78.3 
Total current liabilities 108.7  106.1 
Total liabilities 290.3  301.6 
Total equity and liabilities 462.3  476.6 
 
Note EUR million 2023 2022
 Assets
Non-current assets
1 Property, plant and equipment 134.5  131.6 
2 Intangible assets 125.8  126.5 
3 Other investments, including 
derivatives 0.5  0.4 
4 Deferred tax assets 20.1  19.7 
5 Contract costs 0.6  0.3 
Total non-current assets 281.5  278.5 
Current assets
6 Inventories 87.4  85.1 
Current tax assets 5.7  2.8 
7 Trade and other receivables 65.2  70.5 
8 Cash and cash equivalents 20.6  37.8 
9 Assets classified as held for sale 1.9  1.9 
Total current assets 180.8  198.1 
Total assets 462.3  476.6 
1  Equity is attributable to owners of the company as non-controlling interests are not applicable. 

Page 115:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 115
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
1  This item will never be reclassified to profit or loss. 
2  These items may be reclassified to profit or loss. 
3  All profits are attributable to owners of the company as non-controlling interests are not applicable.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Note EUR million 2023 2022
Other comprehensive income
13 Remeasurements of defined benefit plans1 0.4  1.5 
10 Foreign currency translation differences for  
foreign operations2
(4.8)  1.8 
10 Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges,  
net of income tax2
(1.5)  1.6 
Other comprehensive income for the period,  
net of income tax (5.9)
 
 4.9 
Total comprehensive income for the period 3 4.0  (41.4) 
11 Basic earnings per share (EUR),  
based on weighted average 0.65  (3.09) 
11 Basic earnings per share (EUR),  
based on weighted average (diluted) 0.64  (3.05) 
Note EUR million 2023 2022
21 Revenue 518.5  519.3 
Other income 0.1  0.5 
Total revenue and other income  518.6  519.8 
Changes in inventories of finished goods and work  
in progress 0.6  1.8 
Raw materials and subcontracted work 275.1  268.7 
22 Staff costs 151.5  153.6 
Depreciation and amortization 26.8  28.0 
1, 2 Impairments of fixed assets 0.1  58.7
23 Other operating expenses 40.7 43.6
Result before net finance costs 23.8  (34.6) 
24 Finance income 0.2  0.0 
24 Finance expense (10.1)  (5.1)
Profit before income tax 13.9  (39.7) 
25, 26 Income tax expense (4.0)  (6.6)
Profit for the period 9.9  (46.3) 

Page 116:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 116
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
 
Note
 
EUR million
Share  
capital
Share  
premium
Translation  
reserve
Hedge  
reserve
Reserve for  
own shares
Other  
reserves
Retained 
 earnings
Total  
equity
Balance at 1 January 2022 29.9 45.8 7.6 0.2 (1.9) 127.0 14.4 223.0 
Total comprehensive income for the period
Loss for the period – – – – – –  (46.3)  (46.3) 
Other comprehensive income
13 Remeasurements of defined benefit plans – – – – –  1.5 –  1.5 
10 Foreign currency translation differences  
for foreign operations – –  1.8 – – – –  1.8 
10 Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges,  
net of income tax – – –  1.6 – – –  1.6 
Other comprehensive income for the period,  
net of income tax
 
– 
 
– 
 
 1.8 
 
 1.6 
 
– 
 
 1.5 
 
– 
 
 4.9 
Total comprehensive income for the period  – –  1.8  1.6 –  1.5  (46.3)  (41.4) 
Transactions with owners, recorded  
directly in equity
10 Issue of ordinary shares  0.3  2.8  –   –   –   –   –   3.1 
Share-based payment transactions  –   –   –   –   0.1  0.4  –   0.5 
10 Dividends to equity holders  –   (10.2)  –   –   –   –   –   (10.2)
10 Appropriation of retained earnings  –   –   –   –   –   14.4  (14.4)  –  
Balance at 31 December 2022  30.2  38.4  9.4  1.8  (1.8)  143.3  (46.3)  175.0 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Page 117:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 117
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
 
Note
 
EUR million
Share  
capital
Share  
premium
Translation  
reserve
Hedge  
reserve
Reserve for  
own shares
Other  
reserves
Retained 
 earnings
Total  
equity
Balance at 1 January 2023  30.2  38.4  9.4  1.8  (1.8)  143.3  (46.3)  175.0 
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit for the period – – – – – – 9.9 9.9
Other comprehensive income
13 Remeasurements of defined benefit plans – – – – – 0.4 – 0.4
10 Foreign currency translation differences  
for foreign operations
– – (4.8) – – – – (4.8)
10 Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges,  
net of income tax – – – (1.5) – – – (1.5)
Other comprehensive income for the period,  
net of income tax
 
–  
 
  –
 
 (4.8)
 
 (1.5)
 
 – 
 
0.4 
 
–  
 
(5.9) 
Total comprehensive income for the period   –   – (4.8)  (1.5)   – 0.4 9.9 4.0
Transactions with owners, recorded  
directly in equity
10 Issue of ordinary shares 0.4 2.7 – – – (0.0) – 3.1
10 Treasury shares issued – – – – 0.8 (0.0) – 0.8
Share–based payment transactions – – – – 1.0 (1.0) – 0.0
10 Dividends to equity holders – (3.8) – – – (7.1) – (10.9)
10 Appropriation of retained earnings – – – – – (46.3) 46.3 –
Balance at 31 December 2023  30.6 37.3  4.6 0.3 – 89.3 9.9 172.0 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)

Page 118:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 118
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Note EUR million 2023 2022
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit / (loss) for the period 9.9 (46.3) 
Adjustments for:
25 Net finance costs 9.9 5.1 
26 Income tax expense 4.0 6.6 
1, 2 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and 
software 23.6 23.3 
2 Amortization of other intangible assets 3.2 4.7 
1, 2 Impairments of fixed assets 0.1 58.7 
Share-based payments 0.0  0.5 
50.7 52.6 
Change in trade and other receivables 2.7 (3.2) 
Change in inventories (3.5) (5.0)
Change in trade and other payables 6.7 3.1 
Change in provisions (2.7) (0.5)
Change in contract liabilities (0.3) 0.2 
53.6 47.2 
Interest paid (8.4) (4.1)
Interest received 0.2 0.0 
Tax paid (9.0) (5.2)
Net cash flows from operating activities 36.4 37.9 
Note EUR million 2023 2022
Cash flows from investing activities
1 Investments in property, plant and equipment (23.9)  (32.0)
1 Disinvestments of property, plant and equipment 1.1  0.2 
2 Investments in intangible fixed assets (6.4)  (5.7)
2 Disinvestments of intangible fixed assets 0.1  0.0 
3 Investments of other investments (0.5)  (0.4)
Net cash from investing activities (29.6) (37.9)
Cash flows from financing activities
12 Payment of lease liabilities (3.2)  (3.3)
(Repayments of) / proceeds from borrowings (non- 
current) (14.4)  30.8 
12 (Repayments of) / proceeds from borrowings (current) (3.1)  1.7
10 Dividends paid (7.1)  (7.1)
Net cash from financing activities (27.8) 22.1 
Change in cash and cash equivalents (21.0) 22.1 
8 Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 34.7 12.5 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held (0.2) 0.1 
8 Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December  13.5 34.7 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Page 119:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 119
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Reporting entity 
Kendrion N.V. (the ‘Company’) is domiciled in the Netherlands. The Company’s registered office is at Herikerbergweg 213, 1101 CN Amsterdam. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries 
(together also referred to as the ‘Group’). The Group is involved in the design and manufacture of intelligent actuators that are used in wind turbines, 
robots, factory automation, energy distribution, and industrial heating processes, and of innovative solutions for automotive focused on sound systems, 
smart suspension valves and sensor cleaning. 
Basis of preparation 
 
Statement of compliance 
The consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2023 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) and IFRS IC interpretations (IFRIC), published by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) as adopted by the European Union 
(hereinafter referred to as EU-IFRS) and in accordance with the legal requirements of Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The Company financial 
statements are integrated part of the 2023 financial statements of Kendrion N.V. 
 
The financial statements were authorized for issue by the Executive Board on 28 February 2024. 
 
Basis of measurement 
The financial statements are presented in millions of euros, the euro also being the Group’s functional currency. 
 
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except that: 
 ■ derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value; 
 ■ the defined benefit liability is recognized as net total of plan assets and present value of the defined benefit obligations; 
 
The Executive Board had, at the time of approving the financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Group have adequate resources to 
continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the financial 
statements.
The methods used to measure the fair values are disclosed in note r. In preparing these consolidated financial statements, the Executive Board has 
made judgements and estimates that affect the application of the Group’s accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income 
and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
estimates are recognized prospectively. 
 
Executive Board made critical judgements in the process of applying Group’s accounting policies and have the most significant effect on the amounts 
recognized in the consolidated financial statements, see notes: 
 ■ note 2 – goodwill impairment testing; 
(a)
(b)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page 120:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 120
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
 ■ note 6 – inventories. 
In preparing these consolidated financial statements, the Executive Board has made judgements and estimates that affect the application of the Group’s 
accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and 
underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to estimates are recognized prospectively. Executive Board made critical 
judgements in the process of applying Group’s accounting policies and have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated 
financial statements, see notes:  note 2 – goodwill impairment testing;  note 6 – inventories.  
Executive Board made estimations concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period,  
that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year. 
 ■ note 2 – management forecast and growth rate of each cash-generating unit to determine whether goodwill is impaired; 
 ■ note 2 – management forecast of cashflows to determine whether customer relations are impaired;
 ■ note 4 – management forecast of profit before tax for utilisation of tax losses; 
 ■ note 4 – outcome of tax audits; 
 ■ note 6 – valuation of inventories; 
 ■ note 7 – valuation of customer claims;
 ■ note 13 – valuation of defined benefit obligations; 
 ■ note 14 – provisions; 
 ■ note 18 – leases. 
   
Due to the impact on climate change supported by various legislative initiatives, the automotive industry is transitioning from combustion engine vehicles 
to electric and hybrid vehicles, which impacts the Groups Automotive business. The imminent phase out of existing technologies has impacted the 
accounting estimates around the valuation of goodwill. The economic life and valuation of the tangible fixed assets is not impacted by this changed 
outlook. On the other hand the transition towards electrification in automotive and the broader energy transition poses opportunities for the Group to 
develop new strategically relevant products and secure profitable growth for the future.
Significant accounting policies 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements  
and by the entities within the Group. 
  
Basis of consolidation 
Business combinations 
No business combination or acquisition of non-controlling interest occurred in 2023. 
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method at the acquisition date, which is the date on which control is transferred  
to the Group. Control refers to the authority to govern the financial and operating policies of an entity to obtain benefits from its activities.  
When assessing control, the Group takes into consideration potential voting rights that are currently exercisable. 
(a)
(i)

Page 121:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 121
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The Group measures goodwill at the acquisition date as: 
 ■  the fair value of the consideration transferred; plus 
 ■ the recognized amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree; plus 
 ■ if the business combination is realized in stages, the fair value of the pre-existing equity interest in the acquiree; less 
 ■ the net recognized amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
If the excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognized immediately in comprehensive income (hereafter also referred to as ‘profit  
or loss’). The consideration transferred does not include amounts relating to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such amounts  
are generally recognized in profit or loss. 
Transactions costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities that the Group incurs in connection with a business 
combination are expensed as incurred. 
Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity, then  
it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration  
are recognized in profit or loss. 
 
When share-based payment awards (replacement awards) are required to be exchanged for awards held by the acquirees employees (acquirees 
awards) and relate to past services, then all or part of the amount of the acquirer’s replacement awards is included when measuring the consideration 
transferred in the business combination. This determination is based on the market-based value of the replacement awards as compared to the market-
based value of the acquirees awards and the extent to which the replacement awards relate to past and/or future service. 
  
Subsidiaries 
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity if it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from  
its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are 
included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences, until the date that control ceases. The shares of third parties  
in shareholders’ equity and results are stated separately. The accounting policies of subsidiaries are changed, where necessary, to align them with the 
policies adopted by the Company. 
 
Transactions eliminated on consolidation 
Intragroup balances and transactions, as well as any unrealized gains and losses or income and expenses arising from intragroup transactions,  
are eliminated when preparing the consolidated financial statements. 
(ii)
(iii)

Page 122:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 122
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Foreign currency 
Foreign currency transactions 
Transactions expressed in non-euro zone currencies are translated into euros at exchange rates at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and 
liabilities denominated in non-euro zone currencies at the reporting date are translated into euros at the exchange rate at that date. 
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-euro zone currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated at the exchange rate  
at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-euro zone currencies that are measured at fair value are 
translated in euros at the exchange rates when the fair value was determined. Currency differences on foreign currency transactions are recognized  
in profit or loss, except loans considered to be part of the net investment, or qualifying cash flow hedges to the extent the hedges are effective. 
 
Translation of foreign currency financial statements 
Translation of foreign currency financial statements depends on the functional currency of the company concerned. The closing rate method is applied  
if the functional currency of the company is other than the euro. With this method, assets and liabilities of non-euro zone operations, including goodwill 
and fair value adjustments arising at the time of acquisition, are translated into euros at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses 
of non-euro zone operations are translated into euros at rates approximating the exchange rates at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency 
translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the translation reserve, which is a component of equity. 
On the partial or complete sale of a foreign operation, the related amount is transferred from the translation reserve to profit or loss. 
 
Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from or payable to a non-euro zone operation, of which the settlement  
is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of a net investment in a non-euro zone operation and are recognized 
directly in equity, in the translation reserve. 
  
Property, plant and equipment 
Owned assets 
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost or assumed cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses  
(see accounting policy g). The cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed assets 
includes the cost of materials, direct labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and reinstating  
the site on which they are located, a reasonable proportion of production overheads, and capitalized borrowing costs. 
 
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items of property, plant  
and equipment. 
  
Lease 
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the 
right to control the use of an identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to 
control the use of an identified asset, the Group uses the definition of a lease in IFRS 16. 
(b)
(i)
(ii)
(c)
(i)
(ii)

Page 123:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 123
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each 
lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone process. However, the Group elects not to separate non-lease components from lease 
components, and instead account for each lease component and any associated non-lease component as a single lease component for only the 
following class of underlying asset: plant and equipment and other fixed assets. 
If individual leases have similar characteristics (e.g. vehicles leased in one location from one lessor) the Group may apply the portfolio application as  
a practical expedient. 
 
The Group shall combine two or more contracts entered into at or near the same time with the same counterparty, and account for the contracts as  
a single contract if one or more of the following criteria are met: 
 ■ The contracts are negotiated as a package with an overall commercial objective that cannot be understood without considering the contracts 
together; or 
 ■ The amount of consideration to be paid in one contract depends on the price or performance of the other contract; or 
 ■ The rights to use underlying assets conveyed in the contracts (or some rights to use underlying assets conveyed in each of the contracts) form  
a single lease component. 
 
The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, 
which comprise the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement data, plus any initial direct 
costs incurred. 
 
The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful 
life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same bases as those of 
owned assets. The right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. 
 
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the 
interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its 
incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. 
 
The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources and makes certain adjustments 
to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased. 
 
Lease liability might include: 
 ■ Fixed lease payments; 
 ■ Amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; 

Page 124:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 124
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
 ■ Exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group  
is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not  
to terminate early. 
 
The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a change in future 
lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or in the Group’s assessment of exercising a purchase, extension or termination option. 
 
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset or is recorded  
in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero. 
When there is a change in the scope of a lease, or the consideration for a lease, that was not part of the original terms and conditions of the lease,  
this is a lease modification and can result in a separate lease or a change in an existing lease. 
 
If a lease modification qualifies as a change in the accounting for the existing lease then the Group shall remeasure the lease liability based on  
the present value of the revised lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses  
the incremental borrowing rate at the effective date of the modification. When lease modifications fully or partially decrease the scope of the lease,  
the Group decreases the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset to reflect partial or full termination of the lease. Any difference is recognized  
in profit or loss at the effective date of the modification. 
  
Subsequent costs 
The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the item if it is probable that the future 
economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Group, and its cost can be reliably measured. The carrying amount of the replaced part  
is derecognized. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognized as an incurred charge in profit or loss. 
 
Depreciation 
Depreciation is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of each component of property, plant and equipment.  
Land is not depreciated. 
 
Leased assets are depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life or the end  
of the lease term. 
 
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually. 
  
Recognition of transaction results 
Gains and losses on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are accounted for in other operating income/other expenses in the statement  
of comprehensive income. 
 
(iii)
(iv)
(v)

Page 125:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 125
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Intangible assets 
Goodwill 
Goodwill that arises upon acquisition of a subsidiary is included in intangible assets. For the measurement of goodwill at initial recognition, see note a. 
 
Goodwill is carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units and is not amortized but is tested 
annually for impairment (see note g). 
 
Negative goodwill arising on an acquisition is recognized directly in profit or loss. 
 
Research and development 
Research and development expenses comprise expenditure on research and development and expenses for customer-specific applications, prototypes 
and testing. 
 
Expenditure on research activities undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and understanding is recognized  
in profit or loss as incurred. Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products and processes. 
Development expenditure is capitalized only if the development costs can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically and commercially 
feasible, future economic benefits are probable, and the Group intends to and has sufficient resources to complete the development and to use or sell 
the asset. The expenditure capitalized includes the cost of materials, direct labour, overhead costs that are directly attributable to preparing the asset for 
its intended use, and capitalized borrowing costs. Other development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss when incurred. 
 
Capitalized development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. 
 
Other intangible assets 
Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group and have finite useful lives are stated at cost less accumulated amortization (see next page)  
and accumulated impairment losses (see note g). Based on the purchase price allocation of acquisitions, intangible assets that are part of the  
other intangible assets and relate to, for example, valued customer relations, trade names and technologies are also recognized. 
 
Subsequent expenditure 
Subsequent expenditure on capitalized intangible assets is capitalized only if it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific  
asset to which it relates. All other expenditure is expensed when incurred. 
 
Amortization 
Amortization is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the intangible assets unless such lives are indefinite. 
Goodwill and other intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are systematically tested for impairment at each reporting date. Other intangible assets 
are amortized from the date they are available for use. Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and 
adjusted if appropriate. 
(d)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)

Page 126:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 126
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Financial instruments and other investments 
Financial instruments 
Non-derivative financial instruments 
 
Recognition and initial measurement 
Trade receivables are initially recognized when they are originated. All other financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognized when the Group 
becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing 
component) or financial liability is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to its 
acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price. 
 
Classification and subsequent measurement 
Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets,  
in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.  
A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL: 
 ■ it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and 
 ■ its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount 
outstanding. 
 
A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL: 
 ■ it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and 
 ■ its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows. 
 
On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the 
investment’s fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis. 
  
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortized cost as described above are measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. 
On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortized cost or 
at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise. 
The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level because this best reflects 
the way the business is managed, and information is provided to management. Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose 
performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are measured at FVTPL. 
  
Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest 
For the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition. ‘Interest’ is defined as 
consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period  
of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as a profit margin. 
(e)

Page 127:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 127
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the contractual terms of the 
instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual  
cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this assessment, the Group considers: 
 ■ contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows; 
 ■ terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features; 
 ■ prepayment and extension features; and 
 ■ terms that limit the Group’s claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features). 
 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortized cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, 
it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, 
including any interest expense, are recognized in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective 
interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also 
recognized in profit or loss. 
 
Derecognition 
The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive 
the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in 
which the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset. 
 
The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, or expire. The Group also derecognizes a 
financial liability when its terms are modified, and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability 
based on the modified terms is recognized at fair value. On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished 
and the consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognized in profit or loss. 
 
Offsetting 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group 
currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts, it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously and the financial assets and financial liabilities are with the same party. 
  
Other investments 
Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the financial and operating policies. 
Interests in associates and the joint venture are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognized at cost, which includes transaction 
costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the profit or loss and OCI of equity-
accounted investees, until the date on which significant influence or joint control ceases. 
  

Page 128:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 128
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Trade and other receivables 
Trade and other receivables represent the Group’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional. Trade and other receivables are carried  
at amortized cost, less impairment losses (see note g). An exception is made for trade receivables of designated customers of a limited number of 
subsidiaries of the Group, which are sold to a factoring company, with limited recourse. These trade debtors are measured at fair value through profit 
and loss, until they are derecognized at the moment that the invoices are sold to the factoring company. 
  
Recognized interest-bearing loans and borrowings 
After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are carried at amortized cost with any difference between the initial carrying amount  
and the redemption amount, based on the effective interest method, taken to profit or loss over the respective terms of the loans. 
  
Trade and other payables 
Trade and other payables are carried at amortized cost. 
  
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and bank balances and other call deposits payable on demand. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on 
demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management, are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents in the statement  
of cash flows. They are measured at fair value. 
  
Other non-derivative financial instruments 
Other non-derivative financial instruments are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses. 
 
Derivative financial instruments, including hedge accounting 
The Group holds derivative financial instruments to hedge its foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Embedded derivatives are separated from the 
host contract and accounted for separately if the host contract is not a financial asset and certain criteria are met. At 31 December 2023, no embedded 
derivatives existed. 
 
Derivatives are initially measured at fair value, with attributable transaction costs recognized in the statement of comprehensive income when they  
are incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are carried at fair value. Any changes are taken to profit or loss. 
 
The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments to hedge the variability in cash flows associated with highly probable forecast 
transactions arising from changes in foreign exchange rates and interest rates and certain derivatives and non-derivative financial liabilities as hedges  
of foreign exchange risk on a net investment in a foreign operation. At inception of designated hedging relationships, the Group documents the risk 
management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The Group also documents the economic relationship between the hedged item and  
the hedging instrument, including whether the changes in cash flows of the hedged item and hedging instrument are expected to offset each other. 
 

Page 129:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 129
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Changes in the fair value of a derivative hedging instrument designated as a cash flow hedge are recognized in other comprehensive income and 
presented in the hedging reserve. 
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative that is recognized in OCI is limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged 
item, determined on a present value basis, from inception of the hedge. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized 
immediately in profit or loss. The Group designates only the change in fair value of the spot element of forward exchange contracts as the hedging 
instrument in cash flow hedging relationships. The change in fair value of the forward element of forward exchange contracts (‘forward points’) is 
separately accounted for as a cost of hedging. 
When the hedged forecast transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non-financial item such as inventory, the amount accumulated in  
the hedging reserve and the cost of hedging reserve is included directly in the initial cost of the non-financial item when it is recognized. 
For all other hedged forecast transactions, the amount accumulated in the hedging reserve and the cost of hedging reserve is reclassified to profit or 
loss in the same period or periods during which the hedged expected future cash flows affect profit or loss. 
 
If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting or the hedging instrument is sold, expires, is terminated or is exercised, then hedge 
accounting is discontinued prospectively. When hedge accounting for cash flow hedges is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in the 
hedging reserve remains in equity until, for a hedge of a transaction resulting in the recognition of a non-financial item, it is included in the non-financial 
item’s cost on its initial recognition or, for other cash flow hedges, it is reclassified to profit or loss in the same period or periods as the hedged expected 
future cash flows affect profit or loss. 
 
If the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur, then the amounts that have been accumulated in the hedging reserve and the cost  
of hedging reserve are immediately reclassified to profit or loss. 
  
Inventories 
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of 
business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs to sell. The cost of inventories of the Group is based on the weighted  
average cost, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs, and other costs incurred in bringing  
them to their current location and condition. The cost of inventories includes an appropriate share of overheads based on normal operating capacity. 
  
Impairment 
Financial assets 
The Group recognizes impairments for financial assets based on the ‘expected credit loss’ model. The Group measures loss allowances at an amount 
equal to the lifetime expected credit losses. 
 
Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash shortfalls,  
being the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance to the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.  
The Group makes use of the simplified method for trade receivables and contracts assets as set out in IFRS 9. 
(f)
(g)
(i)

Page 130:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 130
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The expected credit losses for significant financial assets are determined on an individual basis. The remaining financial assets are assessed collectively 
in groups of assets that have similar credit risk characteristics. 
 
All impairment losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
An impairment loss is reversed if the reversal can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment loss was recognized. 
For financial assets measured at amortized cost, the reversal is recognized in profit or loss. 
  
Non-financial assets 
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date  
to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.  
For goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated at each  
reporting date. 
 
The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, 
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets 
that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the ‘cash-
generating unit’). For the purpose of impairment testing, the goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to cash-generating units that are 
expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. 
 
An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment 
losses are recognized in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognized in respect of cash-generating units are first allocated to reduce the carrying amount 
of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis. 
  
Reversal of impairment losses 
Impairment losses in respect of goodwill are not reversed. Impairment losses in respect of other assets are reversed if there has been a change in  
the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not 
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized. 
Reversals of impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. 
  
Calculation of recoverable amount 
The recoverable amount of the Group’s receivables carried at amortized cost is calculated as the present value of estimated future cash flows, 
discounted at the original effective interest rate (i.e. the effective interest rate computed on initial recognition of these financial assets). Receivables  
with a short remaining term are not discounted. The recoverable amount of other assets is the greater of their net selling price and value in use. 
 
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)

Page 131:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 131
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
In determining value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For an asset that does not generate largely independent cash 
inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. 
  
Share capital 
Ordinary shares 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are recognized as a deduction  
from equity, net of any tax effect. 
  
Repurchase, disposal and reissue of share capital (treasury shares) 
When own shares recognized as equity are repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, including directly attributable costs and net of any tax 
effects, is recognized as a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares are classified as treasury shares and are presented as a deduction from total 
equity. If treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the amount received is recognized as an increase in equity, and the resulting surplus or 
deficit on the transaction is transferred respectively to or from other reserves. 
  
Dividends 
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as determined from time to time by the General Meeting of Shareholders.  
The Executive Board has the authority to decide, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, what portion of the profit will be allocated to the reserves. 
If applicable, the declared but unpaid dividends are recognized as a liability. 
 
Employee benefits 
Defined contribution plans 
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have  
no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized  
as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss when incurred. Prepaid contributions are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund  
or reduction in future payments will occur. 
 
Defined benefit plans 
A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit 
plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the 
current and prior periods; that benefit is discounted to determine its present value. The fair value of any plan assets is deducted. The Group determines 
the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined 
benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the net defined benefit liability (asset). The discount rate is the yield at the reporting date  
on Corporate bonds that have maturity dates approximating the terms of the Group’s obligations and that are denominated in the same currency  
in which the benefits are expected to be paid. 
 
(h)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(i)
(i)
(ii)

Page 132:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 132
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The calculation is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a benefit to the 
Group, the recognized asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions  
in future contributions to the plan. In order to calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any minimum funding 
requirements that apply to any plan in the Group. An economic benefit is available to the Group if it is realisable during the life of the plan, or on 
settlement of the plan liabilities. 
 
Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect  
of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest). The Group recognizes them immediately in other comprehensive income, and all other expenses related  
to defined benefit plans as employee benefit expenses in profit or loss. When the benefits of a plan are changed, or when a plan is curtailed, the portion 
of the changed benefit relating to past service by employees, or the gain or loss on curtailment, is recognized immediately in profit or loss when the plan 
amendment or curtailment occurs. The Group recognizes gains and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.  
 
The gain or loss on a settlement is the difference between the present value of the defined benefit obligation being settled as determined on the  
date of settlement and the settlement price, including any plan assets transferred and any payments made directly by the Group in connection with  
the settlement. 
 
Other long-term service benefits 
The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term service benefits other than pension plans is the amount of future benefit that employees have earned 
in return for their service in the current and prior periods. The obligation is calculated using the projected unit credit method, discounted to its present 
value and net of the fair value of any related assets. The discount rate is the yield at the financial position date on corporate bonds that have maturity 
dates approximating the terms of the Group’s obligations. Any actuarial gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. 
 
Share-based payment transactions 
As only equity settled share-based payments are applicable only the accounting policy for these transactions has been included. 
The fair value on the grant date of share-based payment awards made to employees and the Executive Board is recognized as an employee expense, 
with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees unconditionally become entitled to the awards. The amount recognized  
as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met,  
so that the amount ultimately recognized as an expense is based on the number of awards that meet the related service and non-market performance 
conditions at the vesting date. For share-based payment awards with non-vesting conditions, the fair value on the grant date of the share-based 
payment is measured to reflect such conditions, with no true-up for differences between expected and actual outcomes. 
  
Short-term employee benefits 
A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result  
of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably. Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related 
service is provided. 
 
(iii)
(iv)
(v)

Page 133:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 133
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Termination benefits 
Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognized  
costs for a restructuring. If benefits are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months of the reporting date, then they are discounted. 
  
Provisions 
A provision is recognized in the statement of financial position if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event,  
that can be estimated reliably and it is probable that settlement of the obligation will involve an outflow of funds. If the effect is material, provisions are 
determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, 
where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognized as finance cost. 
 
Restructuring provisions 
A provision for restructuring is recognized when the Group has approved a detailed and formal restructuring plan, and the restructuring either has 
commenced or has been announced publicly. Future operating losses are not provided for. 
  
Assets classified as held for sale 
Assets classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. 
 
Assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This 
condition is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present 
condition. Management must be committed to the sale which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from 
the date of classification. 
   
Revenue 
Revenue from contracts with customers 
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects 
the consideration (net of discounts, rebates, returns and excluding VAT) to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or 
services. The Group has generally concluded that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements because it typically controls the goods or services before 
transferring them to the customer. 
 
Sale of goods 
Revenue from sale of goods is recognized at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery  
of the goods. The normal credit term is 15 up to 90 days upon delivery. 
 
(vi)
(j)
(k)
(l)

Page 134:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 134
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The Group considers whether there are other promises in the contract that are separate performance obligations to which a portion of the  
transaction price needs to be allocated (e.g. warranties). In determining the transaction price for the sale of equipment, the Group considers  
the effects of variable consideration (e.g. early payment discount, volume rebates), the existence of significant financing components, noncash 
consideration, and consideration payable to the customer (if any). 
If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange  
for transferring the goods to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable  
that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable 
consideration is subsequently resolved. Some contracts for the sale of goods provide customers with a right of return and or volume rebates and  
or early payment discount. These conditions might give rise to variable consideration. 
 
Certain contracts provide a customer the right to apply an early payment discount when the consideration to which the Group is entitled is transferred 
to the Group before the contractual agreed credit terms. Those rebates are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable 
consideration for the expected future early payment rebates, the Group applies the most likely amount method for contracts with a single-volume 
threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more than one volume threshold. The selected method that best predicts the amount  
of variable consideration is primarily driven by the payment behaviour in the past and or any agreement with the customer when the consideration  
will be transferred. 
 
The related costs are recognized in profit or loss when they are incurred. Advances received are included in contract liabilities. 
 
Services 
Apart from sales of goods the Group provides limited services such as repairs and engineering/development services. Revenues from services  
are recognized in proportion to the services rendered, based on the cost incurred in respect of the services performed up to balance sheet date,  
in proportion to the estimated costs of the aggregate services to be performed. The cost price of these services is allocated to the same period. 
 
Contract assets 
The Group recognizes incremental costs of obtaining a contract and certain costs to fulfil a contract as an asset if the Group expects to recover those 
costs. Any capitalized contract costs assets will be amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the entity’s transfer of the related goods  
or services to the customer. 
 
Contract liabilities 
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of 
consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract 
liability is recognized when the payment is made, or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when  
the Group performs under the contract. 

Page 135:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 135
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Expenses 
Lease expenses – short-term leases and leases of low-value assets 
The Group has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases of machinery that have a lease terms of  
12 months or less and lease of low-value assets. Individual lease assets with a new value of EUR 5,000 or less (or any other foreign exchange equivalent) 
are considered to be low value assets. The Group recognizes the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on straight-line basis  
over the lease term. 
  
Net finance costs 
Finance income comprises interest income on funds invested, and financial assets held to maturity. Interest income is recognized in profit or loss  
as it accrues, using the effective interest method. 
Finance expense comprises interest expense on borrowings, commitment fees, accrued interest on provisions, interest on pension liabilities, impairment 
losses recognized on financial assets and losses on interest rate hedge instruments to the extent they are recognized in profit or loss. All borrowing costs 
are recognized in profit or loss using the effective interest method. 
 
Realized and unrealized foreign currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities, including changes in fair value of currency hedge instruments 
that are not qualified as cash flow hedges, are reported on a net basis. 
  
Income tax 
Income tax for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognized in profit or loss unless it relates to items recognized directly in equity, 
in which case it is recognized in equity. The Group has determined that interest and penalties related to income taxes, including uncertain tax treatments, 
do not meet the definition of income taxes, and therefore accounted for them under IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. 
 
Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and any adjustment to the tax payable or 
receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or 
received that reflects uncertainty related to income taxes, if any. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends. 
 
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they 
relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 
 
Deferred tax is recognized using the balance sheet method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities  
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for the following temporary differences: 
 ■ the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit; 
 ■ relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities to the extent that it is probable that they will not be reversed in the foreseeable 
future; 
 ■ arising on the initial recognition of goodwill. 
(m)
(i)
(ii)
(n)

Page 136:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 136
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, using tax rates enacted  
or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and reflects uncertainty related to income taxes, if any. 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities, and they relate to income taxes 
levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity; or on different tax entities, but the intention is to settle current tax liabilities and assets on  
a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realized simultaneously. 
A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be applied. 
Deferred tax assets are reduced if it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized. 
 
Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of a dividend are recognized at the same time as the liability to pay the related dividend  
is recognized. 
 
Uncertain tax items for which a provision is made relate principally to the interpretation of tax legislation regarding arrangements entered into by the 
Group. Due to the uncertainty associated with such tax items, there is a possibility that, on conclusion of open tax matters at a future date, the final 
outcome may differ significantly. 
  
Earnings per share 
The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share data for its ordinary shares. Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or  
loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting period. 
Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary 
shares outstanding, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. 
  
Segment reporting 
The Group defines and presents operating segments based on the information that is provided internally to the Executive Board, the Group’s chief  
operating decision-maker. This is in conformity with IFRS 8 – Operating segments. 
 
On the basis of the criteria of IFRS 8, Kendrion has four operating segments, the business groups Industrial Brakes and Industrial Actuators and 
Automotive Core and Automotive E, which are subgroups to the business group Automotive. An operating segment is a part of the Group engaging in 
business activities that may result in revenue and expenses, including the revenue and expenses relating to transactions with any of the Group’s other 
segments. The Executive Board conducts regular reviews of the operating segment’s results to reach decisions on the resources to be allocated to  
the segment and to assess its performance, whereby separate financial information for each operating segment is available. 
However, on the basis of the aggregation criteria of IFRS 8.12, these operating segments have been aggregated into three reportable segments:  
Automotive Core, Automotive E and Industrial. In accordance with IFRS 8, the Company also discloses general and entity-wide information, including 
information about geographical areas and major customers of the Group as a whole. More information on the reportable segments is provided  
in note 21. 
(o)
(p)

Page 137:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 137
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
New standards and interpretations 
A number of amendments to standards are effective, and have been endorsed by the European Union, for annual periods beginning on or after  
1 January 2023 and therefore apply to the year ended 31 December 2023: 
 ■ IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts
 ■ Disclosure of Accounting Policy (amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2)
 ■ Definition of Accounting Estimate (amendments to IAS 8)
 ■ Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12)
 ■ International Tax reform – Pillar Two Models Rules (Amendments to IAS12)
The amendments do not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
 
The following standards or interpretations published by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) are not effective at 31 December 2023 and are not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated 
financial statements: 
 ■ Amendments to IAS 1 - Classification of liabilities as current or non-current 
 ■ Amendments to IAS 1 - Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 
 ■ Amendments to IFRS16 - Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 
 ■ Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 - Supplier Finance Arrangements 
 ■ Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 - Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture. 
  
Fair values 
Measurement of fair value 
Several of the Group’s accounting policies, as well as the information supplied by the Group, require the fair value of both financial and non-financial 
assets and liabilities to be determined. For valuation and information supplied, the fair value is measured using the methods below. Where applicable, 
more detailed information on the basis of the fair value measurement is disclosed in the specific notes on the asset or liability in question. The principal 
methods and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of financial instruments included in the summary are given below. 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
The fair value of property, plant and equipment recognized as a result of a business combination is based on market value in use. The market value of 
property is the estimated amount for which the property in question could be exchanged on the valuation date between a buyer and seller in an arm’s 
length transaction, in which both parties have acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion. The market value of other items of property, 
plant and equipment is based on the quoted market prices of comparable assets and goods. 
 
(q)
(r)
(i)
(ii)

Page 138:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 138
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Intangible assets 
The fair value of patents and trademarks acquired as part of a business combination is measured on the basis of the discounted estimated royalties that 
have been avoided through ownership of the patent or trademark. The fair value of customer relationships acquired in a business combination is based 
on the excess earnings method over multiple periods, valuing the asset in question by deducting a real return on all other assets which in total create 
the related cash flows. The fair value of other intangible assets is based on the expected discounted value of the cash flows from the use and ultimate 
sale of these assets. 
 
Lease liabilities 
The fair value is estimated on the basis of the present value of future cash flows, discounted at the interest rate for lease contracts of a similar nature. 
The estimated fair value reflects movements in interest rates. 
 
Inventories 
The fair value of inventories acquired as part of a business combination is determined on the basis of the estimated selling price as part of normal 
business operations, less the estimated costs of completion and the selling costs, plus a reasonable profit margin that reflects the completion and sales 
effort. 
 
Trade and other receivables/trade and other payables 
The face value of receivables and liabilities falling due within one year is regarded as a reflection of their fair value. The fair value of all other receivables 
and liabilities is measured on the basis of present value. The discount factor is based on the risk-free interest rate of the same duration as the receivable 
and/or payable, plus a credit mark-up reflecting the credit worthiness of the Group. 
Interest-bearing loans 
The fair value is calculated on the basis of the present value of future repayments of principal and interest at the prevailing market rate of interest, 
supplemented by a credit mark-up reflecting the credit worthiness of the Group. 
 
Derivatives 
The fair value of derivatives is based on the present value of the contractual cash flows for the remaining term based on a risk-free interest rate. 
 
Non-derivative financial liabilities 
The fair value of non-derivative financial liabilities is determined from information supplied and is based on the present value of future repayments  
of principal and interest, discounted at a risk-free rate, and a margin based on the credit worthiness of the Group on the reporting date. 
 
Contingent consideration 
The fair value of contingent considerations arising in a business combination is calculated using the income approach based on the expected payment 
amounts and their associated probabilities. If appropriate, it is discounted to present value. 
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
(vi)
(vii)
(viii)
(ix)
(x)

Page 139:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 139
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Financial risk management 
The Group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments: 
 ■ credit risk; 
 ■ liquidity risk; 
 ■  market risk. 
This section provides general information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks in the course of its normal business operations,  
the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group’s management of capital. Further quantitative 
disclosures are included in the financial instrument section in these consolidated financial statements. 
 
The Executive Board bears the ultimate responsibility for the organisation and control of the Group’s risk management framework. The Group’s risk 
policy is designed to identify and analyse the risks confronting the Group, implement appropriate risk limits and control measures, and monitor the risks 
and compliance with the limits. The risk management policy and systems are evaluated at regular intervals and, if necessary, adapted to accommodate 
changes in market conditions and the Group’s operations. 
 
The Company’s Supervisory Board supervises compliance with the Group’s risk management policy and procedures. 
 
For a more detailed description of risk management and the position of financial risk management in the Group’s framework, see the Report  
of the Executive Board. 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group in the event that a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual 
obligations. Credit risks arise primarily from accounts receivable, derivative transactions concluded with banks, and cash positions and deposits held 
with banks. The Group continually monitors the credit risk within the Group. The Group does not normally require collateral for trade and other 
receivables or financial assets. 
The credit policy includes an assessment of the creditworthiness of every new major customer before offering payment and delivery terms. 
This assessment includes external credit ratings or reports if they are available. The creditworthiness of major customers is actively monitored  
on an ongoing basis. 
The Group recognizes impairment provisions of an amount equal to the estimated losses on trade and other receivables and other investments.  
The main component of this provision comprises specific provisions for losses on individual accounts of material significance. 
 
Credit concentration risk 
The geographical credit risk from the Group’s direct customers is largely concentrated in Germany. However, as the Group’s most important customers 
in the various segments of the German market are multinational or global players, this reduces the Group’s dependency on the German market. More 
details on credit concentration risk can be found in note 17. 
 
(s)
(i)
(ii)

Page 140:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 140
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Investments and financial instruments 
The Group currently does not invest in debt securities. Cash positions and exposure to the financial instruments of financial counterparties are 
monitored actively. The Group’s main financial counterparties are well-established banks with good creditworthiness. The cash in bank accounts  
at other than the core-relationship banks is maintained at the minimum level required for the operations of the Group’s companies. 
Liquidity risk 
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its financial obligations at the required time. Liquidity risk management is based on the 
maintenance of sufficient liquidity in the form of unused (committed) credit facilities or cash to meet present and future financial obligations in normal  
and adverse circumstances. 
 
A summary of the credit lines available to the Group is disclosed in note 12 of these consolidated financial statements. The majority of the available 
facilities are provided by a syndicate of lenders consisting of HSBC and ING Bank on an equal basis. The Group had approximately EUR 66 million 
available in cash and undrawn facilities on the financial position date. 
 
Market risk 
The market risk is the risk of the deterioration of the Group’s income due to movements in market prices, such as those relating to exchange rates  
and interest rates. The management of market risk exposure is intended to keep the market risk position within acceptable limits. 
 
Derivatives are used to manage specific market risks. These transactions are carried out within the treasury framework adopted by the Executive Board. 
If necessary, the Group uses hedge accounting to manage volatility in the statement of comprehensive income. 
 
Interest rate risk 
Pursuant to the Group’s policy more than 50% of the exposure to changes in interest rates on borrowings is maintained on a fixed rate basis, taking into 
account any assets with exposure to changes in interest rates and expected short-term free cash flows. The policy is implemented by making use of 
derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and interest rate options. 
The Group has currently outstanding interest swap contracts with a total underlying notional value of EUR 75 million in order to reduce interest rate risk 
exposure to increasing market rates. EUR 25 million matures in 2024, EUR 25 million in 2025 and EUR 25 million in 2026. 
 
Currency risk 
The Group is exposed to exchange rate risks on sales, purchases, equity positions and loans expressed in currencies other than the euro. The Group 
companies are primarily financed in their own currency. The majority of the revenues and costs of the Group companies are realized in the euro zone. 
Sales outside the euro zone are partly generated locally and partly through exports from the euro zone. Most of these exports are realized in euros. 
 
The Group’s activities in the Czech Republic have the most significant currency exposure, since the majority of revenue is generated in euros and part  
of the costs are in Czech korunas. Pursuant to the Group’s policy this currency exposure is hedged to a level of at least 70% for the next four quarters. 
Exchange rate risks are hedged with derivatives. 
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
(vi)
(vii)

Page 141:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 141
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Other currencies are actively monitored and where needed exposure is hedged, however less structural exposure is identified. 
 
The Group also actively hedges intercompany loans in foreign currencies with currency forwards, swaps or back-to-back loans in the same foreign 
currency. 
Pursuant to the Group’s policy for other monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency, net exposure is maintained at an acceptable 
level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates as required to correct short-term imbalances. 
 
The Group’s policy stipulates that, in principle, equity investments and other translation exposures are not hedged. 
 
Other price risks 
Steel, copper and rare earth metals used in permanent magnets are the most important commodities for the Group. 
 
Copper constitutes the Group’s main direct exposure to raw material price risks, since copper wire is an important component of electromagnets. 
Pursuant to the Group’s policy, the sensitivity to copper prices is actively reduced both by concluding fixed-price purchase contracts in the normal 
course of business with copper wire suppliers and by including raw material clauses in sales contracts. As the need arises the Group can also conclude 
derivative financial instrument contracts with financial counterparties to hedge the copper risk. No financial derivative contracts for raw materials were 
outstanding at the balance sheet date. 
The Group is also exposed to risks associated with rare earth metals such as neodymium, a component of permanent magnets, which are used  
in some of the Group’s products. Prices of these commodities have shown significant volatility in the past. The Group closely monitors developments  
in this market and has increased stock levels and the number of supply sources for these permanent magnets. 
 
Furthermore, agreements have been made with customers representing the majority of the sales volume in this context, to link sales prices to 
movements in permanent magnet prices. 
 
The Group is mainly indirectly exposed to raw material price risks relating to oil and steel, primarily as part of the purchase prices of machined 
components. This exposure is monitored and, if feasible, reduced by means of raw material clauses with customers and by concluding fixed-price 
agreements with suppliers for periods of between six and twelve months. The Kendrion steel contracts also partly govern the purchasing from 
component suppliers. 
Raw materials are purchased separately by each business unit, but in accordance with the group policy reviewed periodically with the objective  
of further increasing and sharing knowledge on commodities and commodity markets between business units, reducing risks and/or prices. 
 
Capital management 
The Executive Board’s policy is designed to maintain a strong capital gearing to retain the confidence of investors, creditors and the markets,  
and to safeguard the future development of the business activities. The Executive Board monitors the return on equity, which the Group defines  
as the net operating result divided by shareholders’ equity, excluding minority interests. The Executive Board also monitors the level of dividend 
distributed to ordinary shareholders. 
(viii)
(ix)

Page 142:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 142
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The Executive Board seeks to strike a balance between a higher return that would be achievable with a higher level of borrowed capital and  
the benefits and security of sound capital gearing. 
 
Kendrion intends to distribute an annual dividend of between 35% and 50% of normalized net profit before amortization, taking into consideration the 
amount of net profit to be retained to support the medium and long-term strategic plans of the company and to maintain a minimum solvency of 35%. 
 
Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries are subject to any externally imposed capital requirements beyond those stipulated by law. 
 
Government Grants 
Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognized in profit or loss as deduction on the related expense on a systematic basis in 
the periods in which the expenses are recognized, unless the conditions for receiving the grant are met after the related expenses have been 
recognized. In this case, the grant is recognized when it becomes receivable. 
(t)
Property, plant and equipment 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Property, plant and equipment owned 122.0 118.3 
Property, plant and equipment right-of-use assets 12.5 13.3 
Total 134.5 131.6 
 
Property, plant and equipment owned 
EUR million 
Land and  
buildings 
Plant and  
equipment 
Other fixed  
assets 
Under  
construction Total 
Balance as at 1 January 2022 
Costs  68.1  162.2  63.0  22.5  315.8 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses  (34.2)  (119.7)  (50.6)  (3.8)  (208.3) 
Carrying amount as at 1 January 2022  33.9  42.5   12.4   18.7   107.5  
Acquired, other  2.4   11.7   6.4   26.6   47.1  
Disposals  (0.9)  (1.3)  (0.3)  (12.8)  (15.3) 
Currency translation differences  0.0   0.2   0.0   0.2   0.4  
Reclassified to held for sale  (1.6)  (0.1)  (0.2)  –    (1.9) 
Depreciation for the year  (2.5)  (11.1)  (4.5)  –    (18.1) 
Impairments  (0.7)  (0.1)  (0.0)  (0.6)  (1.4) 
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2022  30.6   41.8   13.8   32.1   118.3  
1

Page 143:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 143
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Property, plant and equipment owned 
EUR million 
Land and  
buildings 
Plant and  
equipment 
Other fixed  
assets 
Under  
construction Total 
Balance as at 1 January 2023 
Costs  68.0   172.7   68.9   36.5   346.1  
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses  (37.4)  (130.9)  (55.1)  (4.4)  (227.8) 
Carrying amount as at 1 January 2023  30.6   41.8   13.8   32.1   118.3  
Acquired, other 6.8 6.1 4.4 5.6 22.9
Disposals (0.1) (0.7) (0.3) (0.0) (1.1)
Transfer 21.1 3.8 1.7 (24.6) 2.0
Currency translation differences (0.1) (0.3) (0.1) (1.6) (2.1)
Depreciation for the year (2.5) (10.7) (4.7) – (17.9)
Impairments (0.0) (0.1) (0.0) – (0.1)
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2023  55.8 39.9 14.8 11.5 122.0 
Costs 95.7 181.6 74.6 15.9 367.8
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (39.9) (141.7) (59.8) (4.4) (245.8)
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2023 55.8 39.9 14.8 11.5 122.0 
 
Right-of-use assets  
EUR million 
Land and  
buildings
Plant and  
equipment
Other fixed  
assets
Under  
construction Total
Balance as at 1 January 2022 
Costs  22.5   0.2   3.8   –    26.5  
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses  (8.8)  (0.2)  (3.1)  –    (12.1) 
Carrying amount as at 1 January 2022  13.7   0.0   0.7   –    14.4  
Acquired, other  0.9   0.0   0.6   –    1.5  
Disposals  (0.0)  –    (0.0)  –    (0.0) 
Currency translation differences  0.2   0.0   (0.0)  –    0.2  
Depreciation for the year  (2.3)  (0.0)  (0.5)  –    (2.8) 
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2022  12.5   0.0   0.8   –    13.3  

Page 144:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 144
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Right-of-use assets  
EUR million 
Land and  
buildings
Plant and  
equipment
Other fixed  
assets
Under  
construction Total
Balance as at 1 January 2023 
Costs  23.6   0.2   4.4   –    28.2  
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses  (11.1)  (0.2)  (3.6)  –    (14.9) 
Carrying amount as at 1 January 2023  12.5   0.0   0.8   –    13.3  
Acquired, other 3.3 – 0.7 – 4.0
Disposals (0.1) – (0.0) – (0.1)
Transfer (2.0) − − − (2.0)
Currency translation differences (0.1) (0.0) (0.0) – (0.1)
Depreciation for the year (2.1) (0.0) (0.5) – (2.6)
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2023 11.5 0.0 1.0 – 12.5 
Costs 24.7 0.2 5.1 – 30.0
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (13.2) (0.2) (4.1) – (17.5)
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2023 11.5 0.0 1.0 – 12.5 
 
Translation differences are calculated on the carrying amount and reflected in the related item in the cost. 
 
The estimated useful lives of the property, plant and equipment are as follows: 
Buildings 10 – 30 years 
Plant and equipment 5 – 10 years 
Other fixed assets 3 – 7 years 
 
The Executive Board reviews at each reporting period the estimated useful lives of each asset with a definite useful life. During the current year,  
the Executive Board determined that the useful lives do not require to be revised. 
During 2023, the group bought one building for the residual value (equal the purchase price) of EUR 2.0 million. Depreciation of EUR 20.5 million  
(2022: EUR 20.9 million) is recognized in Depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive 
income. Impairments of EUR 0.1 million (2022: EUR 1.4 million) are recorded in Impairments of fixed assets in the consolidated statement of profit  
and loss and other comprehensive income. 

Page 145:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 145
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Intangible assets  
EUR million Goodwill  
Development  
costs Software Concessions Other Total 
Balance as at 1 January 2022 
Costs  133.7   10.6   30.3   1.1   75.1   250.8  
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses  –    (4.8)  (25.0)  (0.0)  (37.6)  (67.4) 
Carrying amount as at 1 January 2022  133.7   5.8   5.3   1.1   37.5   183.4  
Acquired, other  –    3.1   3.4   –    –    6.5  
Disposals  –    –    (0.8)  –    –    (0.8) 
Currency translation differences  1.7   (0.2)  0.0   (0.0)  0.3   1.8  
Amortisation for the year  –    (0.9)  (1.4)  (0.1)  (4.7)  (7.1) 
Impairments  (54.7)    –    –    –    (2.6)  (57.3) 
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2022  80.7   7.8   6.5   1.0   30.5   126.5  
Balance as at 1 January 2023 
Costs  135.4   13.5   32.9   1.1   75.4   258.3  
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses  (54.7)    (5.7)  (26.4)  (0.1)  (44.9)  (131.8) 
Carrying amount as at 1 January 2023  80.7   7.8   6.5   1.0   30.5   126.5  
Acquired, other − 3.3 3.1 − − 6.4
Disposals − (0.1) (0.0) − − (0.1)
Currency translation differences (0.2) (0.4) (0.0) (0.1) − (0.7)
Amortisation for the year − (1.3) (1.8) (0.0) (3.2) (6.3)
Impairments − − − − − −
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2023 80.5 9.3 7.8 0.9 27.3 125.8 
Costs 135.2 16.3 36.0 1.0 75.4 263.9
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses (54.7) (7.0) (28.2) (0.1) (48.1) (138.1)
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2023 80.5 9.3 7.8 0.9 27.3 125.8 
 
Goodwill has an indefinite estimated useful life. The estimated useful life of software is between three and eight years. The estimated useful life of other 
intangible assets is approximately between eight and nineteen years. The Executive Board reviews at each reporting period the estimated useful lives of 
each intangible asset with a definite useful life. 
2

Page 146:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 146
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Development costs of EUR 3.3 million (2022: EUR 3.1 million) mainly relate to the AVAS sound platform and a platform application for sensor cleaning. 
The investments in software during 2023 of EUR 3.1 million (2022: EUR 3.4 million) mainly relate to various software upgrades, business application 
projects and infrastructure projects. The other intangible assets mainly comprise the carrying amount of customer relationships of EUR 27.0 million 
(2022: EUR 30.0 million). These customer relationships were acquired through business combinations. 
Amortization of EUR 6.3 million (2022: EUR 7.1 million) is recognized in Depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statement of profit and loss 
and other comprehensive income. Note that for Cash Flow Statement purposes the amortization of software, capitalized development costs and 
concessions is added to the line ‘Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and software’. 
The Group did not recognize any impairment of intangible fixed assets in this reporting period. In 2022, the Group recognized an impairment  
of EUR 57.3 million on the line impairments of fixed assets in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income.  
Refer to the next paragraph for goodwill impairment testing. 
 
Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill  
For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to groups of CGUs, which reflect the level on which goodwill is monitored. 
 
Goodwill EUR million 2023  2022 
Industrial Actuators and Controls (IAC) 39.4 39.6 
Industrial Brakes (IB) 33.8 33.8 
Automotive Core (Core)    − – 
Automotive E (E)    7.3 7.3 
80.5 80.7   
 
As per the end of 2022, these groups of CGUs have been revised as a direct consequence of our strategy to focus on enabling the energy transition, 
resulting in the organizational split of the Business Group Kendrion Automotive Group in Automotive E and Automotive Core. Both units are servicing 
distinct segments of the automotive market with specific product technologies. While Automotive Core focuses on existing technologies for combustion 
engine vehicles, Automotive E focuses on the development and marketing of new technologies for autonomous, connected and electric vehicles.  
Key assumptions and method of quantification 
Pursuant to IAS 36, the Group has performed an impairment test with reference to the goodwill allocated to each group of cash-generating unit.  
This test was carried out by discounting future cash flows (‘value in use’) to be generated from the continuing use of the cash-generating unit to  
which the goodwill applies and on the assumption of an indefinite life. In previous year, the impairment test for both Automotive CGUs had been 
performed as per December 31, since the organizational split became effective at the end of 2022. In the current year, the impairment test for 
Automotive E has been performed as per September 30. The Group considered the 2022 test per December 31 exceptional and has continued to 
perform the testing at the regular date of September 30. 
 

Page 147:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 147
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
For all groups of CGUs, the cash flows for the first five years were based on budgets and mid-term plans drawn up by the local management and 
approved by the Executive Board and Supervisory Board. For the subsequent years, the residual value was calculated on the basis of the results in  
the last year of relevant forecasts, with a terminal growth rate of 1.5% - 2.0% taken into account. The forecasts were based on pre-tax cash flow.  
The weighted average cost of capital (WACC) based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model was also pre-tax. Expansion investments were excluded from 
the calculations in the residual value. The expected growth in cash flows as a result of expansion investments was also excluded. This is particularly 
relevant for the goodwill CGUs where significant growth is expected and strategic investments are planned.
 
Key assumptions used in the calculation of recoverable amounts concern discount rates, terminal value growth rates, EBITDA margin growth and 
revenue growth. Key assumptions are based on past experience, management assessment of revenue and external sources.  
 
Key assumptions Pre-tax discount rate Terminal value growth rate 
 2023 2022 2023 2022 
Industrial Actuators and Controls (IAC) 13.4% 13.2% 1.5% 1.5% 
Industrial Brakes (IB) 13.4% 13.2% 1.5% 1.5% 
Kendrion Automotive Core (Core) − 18.4% −  (35.0)% 
Automotive E (E)  12.9% 11.0% 2.0% 2.0% 
Discount rate
In determining the pre-tax discount rate, first the post-tax average costs of capital were calculated for all cash generating units containing goodwill.  
The post-tax rate is based on debt leveraging compared to the market value of equity of 25%. The post-tax weighted average cost of capital rates  
of cash generating units amount to 10.5% for IAC, IB and Automotive E, and these rates were used for calculating the post-tax cash flows.  
 
Terminal value growth rate 
The cash generating units IAC, IB and Automotive E have five years of cash flows included in their discounted cash flow models. A long-term growth 
rate in perpetuity has been assumed on the basis of a growth rate of 1.5% for IAC and IB and 2.0% for Automotive E. The slightly higher long-term 
growth rate of Automotive E is a reflection of higher long term inflation expectations and the fact that is expected that the Automotive E CGU, focusing 
on a relatively young market segment, will not have reached maturity after the 5 year projection period.
 
Revenue and EBITDA margin 
For the cash generating units IAC, IB and Automotive E the revenue and EBITDA margin1 development of the cash generating units are based on  
the strategic business plans for the coming 5 years. The growth rates are based on the expectation of market developments and management’s 
assessment of the project pipeline of the cash generating units. The average annual growth rates for revenue in the first 5 years range between 2% and 
9% for IAC and IB and between 11% and 23% for Automotive E, the total development of the EBITDA margin is in line with the long-term group target 
of at least 15% by 2025. 
1   Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to reconciliation of non-IFRS information,  
starting on page 207.

Page 148:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 148
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Sensitivity to changes in assumptions 
The recoverable amounts of all cash-generating units with goodwill exceed their carrying amounts. Management has carried out an analysis of sensitivity 
to changes in the key assumptions. Sensitivity analyses are performed based on a change in an assumption while holding other assumptions constant. 
The following changes in assumptions are assessed: 
 ■ Increase of the discount rate (post-tax) by 2.0%;  
 ■ Decrease of terminal value growth rate by 1.0%; 
 ■ Decrease of average revenues growth by 3.0%;  
Based on the sensitivity analyses performed it is concluded that any reasonable changes in the key assumptions would not require an impairment for 
IAC, IB and Automotive E.
Other investments, including derivatives 
Other investments in 2023 include financial derivatives and capitalized professional fees related to the facility agreement (see note 12). Kendrion 
amortizes these costs over the remaining maturity of the facility. As these costs relate to the facility agreement as a whole and not to individual loans, 
these costs are not part of the effective interest rate of outstanding loans. 
 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Equity-accounted investee 0.0  0.0  
Other 0.5  0.4  
0.5  0.4  
3
Deferred tax assets and liabilities 
The Group has recognized deferred tax assets for tax loss carry-forwards in the following jurisdictions: 
 
Germany 
At 31 December 2023, the tax loss carry forwards amounted to EUR 11.1 million (2022: EUR 4.7 million) (Trade Tax) and EUR 6.2 million (Corporate 
Income Tax) (2022: zero). These are recognized in full, resulting in deferred tax assets of EUR 2.3 million (2022: EUR 0.6 million). 
 
United States of America 
At 31 December 2023, the tax loss carry forwards amounted to EUR 17.0 million (2022: EUR 15.6 million) (Federal Tax) and EUR 7.8 million  
(2022: EUR 6.9 million) (State Tax). Federal Tax carry-forward losses are not recognized, a deferred tax asset is recorded for EUR 4.8 million of the State 
Tax carry-forward losses resulting in a deferred tax assets of EUR 0.2 million (2022: EUR 1.1 million). 
 
China 
At 31 December 2023, the tax loss carry-forwards amounted to EUR 29.7 million (2022: EUR 21.5 million). EUR 3.2 million of these carry-forward 
losses are not recognized, a deferred tax asset is recorded of EUR 6.6 million (2022: EUR 4.6 million). 
4

Page 149:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 149
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The Netherlands 
At 31 December 2023, the tax loss carry-forwards amounted to EUR 1.9 million (2022: EUR 5.0 million). These are recognzed in full, resulting in  
a deferred tax asset of EUR 0.5 million (2022: EUR 0.7 million). 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities included in the financial position 
The deferred tax assets and liabilities can be specified as follows: 
 
Assets  Liabilities  Net 
EUR million 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 
Property, plant and equipment 1.4 2.8 3.8 3.7 (2.4) (0.9) 
Intangible assets 3.0 4.4 13.0 12.4 (10.0) (8.0) 
Inventories 1.3 1.0 0.3 0.3 1.0 0.7 
Employee benefits 0.4 0.8 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.6 
Provisions 0.0 0.2 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.2 
Other items 4.4 3.1 1.7 0.9 2.7 2.2 
Tax value of recognized loss carry-forwards 9.6 7.4 – – 9.6 7.4 
Deferred tax assets/liabilities 20.1 19.7   19.0 17.5  1.1  2.2 
 
The deferred tax liabilities relate largely to temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax base of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets. These are of a relatively long-term nature, mostly longer than five years. Other deferred tax assets relate mainly to deferred revenues 
and accruals.
 
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they 
can be set off. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax 
benefit will be realized; such reductions are reversed if the probability of future taxable profits improves. Whether Kendrion is able to realize its deferred 
tax assets is an estimate that has an element of inherent uncertainty to it. Both the budget 2024 and mid-term plan, which include the projections for 
the upcoming years, are based upon expectations of the market, contracts that have been signed and negotiations currently ongoing for new contracts. 
Based on this, Kendrion expects a substantial increase in China’s revenues and results in the upcoming years in order to realize the deferred tax asset.
Tax loss carry forward limitation rules apply in certain jurisdictions in which Kendrion has carry forward tax losses. These rules might under certain 
circumstances lead to a (proportional) forfeiture of recognized and unrecognized carry forward tax losses in case of a direct or indirect change in 
ownership. 
 
The tax losses carry forward for which no deferred tax assets are recognized in the statement of financial position are reviewed each reporting date. 
These tax losses carry forward for which no deferred tax assets are recognized in the statement of financial position amount to EUR 20.2 million 
(2022: EUR 13.8 million). 

Page 150:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 150
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Movement in temporary differences during the financial year 
2023 
Net, EUR million At 1 January 
Recognized  
in profit and loss 
Recognized  
in other 
comprehensive 
income 
At 31  
December 
Property, plant and equipment (0.9) (1.5) – (2.4)
Intangible assets (8.0) (2.0) – (10.0)
Inventories 0.7 0.3 – 1.0
Employee benefits 0.6 (0.4) (0.0) 0.2
Provisions 0.2 (0.2) – 0.0
Other items 2.2 0.1 0.4 2.7
Tax value of loss carry-forwards 7.4 2.2 – 9.6
2.2 (1.5) 0.4 1.1 
2022 
Net, EUR million At 1 January 
Recognized  
in profit and loss 
Recognized  
in other 
comprehensive 
income 
At 31  
December 
Property, plant and equipment (1.9) 1.0 – (0.9) 
Intangible assets (8.9) 0.9 – (8.0) 
Inventories 0.1 0.6 – 0.7 
Employee benefits 1.4 (0.1) (0.7) 0.6 
Provisions 0.0 0.2 – 0.2 
Other items 2.7 0.1 (0.6) 2.2 
Tax value of loss carry-forwards 7.2 0.2 – 7.4 
0.6  2.9  (1.3)  2.2  
 

Page 151:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 151
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Contract costs 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Balance at 1 January 0.3 0.5 
Costs to obtain a contract with customers 0.4 –
Amortization (0.1)  (0.2) 
Balance at 31 December 0.6  0.3  
From time to time, the Group acquires contracts with customers, for which costs are made to acquire these contracts. Those costs are recognized as 
contracts costs. Contract costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the Group’s transfer of the related goods to the customer. 
5
Inventories 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Raw materials, consumables, technical materials and packing materials 57.2  54.4  
Work in progress 16.2  16.4  
Finished goods 11.4  11.7  
Goods for resale 2.6  2.6  
87.4  85.1  
The value of inventory recorded as an expense in 2023 amounts to EUR 263.1 million (2022: EUR 259.7 million). The inventories are presented after 
accounting for a provision of EUR 8.1 million (2022: EUR 8.0 million) for obsolescence. In 2023, the release of the write-down to net realisable value of 
the inventories in earlier years was EUR 0.5 million (2022: EUR 0.6 million release). The write-down and reversals are included in Raw material and 
subcontracted work. 
6
Trade and other receivables 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Trade receivables 54.4  58.8  
Other taxes and social security 2.4  2.9  
Other receivables 6.2  4.2  
Derivatives used for hedging 1.0  2.4  
Prepayments 1.2  2.2  
65.2  70.5  
The credit and currency risks associated with trade and other receivables are disclosed in note 17, and in the financial risk management paragraph of 
note q. The provision for doubtful debts amounts to EUR 0.2 million (2022: EUR 0.2 million). 
The receivables are mainly held according to the ‘held-to-collect’ business model. For certain designated customers Kendrion applies factoring.  
At the end of 2023, an amount of EUR 6.8 million (2022: EUR 4.9 million) was sold to a factoring company and was derecognized. 
7

Page 152:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 152
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Cash and cash equivalents 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Cash and cash equivalents 20.6  37.8  
Bank overdrafts (7.1)  (3.1) 
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows 13.5  34.7  
The cash and cash equivalents include EUR 0.5 million (2022: EUR 0.5 million) of cash that is held in countries where the Group faces cross-border 
foreign exchange controls and/or other legal restrictions that inhibit the Groups ability to make these balances available for general use by the Group. 
 
The other bank balances are freely available. The interest rate risk for the Group and a sensitivity analysis for financial assets and liabilities are disclosed 
in notes 17 and accounting policy s. 
8
Assets classified as held for sale 
The assets classified as held for sale relate to a building in where Kendrion Eibiswald GmbH conducted its business. While a sale is expected within  
a year this is not in full control of the company. Also refer to note 20. 
9
Capital and reserves  
Capital and share premium 
  Shares entitled to dividend  Shares owned by Kendrion  Total number of issued shares  
 2023  2022 2023  2022 2023  2022 
At 1 January 15,026,305   14,841,072  88,316  93,663  15,114,621 14,934 735 
Issued shares (share dividend) 199,358  179,886  (40,038)  –   159,320 179,886 
Issued registered shares (share plan) 2,073  –   –  –   2,073  – 
Granted shares 48,278  5,347  (48,278)  (5,347) –  – 
At 31 December 15,276,014  15,026,305  –  88,316  15,276,014 15,114,621 
Issuance of ordinary shares  
In 2023, in total 199,358 new shares were issued (2022: 179,886). During 2023, the Company delivered 48,278 shares to the Executive Board and 
senior management as part of its share plan and remuneration packages (2022: 5,347). 
 
10

Page 153:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 153
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Ordinary shares   
The authorized share capital consists of: 
  
EUR million 2023  2022 
40,000,000 ordinary shares of EUR 2.00 80.0 80.0 
Issued share capital 
Balance at 1 January 2023: 15,114,621 ordinary shares (2022: 14,934,735)  30.2 29.9 
Balance at 31 December 2023: 15,276,014 ordinary shares (2022: 15,114,621) 30.6 30.2 
Share premium  
EUR million 2023  2022 
Balance as at 1 January 38.4  45.8  
Dividend payment (3.8)  (10.2) 
Share premium on issued shares 2.7  2.8  
Balance as at 31 December 37.3  38.4  
Translation reserve 
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries outside the euro 
zone. Gains and losses relating to the translation risk are recognized in equity. The build-up of the cumulative figure commenced on 1January 2004. 
 
Hedge reserve 
The hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net movement in the fair value of cash flow hedging instruments relating to hedged 
transactions that have not yet occurred, net of tax. 
 
The hedge reserve decreased by EUR 1.2 million due to the realization of hedged transactions (2022: EUR 0.0 million increase). The hedge reserve 
decreased by EUR 0.3 million due to valuation effects (2022: EUR 1.6 million increase). There was no hedge ineffectiveness in 2023 
(2022: no hedge ineffectiveness). 
  
Reserve for own shares (treasury shares) 
The reserve for the Company’s own shares comprises the shares held by the Company for issuance of share dividend and the remuneration packages 
for the Executive Board. At 31 December 2023, the Company held 0 of its own shares (2022: 88,316). 
  
 

Page 154:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 154
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Other reserves 
Other reserves are all the reserves other than those shown separately and primarily represent the accumulated, undistributed profits from previous 
financial years. 
 
Retained earnings 
In 2023, the result for 2022 was fully transferred to other reserves. Retained earnings in the 2023 financial statements consequently consist solely 
of the result for 2023. 
 
Dividends 
The following dividends were paid by the Company for the year: 
 
EUR million 2023  2022  
0.72 euro per qualifying ordinary share (2022: 0.69 euro) 10.9 10.2 
After the reporting date, the following dividends were proposed by the Executive Board. The dividends have not been recognized as liabilities and 
there are no tax consequences in 2023. 
 
EUR million 2023  2022  
0.45 euro per qualifying ordinary share (2022: 0.72 euro) 6.9 10.8 
Earnings per share 
Basic earnings per share 
The calculation of the basic earnings per share at 31 December 2023 is based on the profit for the period of EUR 9.9 million (2022: EUR (46.3) million) 
attributable to the holders of ordinary shares and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year 2023: 15,197,000 (2022: 
14,965,000). 
 
EUR million 2023  2022  
Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders 9.9 (46.3) 
11

Page 155:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 155
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
In thousands of shares 2023  2022
Issued ordinary shares at 1 January 15,115  14,935  
Effect of shares issued as share dividend 159 180
Effect of shares issued as share plan 2 –
Ordinary shares outstanding at 31 December 15,276  15,115  
Weighted average number of ordinary shares entitled to dividend 15,197  14,965  
Basic earnings per share (EUR), based on ordinary shares outstanding at 31 December 0.65 (3.06) 
Basic earnings per share (EUR), based on weighted average 0.65 (3.09) 
Diluted earnings per share 
The calculation of the diluted earnings per share at 31 December 2023 is based on the profit of EUR 9.9 million (2022: EUR (46.3) million) attributable  
to the holders of ordinary shares and the weighted average numbers of shares during the year after adjustment for the effects of all dilutive potential 
ordinary shares of 15,384,000 (2022: 15,158,000).  
  
EUR million 2023  2022
Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders 9.9  (46.3)  
Effect of dilution (0.0)  (0.0) 
Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders (diluted) 9.9  (46.3) 
 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)   
In thousands of shares 2023  2022
Weighted average number of ordinary shares entitled to dividend 15,197  14,965  
Weighted average numbers of ordinary shares (diluted) 15,384  15,158  
Basic earnings per share (EUR), based on weighted average (diluted) 0.64 (3.05) 
 

Page 156:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 156
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Loans and borrowings 
This note contains information on the contractual provisions of the Group’s interest-bearing loans and borrowings, which are carried at amortized cost. 
For further information on the interest rates, and the currency and liquidity risks borne by the Group, see note 17 and accounting policy q. 
 
EUR million 2023  2022
Non-current liabilities 
Bank syndicate loans 62.0  82.5  
Schuldschein loans  72.2 72.1
Lease liabilities      10.9  9.7 
Other loans 8.1  2.3  
153.2  166.6  
EUR million 2023  2022
Current liabilities 
Current portion lease liabilities 2.6  3.5  
Current portion loans 2.7  4.9  
5.3  8.4  
Schuldschein loans 
On 14 April 2022, Kendrion Finance BV successfully completed a EUR 72.5 million transaction in the Schuldschein private placement market.  
The Schuldschein loans exist out of a EUR 52.5 million loan maturing in April 2027 and a EUR 20 million loan maturing in April 2025. The interest rates 
on the loans are based on 6-month Euribor plus a margin (between 1.0% – 1.25%). The margin is linked to the ESG score of the Kendrion Group as 
rated by Ecovadis. From 2023 onwards, an increase in ESG rating of 10 percent points or more results in a 5 basis point decrease of the margin. Vice 
versa, a 5 percent point decrease in ESG score, results in a 5 basis points margin increase. The ESG rating of the Group improved to 61 out of 100 in 
2023 (2022: 58 out of 100). The Group is in the top 19% of ESG rated general manufacturing companies.
The loans include a financial covenant relating to the leverage ratio. The leverage ratio (calculated as interest bearing debt / normalized EBITDA) should 
remain below 3.25, which under certain circumstances can be temporarily increased to a maximum of 3.75. This covenant is tested quarterly on a 
12-month rolling basis. The actual leverage ratio at year-end was 2.7 (2022: 2.4). A reconciliation of normalized EBITDA can be found on page 210. 
 
Revolving credit facility agreement 
On 29 April 2022, Kendrion agreed upon a revolving credit facility agreement of EUR 102.5 million with ING Bank and HSBC. The credit facility at the 
time had a maturity of 3 years, with two one-year extension options. During 2023, the Group has extended the facility by 1 year.  
The interest rates on the loans are based on 6-month Euribor plus a margin (between 0.7% and 1.85%). The margin is based on the leverage ratio of 
the Group. In addition, the interest rates are linked to the ESG score of the Kendrion Group, via the same mechanism as the Schuldschein loans. 
12

Page 157:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 157
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The facility agreement includes an option for Kendrion to request to increase the facility of maximum EUR 50 million (incremental facility). In case 
Kendrion requests an incremental facility, the terms and conditions of this facility are agreed upon separately between Kendrion and the lenders.  
In addition, the facility agreement allows the Group to attract designated additional alternative sources of debt funding. 
The leverage ratio covenant is the same as for the Schuldschein loans. 
 
Credit lines 
At 31 December 2023, the Group had the following credit lines available: 
 ■ EUR 102.5 million revolving Credit Facility with a syndicate of two banks consisting of HSBC and ING Bank. The Credit Facility is committed until 
April 2026 with a one-year extension option and includes an option (accordion option) to increase the facility by a maximum of EUR 50 million; 
 ■ EUR 72.5 million Schuldschein private placement loans;  
 ■ EUR 13.5 million in leases for buildings, various equipment and vehicles;  
 ■ EUR 4.0 million other loans were mainly acquired through business combinations in 2020, with maturities in 2024 – 2026; 
 ■ EUR 7.6 million mortgage loan for the premises of the Suzhou facilities in China. The loan matures in 2024 – 2030.
 ■ EUR 12.1 million in other overdraft facilities. 
 
At 31 December 2023, the total unutilised amount of the facilities was approximately EUR 46 million. 
 
Security provided 
The Group has provided a mortgage on its premises in Suzhou, China for a EUR 7.6 million loan. A positive pledge is in place for the EUR 102.5 million 
revolving Credit Facility.  
 
Interest-rate sensitivity 
Interest amounts payable on the EUR 102.5 million revolving Credit Facility and Schuldschein loans are based on short-term interest rate (three and six 
months). The floating rates are partly fixed by means of interest rate swaps. The other loans of EUR 4.0 million and leases of EUR 13.5 million both have 
fixed interest rates. The interest sensitivity is disclosed on page 169. 
 
Lease liabilities 
The lease liabilities are payable as follows: 
 
EUR million 2023 2022
< 1 year 2.6  3.5  
1 - 5 years 9.1  7.9  
> 5 years 1.8  1.8  
13.5  13.2  
The lease liabilities mostly relate to leases for various buildings & vehicles.   

Page 158:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 158
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Buildings 
The Group leases properties for its offices and manufacturing facilities. Some lease arrangements contain conditions to revise the rentals based on 
changes of indices. The leases run for a period between 3 and 15 years. Majority of the leases include an option to renew the lease for an additional 
period after the contract term. Key assumption as applied by the Group is that all renewal options, which can be exercised within the mid-term plan 
period of five years and very likely to be exercised, are taken into consideration on top of the non-cancellable period of the lease. 
 
Vehicles and equipment 
The Group leases equipment with terms of two to five years. Based on experience the likelihood that these lease arrangements are extended for  
a substantial period (> three months) is remote. Due to this no periods after the non-cancellable period of the lease are taken into consideration. 
Employee benefits 
EUR million 2023   2022 
Present value of unfunded obligations* 4.8 5.0 
Present value of funded obligations* 3.4 4.2 
Fair value of plan assets (0.8) (0.8) 
Recognized net liability for defined benefit obligations 7.4 8.4 
Liability for long-service leave and anniversaries  2.4 2.3 
Total employee benefits 9.8 10.7  
Non current portion 8.7 10.7
Current portion** 1.1 _
*  The classification of funded/unfunded plans was updated in 2023. This update was implemented retrospectively for comparability purposes. The reclassification 
resulted in an increase of the present value of funded plans of EUR 2.7 million per 31 December 2022. The present obligation for unfunded plans decreased by the 
same amount and, consequently, the net liability for defined benefit obligations per 31 December 2022, remained unchanged.    
** The total employee benefit provision as of 31 December 2023 amounts to EUR 9.8 million. An amount of EUR 8.7 million is presented as non-current employee benefits 
in the statement of financial position. The remainder of EUR 1.1 million is presented under trade and other payables. 
13

Page 159:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 159
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The table shows a reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances for the net defined benefit liability and its components: 
  
 Defined benefit obligation  Fair value of plan assets  Net defined benefit liability 
EUR million 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 
Balance at 1 January 9.2 12.5 0.8 0.9 8.4 11.6 
Included in statement  
of comprehensive income 
Current service cost 0.0 0.0 – – 0.0 0.0 
Past service cost – – – – – – 
Interest cost (income) 0.3 0.1 (0.0) 0.0 0.3 0.1 
0.3 0.1  (0.0) 0.0  0.3 0.1  
Included in OCI 
Remeasurement loss (gain): 
- Actuarial loss (gain) arising from: 
- Demographic assumptions (0.0) (0.1) (0.0) (0.1) – – 
- Financial assumptions (0.3) (2.3) – – (0.3) (2.3) 
- Experience adjustment (0.2) 0.3 – – (0.2) 0.3 
-  Return on plan assets excluding  
interest income – – – – – – 
Effect of movements in exchange rates – – – – – – 
(0.5) (2.1)  (0.0) (0.1)  (0.5) (2.0)  
Other 
Contributions paid by the employer – – – – – – 
Benefits paid (0.8) (1.3) (0.0) (0.0) (0.8) (1.3) 
(0.8) (1.3) (0.0) (0.0) (0.8)  (1.3) 
Balance at 31 December 8.2 9.2  0.8 0.8  7.4 8.4  
Actuarial calculations of employee benefits have not been materially influenced by amendments based on historical experience or by variable assumptions.    
 

Page 160:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 160
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The Group contributes to the following post-employment defined benefits plans in several countries, mainly in Germany. Below the characteristics  
of the major plans are included. 
 
 ■ A direct commitment in the form of capital has been agreed upon with the employees, who directly receive this commitment as an one-off payment 
upon retirement. An alternative version is a plan where the employees receive monthly payments instead of an one-off payment. The plans are 
reviewed on periodic basis.  
 ■ The Defined-Benefit plan entitles a retired employee to receive a monthly pension payment. The amount of these payments is based on individual 
contracts with the respective employee. The person has to be employed for a certain time. Each further year of employment the employee receives 
an amount in addition to the contractual fixed amount.  
 
The defined benefit plans are administered by multiple pension funds which are legally separated from the Group. The board of the pension fund is 
required to act in the best interest of the plan participants and is responsible for setting certain policies (e.g. investment, contribution and indexation 
policies) of the fund. The defined benefit plans expose the Group to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, interest rate risk and market (investment) risk. 
The expenses relating to the defined benefit pension arrangements are included in the following line items of the statement of comprehensive income: 
 
Expense recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income regarding defined benefit arrangements 
EUR million 2023  2022
Staff costs 0.0 0.0 
Net finance costs  0.3 0.1 
0.3 0.1  
Principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages)  
 2023  2022
Discount rate at 31 December 4.1% 3.7% 
Future salary increases 1.3% 1.4% 
Future pension increases 2.1% 2.1% 
Composition plan assets  
EUR million 2023  2022
Bonds 0.8 0.8 
Equity 0.0 0.0 
Real estate 0.0 0.0 
Government loans 0.0 0.0 
Total 0.8 0.8  

Page 161:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 161
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would have 
affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below. 
 
Sensitivity analysis  Defined benefit obligation 
EUR million  Increase   Decrease  
Discount rate (0.5 percent) (0.3) 0.3
Future salary growth (1.0 percent) 0.2 (0.2)
Future pension (1.0 percent) 3.1 2.2
Future mortality (1.0 percent) (0.0) 0.0
 
Although the analysis does not take account of the full distribution of cash flows expected under the plans, it does provide an approximation  
of the sensitivity of the assumptions shown. The method for preparing the sensitivity analyses did not changed from prior year. 
 
Assumptions regarding future longevity have been based on published statistics and mortality tables. 
 
At 31 December 2023, the weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 7.1 years (2022: 7.5 years). The expected payment for 2024 
amounts to EUR 1.1 million (2023: EUR 1.2 million). 
 
Liabilities arising from employee benefits 
The pension plans included defined contribution plans as well as defined benefit plans. In the case of defined contribution plans, the contribution is 
charged to the year to which it relates. With defined benefit plans, benefit obligations are calculated using the projected unit credit method. Calculations 
are made by qualified actuaries. The pension liability shown in the statement of financial position represents the present value of the defined benefit 
obligation at the financial position date minus the fair value of the plan assets at this date. The discount rate methodology for accounting long-term 
employee benefits in accordance with IAS 19 is determined by the Executive Board. Significant judgement is required when setting the criteria for 
bonds to be included in the population from which the yield curve is derived. The most significant criteria considered for the selection of bonds include 
the issue size of the corporate bonds, quality of the bonds and the identification of outliers which are excluded. The discount rate used to calculate the 
defined benefit obligation is based on the yield on corporate bonds issued in Euros. 
Since the pension arrangements involve long-term obligations and uncertainties, it is necessary to make assumptions in order to estimate the amount 
that the Group needs to invest to fund its pension obligations. External actuaries calculate the obligation for defined benefit plans partly on the basis  
of information provided by the Executive Board, such as future pay rises, the return on plan assets, mortality tables and the probable extent to which 
pension scheme members will leave the scheme because they have reached retirement age, become incapacitated or left the Group. 
 

Page 162:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 162
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The greater part of the defined benefit obligation at year-end 2023 relates to post employment arrangements in Germany. The group companies 
account individually for the pension schemes. The individual group company is fully liable for its benefit obligation. A portion for the German group 
companies is reinsured. All pension arrangements accounted for as defined benefit obligations are not open for new participants (< 15% active 
participants). 
Liabilities arising from employee benefits also include liabilities relating to long-service, early retirement and service anniversaries of EUR 2.3 million  
(2022: EUR 2.3 million) in Germany. 
Provisions  
EUR million 2023  2022 
Balance at 1 January 2.0  2.1 
Provisions made during the period 0.0  3.4 
Provisions transferred/used during the period (1.3)  (3.5)
Provisions released during the period –  –  
Balance at 31 December 0.7  2.0 
Non-current portion 0.7  0.7 
The provisions consist of a restructuring provision of EUR 0.0 million (2022: EUR 1.0 million). 
14
Contract liabilities  
EUR million 2023  2022 
Balance at 1 January  4.7  4.5  
Consideration received  0.2  0.4  
Recognized as revenue in the period  (0.5)  (0.2) 
Balance at 31 December 4.4  4.7  
The contract liabilities relate to long-term advance consideration received from customers for investments made in equipment in order to fulfil the 
obligations according to the contract. Considerations are received and based on a mark-up on top of contractual agreed piece price during a certain 
period of time. Recognition is consistent with the Group’s transfer of the related goods to the customer and released to profit or loss on a systematic 
basis that is consistent with depreciation and amortization of related equipment.    
15

Page 163:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 163
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Trade and other payables 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Trade payables 58.3  54.9  
Other taxes and social security contributions 2.3  1.8  
Derivatives used for hedging 0.3 – 
Non-trade payables 7.4  6.4  
Accrued expenses 16.2  15.2  
84.5  78.3  
Non-trade payables relate to various other liabilities such as personnel-related liabilities (social charges, holiday allowance, bonus accruals, vacation 
days) while accrued expenses relate to other invoices that are expected but not yet received. 
16
Financial instruments  
Credit risk 
The carrying amount of the financial assets represents the maximum credit risk. The maximum credit risk on the reporting date was as follows: 
 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Cash and cash equivalents 20.6 37.8 
Other long-term investments 0.5 0.4 
Current tax assets 5.7 2.8 
Trade and other receivables 65.2 70.5 
Total 92.0 111.5  
Impairment losses 
Aging analysis of the trade and other receivables 
2023 2022  
EUR million Gross Provision Gross Provision  
Within the term of payment 54.3 − 60.5 –  
0 – 30 days due 6.6 − 7.0 –  
31 – 60 days due 2.2 − 1.4 –  
> 60 days due 2.3 (0.2) 1.8 (0.2)   
Total trade and other receivables 65.4 (0.2) 70.7  (0.2)   
 
17

Page 164:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 164
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The provision for trade receivables is used to absorb impairment losses, unless the Group is certain that collection of the amount owed is impossible,  
in which case the amount is treated as a bad debt and written off against the financial asset in question. 
 
At 31 December 2023, the provision for impairment losses on trade and other receivables relates to several customer invoices that the Group believes 
to be non-collectible, in whole or in part. Based on historic payment behaviour and financial information currently known all receivables that are not 
impaired at 31 December 2023 are collectible. This system is in line with the cash shortfall model as described in IFRS 9. EUR 4.5 million of trade 
receivables are more than 30 days overdue (2022: EUR 3.2 million), of which EUR 0.2 million is provided for (2022: EUR 0.2 million). The Group has 
written off EUR 0.2 million receivables in 2023 (2022: EUR 0.2 million), which are recognized under other operating expenses in the statement of 
comprehensive income. 
 
The customer with the largest trade receivables outstanding accounted for 5% of the trade and other receivables at 31 December 2023 (2022: 4%). 
The geographical credit risk from the Group’s direct customers is largely concentrated in Germany. However, as the Group’s most important customers 
in the various segments of the German market are multinational or global players this reduces the Group’s dependency on the German market.    
 

Page 165:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 165
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Credit risk rating grades 
The credit quality of the Group’s financial assets, contract assets and financial guarantee contracts, as well as the Group’s maximum exposure to credit 
risk by credit risk rating grades on the reporting date was as follows: 
 
31 December 2023     2023 
Note 
External  
credit rating 
Internal  
credit rating 
12-month  
or lifetime ECL 
Gross carrying 
amount 
Loss  
allowance 
Net carrying  
amount 
Trade receivables 7 N/A Low risk1 Lifetime ECL 54.6 (0.2) 54.4
Contract costs 5 N/A Low risk Lifetime ECL 0.6 − 0.6
Equity-accounted investee 3 N/A Low risk Lifetime ECL 0.0 − 0.0
Other investments 3 N/A Low risk Lifetime ECL 0.5 − 0.5
55.7 (0.2) 55.5 
 
31 December 2022     2022 
Note 
External  
credit rating 
Internal  
credit rating 
12-month  
or lifetime ECL 
Gross carrying 
amount 
Loss  
allowance 
Net carrying  
amount 
Trade receivables 7 N/A Low risk1 Lifetime ECL 59.0 (0.2) 58.8 
Contract costs 5 N/A Low risk Lifetime ECL 0.3 – 0.3 
Equity-accounted investee 3 N/A Low risk Lifetime ECL 0.0 – 0.0 
Other investments 3 N/A Low risk Lifetime ECL 0.4 – 0.4 
59.7  (0.2)  59.5  
 
Liquidity risk  
The liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its financial obligations at the required time. Liquidity risk management is based on the 
maintenance of sufficient liquidity in the form of unused (committed) credit facilities or cash to meet present and future financial obligations in normal 
and adverse circumstances. 
 
The contractual terms of the financial obligations, including the estimated interest payments and repayment obligations, are set out on the next page.   
1  Amongst the trade receivables there are a number of items that are considered doubtful

Page 166:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 166
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
31 December 2023  
EUR million 
Carrying 
amount 
Contractual  
cash flows 0 – 6 months 6 – 12 months 1 – 2 years 2 – 5 years › 5 years 
Non-derivative financial liabilities 
Bank syndicate loans (62.0) (69.5) (1.6) (1.6) (3.2) (63.1) −
Schuldschein loans (72.2) (82.5) (1.8) (1.8) (23.0) (55.9) −
Lease liabilities (13.5) (15.7) (1.4) (1.4) (2.8) (6.9) (3.2)
Bank overdrafts (7.1) (7.1) (3.0) (4.1) − − −
Other loans and borrowings (10.8) (12.1) (1.6) (1.0) (1.5) (5.5) (2.5)
Trade and other payables  (84.5) (84.5) (84.5) − − − −
Tax liabilities (7.4) (7.4) (7.4) − − − −
Derivative financial assets / liabilities
Interest rate swap contracts 0.7 1.5 0.7 0.4 0.4 0.0 −
Forward exchange contracts (0.2) (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) − − −
Total (257.0) (277.5) (100.7) (9.6) (30.1) (131.4) (5.7) 
31 December 2022  
EUR million 
Carrying 
amount 
Contractual  
cash flows 0 – 6 months 6 – 12 months 1 – 2 years 2 – 5 years › 5 years 
Non-derivative financial liabilities 
Bank syndicate loans (82.5) (89.2) (1.4) (1.4) (2.9) (83.5) – 
Schuldschein loans (72.1) (83.1) (1.4) (1.4) (2.9) (77.4) – 
Lease liabilities (13.2) (15.9) (1.4) (1.4) (4.8) (5.9) (2.4) 
Bank overdrafts (3.1) (3.1) (3.1) – – – – 
Other loans and borrowings (7.2) (7.5) (3.4) (0.4) (0.6) (3.1) –  
Trade and other payables  (83.0) (83.0) (83.0) – – – – 
Tax liabilities (10.3) (10.3) (10.3) – – – – 
 
Derivative financial assets 
Interest rate swap contracts 2.3 1.7 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.1 – 
Forward exchange contracts 0.1 0.1 0.1 – – – – 
Total (273.8)  (293.9) (104.7)  (5.1)  (11.7) (170.0) (2.4) 
 
It is not expected that the cash flows included in the maturity analysis should occur significantly earlier, or at significantly different amounts.   

Page 167:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 167
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Within the scope of the Group’s risk management the Group has hedged the currency and interest risks with derivatives, whereby the hedges  
have been designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
Cash flow hedges (in statement of cash flows) 
The following table indicates the periods in which the cash flows associated with derivatives that are cash flow hedges are expected to occur. 
 
2023  
EUR million 
Carrying 
amount 
Contractual  
cash flows 0 – 6 months 6 – 12 months 1 – 2 years 2 – 5 years › 5 years 
Interest rate swap contracts 
Assets 1.1 1.2 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 −
Liabilities (0.4) 0.3 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.0 −
Forward exchange contracts 
Assets − − − − − − −
Liabilities (0.2) (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) − − −
Total 0.5 1.3 0.6  0.4 0.3 0.0 − 
 
2022  
EUR million 
Carrying 
amount 
Contractual  
cash flows 0 – 6 months 6 – 12 months 1 – 2 years 2 – 5 years › 5 years 
Interest rate swap contracts 
Assets 2.3 1.7 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.1 – 
Liabilities – – – – – – – 
Forward exchange contracts 
Assets 0.1 0.1 0.1 – – – – 
Liabilities – – – – – – – 
Total 2.4 1.8 0.7 0.5 0.5  0.1 – 
 
 
 

Page 168:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 168
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Cash flow hedges (in statement of comprehensive income) 
The following table indicates the periods in which the cash flows associated with derivatives that are cash flow hedges are expected to impact  
the result. 
 
2023   
EUR million 
Carrying 
amount 
Contractual  
cash flows 0 – 6 months 6 – 12 months 1 – 2 years 2 – 5 years › 5 years 
Interest rate swap contracts 
Assets 1.1 1.2 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 −
Liabilities (0.4) 0.3 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.0 −
Forward exchange contracts 
Assets − − − − − − −
Liabilities (0.2) (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) − − −
Total 0.5 1.3 0.6 0.4 0.3 0.0 − 
  
2022   
EUR million 
Carrying 
amount 
Contractual  
cash flows 0 – 6 months 6 – 12 months 1 – 2 years 2 – 5 years › 5 years 
Interest rate swap contracts 
Assets 2.3 1.7 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.1 – 
Liabilities – – – – – – – 
Forward exchange contracts 
Assets 0.1 0.1 0.1 – – – – 
Liabilities – – – – – – – 
Total 2.4 1.8 0.7 0.5 0.5 0.1 – 
 
Interest-rate risk 
Part of the Group’s loans is governed by a floating interest rate (usually 3- or 6-month EURIBOR). In view of the Treasury Policy, the Group hedges  
at least 50% of the floating interest rate exposure. To this extent the Group has outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of in total  
EUR 75 million (2022: EUR 70 million). The aggregate fair value of the outstanding interest rate swaps at 31 December 2023 was EUR 0.7 million  
(2022: EUR 2.3 million). 
 
The following table shows the interest rates prevailing at the financial position date for interest-bearing financial liabilities. The majority of all interest 
expenses relate to senior bank loans. The effective interest rate of these loans equalises the nominal interest rate.   
 

Page 169:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 169
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
2023 2022  
 Currency 
Nominal  
interest 
Year of  
redemption Fair value 
Carrying  
amount Fair value 
Carrying  
amount 
Bank syndicate loans EUR IBOR + 1.3% 2026 62.0 62.0 82.5 82.5 
Schuldschein EUR IBOR +1% to 1.25% 2025-2027 72.2 72.2 72.1 72.1 
Other loans Various 1.40%-5.05% 2024-2030 10.8 10.8 7.2 7.2 
Bank overdrafts China CNY 3.1% 2024 5.5 5.5 2.7 2.7 
Bank overdrafts - other EUR IBOR + 0.8% to 1.6% 2024 1.6 1.6 0.4 0.4 
Lease liabilities  Various 1.5% - 8.3% Various 13.5 13.5 13.2 13.2 
Total interest-bearing debt 165.6 165.6 178.1 178.1 
Sensitivity analysis interest  
Financial assets and liabilities with a fixed interest rate are not recognized at fair value by processing the value changes in profit or loss. For this reason, 
a movement in interest rates across the yield curve at 1 January 2023 would not have had a material effect on the 2023 profit for the period. 
 
The Group has hedged a considerable part of the floating interest rate exposure by means of interest rate swaps. When taking into account these 
swaps and the loans with a fixed rate, in total EUR 74.3 million of the EUR 145.0 million long-term and short-term loans, excluding lease liabilities, at 
financial year-end have an interest rate which is fixed for one year or longer. Based on the interest-bearing debt levels at year-end and expected cash 
flow development, a 1%-point increase in the interest rate across the yield curve as from 1 January 2024, will have an increasing effect on interest 
expenses in 2024 of maximum EUR 0.8 million.   
 

Page 170:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 170
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Exchange rate risk 
The aggregate fair value of the outstanding forward exchange rate contracts concluded to hedge anticipated transactions was EUR 0.2 million negative 
at 31 December 2023 (2022: positive EUR 0.1 million). 
A 10%-point appreciation of the currencies listed hereafter against the euro would increase shareholders’ equity at 31 December 2023 and the result 
for 2023 by the amounts shown in the following table. A 10%-point depreciation of the listed currencies against the euro would have had the opposite 
effect on the result and equity. 
  
31 December 2023 Equity  Result 
US dollar  3.7 0.1
Czech koruna 0.8 (0.3)
Chinese yuan 6.0 0.1
Romanian lei 1.6 (0.2)
Indian rupee 0.2 (0.1)
31 December 2022 Equity  Result 
US dollar  2.8 0.5 
Czech koruna 0.9 (0.3) 
Chinese yuan 5.8 0.1 
Romanian lei 1.8 (0.2) 
Indian rupee 0.3 (0.0) 
 
Principal exchange rates during the reporting period were as follows: 
 
Applicable currency rates 
Value of EUR  At 31 December 2023 At 31 December 2022 Average over 2023
Pound sterling 0.8690 0.8869    0.8705
Czech koruna 24.7237 24.1161 23.9739
Chinese yuan 7.8509 7.3582 7.6554
US dollar 1.1050 1.0666 1.0817
Romanian lei 4.9756 4.9495 4.9517
Swedish krona 11.0959 11.1217 11.4466
Indian rupee 91.9033 88.1679 89.3575

Page 171:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 171
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Fair values of financial instruments 
The following table shows the fair values and carrying amounts of the financial instruments: 
 
2023  2022  
EUR million Carrying amount Fair value Carrying amount  Fair value 
Assets carried at amortized costs 
Receivables (including current tax assets) 70.9 70.9 73.3 73.3 
Cash and cash equivalents 20.6 20.6 37.8 37.8 
Held to maturity investments 0.5 0.5 0.4 0.4 
92.0 92.0 111.5 111.5 
Liabilities carried at amortized costs 
Bank syndicate loans (62.0) (62.0) (82.5) (82.5) 
Schuldschein loans (72.2) (72.2) (72.1) (72.1) 
Other loans (10.8) (10.8) (7.2) (7.2) 
Lease liabilities (13.5) (13.5) (13.2) (13.2) 
Bank overdraft (7.1) (7.1) (3.1) (3.1) 
Trade and other payables (including current tax liabilities) (91.9) (91.9) (93.3) (93.3) 
(257.5) (257.5) (271.4) (271.4) 
Assets / (Liabilities) carried at fair value 
Interest derivatives 0.7 0.7 2.3 2.3 
Forward exchange contracts (0.2) (0.2) 0.1 0.1 
0.5 0.5 2.4  2.4 
 
The Group has no available for sale financial assets and all liabilities at fair value were designated as such upon initial recognition.   
The loans and receivables consist of the trade and other receivables, including the current tax assets in the statement of financial position.  
The forward exchange contracts and interest derivatives are included in the trade and other payables in the statement of financial position.   
 
 
 

Page 172:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 172
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Interest rate used in measuring fair value 
The interest rate used for discounting estimated cash flows, where applicable, is based on the swap curve at 31 December, augmented by the 
prevailing credit mark-up, and is as follows: 
  
 2023  2022 
Derivatives 3.9% 2.2% 
Leases 4.3% 4.3% 
Bank syndicate loans 5.2% 3.5% 
Schulschein loans 4.9% 3.7% 
Other loans 2.8% 1.6% 
Fair value hierarchy 
In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. The fair value calculation method 
of all assets and liabilities carried at amortized costs is categorised in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The table below analyses financial instruments 
carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as follows: 
level 1 quoted prices (unadjusted in active markets for identical assets or liabilities); 
level 2  inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly 
(i.e. derived from prices); 
level 3 inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 
 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 
31 December 2023 
Derivative contracts used for hedging − 0.5 − 0.5
Total − 0.5 − 0.5 
31 December 2022 
Derivative contracts used for hedging – 2.4 – 2.4 
Total –  2.4 – 2.4 
 
Master netting 
The Company has no master netting agreement in place. All derivative instruments are presented individually as either an asset or liability.    

Page 173:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 173
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Leases 
The Group leases buildings, cars, office equipment and forklifts. The lease term varies between 3 to 15 years. For buildings an option to renew the lease 
after the lease period is customary. Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented on several places throughout the financial 
statements: 
 ■ total cash outflow for leases is included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for repayments of lease liabilities EUR 3.2 million  
(2022: EUR 3.3 million) and in note 24 for interest EUR 0.8 million (2022: EUR 0.6 million); 
 ■ the carrying amount of right-of-use assets at the end of the reporting period by class of underlying assets, addition to these assets and   
the depreciation charge for these assets are included in note 1;  
 ■ interest expense on lease liabilities are included in note 24;  
 ■ expenses relating to short-term leases or low-value assets amount to EUR 0.2 million (2022: EUR 0.3 million). 
18
Capital commitments 
As at 31 December 2023 the Group had capital commitments totaling to EUR 6.5 million (2022: EUR 11.6 million). 
19
Contingent assets and liabilities  
The Group had guarantees in particular with regard to rentals, financing facilities and post employee benefits totaling to EUR 0.9 million  
(2022: EUR 1.4 million). 
 
Based on the outcome of certain water samples taken in Austria in the area where a Kendrion site is located – the Austrian Federal State government 
commissioned a further environmental investigation at the Kendrion premises in Austria. The water samples taken in the relevant area showed a slight 
above threshold value of Chlorofluorocarbon. An initial environmental investigation was carried out early 2023. Monitoring is still ongoing at the date 
of issuance of these financial statements. The outcome of the investigation may or may not result in an obligation for restorative action. No reliable 
estimation of a possible obligation can be made and therefore no provision has been recorded. 
 
The Group has divested itself of a number of companies in the past. The customary representations and warranties for transactions of this nature are 
included in the relevant share or asset purchase agreements. The Group, as is customary for transactions of this nature, also issued representations 
and warranties for potential (tax) claims relating to periods prior to the various divestment dates.
The Group has a contingent asset amounting to EUR 0.1 million (2022: EUR 1.5 million) resulting from claims on customers.
20

Page 174:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 174
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Operating segments 
The Group, in accordance with IFRS 8, has included general and entity-wide disclosures in these consolidated financial statements. 
 
Geographical segments based on physical location of the Group operating companies 
The revenue and non-current assets per geographic area are specified below. 
 
The Netherlands  Germany   Other  European countries
EUR million 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 
Revenue from transactions with third parties 15.0 12.2 309.4 309.9 97.2 94.0
Other non-current assets   24.2 25.2 157.7 157.0 22.8 23.6
Deferred tax assets 1.7 2.6 9.3 8.2 0.3 0.1
Net liability for defined benefit obligations – – 6.0 8.2 0.3 0.2
 
  Asia1  The Americas  Consolidated 
EUR million 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 
Revenue from transactions with third parties 45.3 51.4 51.6 51.8 518.5 519.3 
Other non-current assets 41.2 35.9 15.5 17.1 261.4 258.8 
Deferred tax assets 6.9 6.2 1.9 2.6 20.1 19.7 
Net liability for defined benefit obligations –  –    –  –    6.3 8.4 
 
Revenue segmented by customer location  
EUR million 2023  2022 
Germany 192.0 203.6
Other European countries 170.7 151.1 
Asia 1 68.2 73.4 
The Americas 84.6 88.4 
Other countries 3.0 2.8 
Total 518.5 519.3
 
 
1  Mainly related to China 
21

Page 175:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 175
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Information about reportable segments 
Kendrion has split all activities over three segments: Automotive Core, Automotive E and Industrial. Based on the structure of the Group and the criteria 
of IFRS 8 – Operating segments, Kendrion has concluded it has four operating segments, the business groups Industrial Brakes and Industrial Actuators 
and Controls and Automotive Core and Automotive E, which are subgroups to the business group Automotive. Last year, we aggregated the operating 
segments Automotive Core and Automotive E into one reporting segment being Automotive. When looking at the current market developments, long 
term financial performance and aggregation criteria in IFRS 8 we deem it appropriate to classify both operating segments as two reporting segments as 
of 2023. Given the fact that the change to two operating segments and thus the internal reporting to the Chief Operating Decision Maker only happened 
in the last months in 2022 we don’t have financial figures available for the full year and have therefore not included the comparative figures for Automotive 
Core and Automotive E.  
Based on the aggregation criteria of IFRS 8, Industrial Brakes and Industrial Actuators and Controls have been aggregated into one reportable 
segment. The industrial activities of the business units Industrial Brakes and Industrial Actuators and Controls focus on developing and manufacturing 
electromagnetic systems and components for industrial applications. These business units also have similar economic characteristics and display a 
number of similarities with respect to their technology, production processes, equipment and customers.
 
Industrial  
Automotive 
Core
Automotive  
E
Automotive 
Total
Automotive 
Total Consolidated  
EUR million  2023 2022 2023 2023 2023 2022 2023 2022 
Revenue from transactions with third parties  256.5 276.5 189.5 72.5 262.0 242.8 518.5 519.3 
Inter-segment revenue  0.0 0.0 0.1 0.0 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 
 
EBITDA1   34.6 46.9 22.8 (6.8) 16.0 (53.5) 50.6 (6.6) 
EBITDA as a % of revenue1  13.5% 17.0% 12.1% (9.4)% 6.1% (22.0)% 9.8% (1.3)% 
 
Normalized EBITDA1    36.1 47.5 23.6 (6.6) 17.0 9.9 53.1 57.4 
Normalized EBITDA as a % of revenue1  14.1% 17.2% 12.4% (9.1)% 6.5% 4.1% 10.2% 11.1% 
 
Reportable segment assets  278.9 272.8 116.8 66.6 183.4 203.8 462.3 476.6 
Reportable segment employees (FTE)  1,233 1,346 1,204 169 1,373 1,407 2,606 2,753 
 
Disaggregation revenue   
EUR million  2023  2022 
Revenue from serial produced goods 510.8 512.2 
Revenue from engineering and samples  7.7 7.1 
Total  518.5 519.3 
1  Non-IFRS financial measure. For the definition and reconciliation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure, refer to reconciliation of non-IFRS information, starting on page 207

Page 176:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 176
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Staff costs 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Wages and salaries 117.6  119.9  
Social security charges 20.2  20.5  
Temporary personnel 8.0  8.2  
Contributions to defined contribution plans 1.1  0.8  
Expenses related to defined benefit plans 0.0  0.0  
Increase in liability for long-service leave 0.1  0.1  
Other costs of personnel 4.5  4.1  
151.5  153.6  
Total number of employees and temporary workers at 31 December (FTE) 2,606  2,753  
The number of employees and temporary workers at 31 December 2023 (FTE) working in the Netherlands is 112 (2022: 100). The staff costs 2023 
include EUR 1.6 million costs related to restructuring measures (2022: EUR 5.3 million). The staff costs 2023 include a EUR 0.9 million government 
grant for R&D activities (2022: EUR 0.8 million). 
22
Other operating expenses 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Increase/(Decrease) in provision for doubtful debts 0.1  (0.1) 
Premises costs 7.8  9.1  
Maintenance expenses 10.8  11.1  
Transport expenses 2.7  2.6  
Consultancy expenses 9.4  11.5  
Sales and promotion expenses 1.1  1.4  
Car, travel and representation costs 3.0  3.1  
Insurance 2.4  2.2  
Other 3.4  2.7  
40.7  43.6  
The other operating expenses 2023 include EUR 0.8 million costs related to the restructuring measures (2022: EUR 0.6 million). 
Research & Development expenses (including staff and other operating expenses) for 2023 totaled EUR 27.0 million (2022: EUR 29.4 million). 
23

Page 177:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 177
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Net finance costs 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Interest income 0.2  0.0  
Net exchange gain –  –   
Finance income  0.2  0.0  
Interest expenses (7.5)  (4.2) 
Interest expenses related to lease liabilities (0.8)  (0.6) 
Interest expenses related to employee benefits (0.3)  (0.1) 
Net exchange loss (1.5)  (0.2) 
Finance expense (10.1)  (5.1) 
Net financing costs (9.9)  (5.1) 
24
Income tax 
EUR million 2023   2022  
Current tax charge on year under review (4.0) (6.6) 
Total corporation tax expenses in the income statement (4.0) (6.6)  
25
Reconciliation of effective tax rate 
Reconciliation effective tax rate Reconciliation in EUR million 
 2023 2022 2023 2022 
Profit before income tax  13.9 (39.7) 
Income tax expense at local corporation tax rate 25.8%  25.8%  3.6 (10.2)  
Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions (4.2)% 2.2% (0.6) (0.9) 
Non-deductible expenses 2.7% (39.1)% 0.4 15.4 
Tax exempt income (0.4)% 0.0% (0.1) 0.0 
Changes in estimates related to prior years 9.8% (5.5)% 1.3 2.2 
Current-year losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognized 0.0% (2.5)% - 1.0 
Additional deductible items (4.7)% 1.7% (0.7) (0.7) 
Other movements 0.4% 0.6% 0.1 (0.2) 
29.4%  (16.8)% 4.0 6.6  
Non-deductible expenses include the effect of partially deductible interest cost, additional deductible items reflect double deduction of R&D cost  
in China.   
26

Page 178:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 178
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Related parties 
Identity of related parties 
A related-party relationship exists between the Company and its subsidiaries, their managers and executives. The Company has a number of 
agreements with its subsidiaries relating to the charging of central costs to and from the business units, including management, development, 
information technology and marketing costs, as well as agreements in respect of Group financing and use of intellectual property. Internal supplies  
are also obtained within the business units. Intercompany transactions are effectuated at arm’s length market prices. As all subsidiaries are fully 
consolidated and reflected in these financial statements, the amounts of these transactions are not further specified. For a list of the subsidiaries,  
see pages 205-206. 
  
Compensations of key management personnel 
The remuneration of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board is as follows: 
 
EUR thousand 2023  2022 
Short-term benefits 1,500.8 1,491.3
Post-employment benefits 150.0 145.0
Other long-term benefits  – –
Share-based payments 71.9 359.7
Termination benefits – –
1,722.7 1,996.0 
The total remuneration is included in staff costs (see note 22). For a description of the remuneration policy of the members of the Executive Board,  
see pages 96-112.
 
The CEO will, based on this performance, receive a variable remuneration of 48.72% of his gross fixed remuneration. The CEO’s gross variable 
remuneration amounts to EUR 269,584 (2022: EUR 267,438) which will be paid in cash. 
The CFO will, based on this performance, receive a variable remuneration of 32.57% of his gross fixed remuneration. The CFO’s gross variable 
remuneration amounts to EUR 111,548 (2022: EUR 95,023) which will be paid in cash. 
 
Kendrion applies a share ownership guideline for members of the Executive Board of 100% of the annual fixed gross base salary for the CEO and 50% 
of the annual fixed gross salary of the CFO. This shareholding has to be gradually built up with performance shares earned under the long-term share 
incentive, subject to the sell-to-cover concept as prescribed by the ‘Share ownership guideline’. 
 
The amount charged to the profit or loss regarding the long-term variable remuneration policy was EUR 71,936 (2022: EUR 359,700). 
 
27

Page 179:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 179
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The vesting and holding periods for (conditional) shares awarded to the CEO are specified as follows: 
CEO (J.A.J. van Beurden)  Number of shares Expiry vesting period  Expiry holding period 
2023  22,030 Expiry performance period 2023-2025 End of 2027
2022  16,144 Expiry performance period 2022-2024 End of 2026
2021  20,245 Expiry performance period 2021-2023 End of 2025 
2020  16,533 Expiry performance period 2020-2022 End of 2024 
2019  11,559 Expiry performance period 2019-2021 End of 2023 
CFO (J.H. Hemmen) Number of shares Expiry vesting period  Expiry holding period 
2023 11,363 Expiry performance period 2023-2025 End of 2027
2022  8,194 Expiry performance period 2022-2024 End of 2026
2021 9,533 Expiry performance period 2021-2023 End of 2025 
2020 6,769 Expiry performance period 2020-2022 End of 2024 
2019 2,409 Expiry performance period 2019-2021 End of 2023 
Pensions 
The Executive Board participates in the defined contribution plan of the Company. For 2023, the contribution to the pension insurer was EUR 41,958 
(2022: EUR 37,124) for the CEO and EUR 30,147 (2022: EUR 27,017) for the CFO.   
  
Transactions with shareholders 
There were no transactions with shareholders, except for the dividend payment, which is disclosed under note 10.  
 
Other related party transactions 
There were no transactions with other related parties.  

Page 180:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 180
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Other notes 
The subsidiary Kendrion Holding Germany GmbH, Markdorf, Germany included in these consolidated financial statements makes use of § 264(3) HGB 
(German Commercial Code). In accordance with that rule, the consolidated financial statements of Kendrion Holding Germany GmbH as of  
31 December 2022 were not published. A complete list of all subsidiaries is available from the Amtsgericht in Freiburg im Breisgau (number HRB 
704749) and from the Company offices. The following German legal entities are consolidated in these consolidated financial statements: Kendrion 
(Villingen) GmbH, Kendrion (Donaueschingen/Engelswies) GmbH, Kendrion (Markdorf) GmbH, Kendrion Kuhnke GmbH, Kendrion Kuhnke Automation 
GmbH, Kendrion Kuhnke Automotive GmbH, Kendrion FAS Controls Holding GmbH, Kendrion INTORQ GmbH, INTORQ Beteiligungs-GmbH and 
Kendrion IP Management GmbH. 
The subsidiary Kendrion (UK) Ltd. (registration number 1124810), Bradford, United Kingdom included in these consolidated financial statements is 
exempt from the requirements of section 479A (audit of accounts) of the Companies Act 2006. 
28
Post-balance sheet events 
There were no post-balance sheet events that have to be taken into account in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  
31 December 2023. 
29

Page 181:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 181
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Company  
income  
statement
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Note EUR million 2023  2022
 
Fixed assets
Property, plant and equipment 0.6  0.6 
Intangible assets –  0.0 
Other investments, including derivatives 0.1  0.2 
1.3 Financial fixed assets 228.4  221.2 
Total non-current assets 229.1  222.0 
Current assets
1.4 Receivables 1.2  1.0 
Cash and cash equivalents 0.0  0.0 
Total current assets 1.2  1.0 
Total assets 230.3  223.0 
1.5 Equity 
Share capital 30.6  30.2 
Share premium 37.3  38.4 
Legal reserves 14.2  19.0 
Other reserves 80.0  133.7 
Net profit/ (loss) for the period 9.9  (46.3) 
Total equity 172.0  175.0 
1.6 Current liabilities
Loans and borrowings 56.5  46.3 
Payables 1.8  1.7 
Total current liabilities 58.3  48.0 
Total equity and liabilities 230.3  223.0 
COMPANY BALANCE SHEET AT 31 DECEMBER 
(before profit appropriation)

Page 182:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 182
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
COMPANY INCOME STATEMENT
Note EUR million 2023  2022
Revenue –  –  
1.8 Other income 5.5  5.4 
Total revenue and other income 5.5  5.4 
1.9 Staff costs 4.6  5.0 
Depreciation and amortization 0.1  0.1 
Other operating expenses 1.8  1.8 
Result before net finance costs (1.0)  (1.5)
Finance income –  –
Finance expense (2.3)  (1.6)
Profit before income tax (3.3)  (3.1)
Income tax expense (0.4)  (1.1)
Profit for the period (3.7)  (4.2)
Share in results of Group companies after tax 13.6 (42.1)
1.10 Net profit/ (loss) for the period 9.9  (46.3) 

Page 183:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 183
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Notes to the company financial statements 
General 
The Company financial statements are part of the 2023 financial statements of Kendrion N.V. (the ‘Company’). The Company is registered  
at the Chamber of Commerce in The Netherlands under number: 30113646. 
 
Principles of valuation of assets and liabilities and determination of results 
In selecting the principles employed in the company financial statements for the valuation of assets and liabilities and determination of results,  
Kendrion N.V. has made use of the option provided by Section 362, subsection 8, of Book 2 of the Netherlands Civil Code. Consequently,  
the principles employed in the Company financial statements of Kendrion N.V. for the valuation of assets and liabilities and determination of results  
(the ‘accounting policies’) are identical to those employed in the consolidated EU-IFRS financial statements. Interests in entities in which Kendrion N.V. 
has significant influence are measured using the equity method. The consolidated EU-IFRS financial statements have been prepared in accordance  
with the standards adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed for use in the European Union (hereinafter referred to as 
‘EU-IFRS’). These policies are discussed in notes a – t 
 
Financial fixed assets 
EUR million 
Interest in Group 
companies 
Loans to Group 
companies Deferred tax Total 2023 Total 2022 
Carrying amount at 1 January  220.1  –    1.1  221.2 259.5  
Results of Group companies 13.6 – – 13.6 (42.1)
Movements in deferred tax assets – – (0.5) (0.5) (1.0)
Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operations (4.8) – – (4.8) 1.8
Other movements (1.1) – – (1.1) 3.0
Carrying amount at 31 December 227.8 – 0.6 228.4 221.2 
Receivables    
EUR million 2023  2022 
Receivables from Group companies 0.6  0.6  
Prepayments and accrued income 0.6  0.4  
1.2  1.0  
All receivables are due within one year. 
1
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page 184:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 184
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Equity 
EUR million 
 Share  
capital  
Share  
premium 
Translation 
reserve 
Hedge  
reserve  
Reserve for 
participations 
Reserve for  
own shares  
Other  
reserves 
Result for the 
year Total 2023 Total 2022 
Balance at 1 January  30.2   38.4   9.4   1.8   7.8   (1.8)  135.5   (46.3)  175.0  223.0  
Appropriation of retained earnings – – – – – – (46.3) 46.3 –  –   
Foreign currency translation differences  
for foreign operations – – (4.8) – – – – – (4.8)  1.8  
Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges,  
net of income tax – – – (1.5) – – – – (1.5)  1.6  
Issue of ordinary shares 0.4 2.7 – – – – (0.0) – 3.1   3.1  
Own shares issued – – – – – 0.8 (0.0) – 0.8  –   
Share-based payment transactions – – – – – 1.0 (1.0) – 0.0  0.5  
Dividends to equity holders – (3.8) – – – – (7.1) – (10.9)  (10.2) 
Other – – – – 1.5 – (1.1) – 0.4  1.5  
Net profit/ (loss) for the period – – – – – – – 9.9 9.9  (46.3)  
Balance at 31 December 30.6 37.3 4.6 0.3 9.3 – 80.0 9.9 172.0  175.0  
Share capital 
The authorized capital of the Company amounts to EUR 80 million, divided into 40 million ordinary shares of EUR 2.00 each, of which 15,276,014 
ordinary shares have been issued (2022: 15,114,621) . 
 
Share premium 
The share premium represents revenue from shares issued at more than their nominal value (issued above par). The issued and paid share capital, 
including share premium, is fiscally recognized capital. 
 
Translation reserve 
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries outside  
the euro zone. Gains and losses relating to the translation risk are recognized in equity. The build-up of the cumulative figure commenced  
on 1 January 2004. 
 
Hedge reserve 
The hedge reserve comprises the effective share of the cumulative net movement in the fair value of cash-flow hedging instruments relating  
to hedged transactions that have not yet been executed. 
 
1.5
1.5.1
1.5.2
1.5.3
1.5.4

Page 185:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 185
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Statutory reserve for participations 
This reserve pertains to participating interests that are accounted for according to the equity accounting method. The reserve represents the difference 
between the participating interests’ retained profit and direct changes in equity, as determined on the basis of the Company’s accounting policies, and 
the share thereof that the Company may distribute. It is shown as the share in the undistributed results of the subsidiaries since they were first valued 
using the equity method. The amount of any dividend – from these subsidiaries – to which there is an entitlement on adoption of the financial statements 
is deducted from this reserve. 
 
Reserve for own shares 
The reserve for the Company’s own shares comprises the cost of the Company shares that are held by the Company for the remuneration package for 
the Executive Board. At 31 December 2023, the Company held 0 of its own shares (2022: 88,316). 
 
Other reserves 
Other reserves are all the reserves other than those shown separately and comprise primarily the cumulative, undistributed profits from previous financial 
years. 
 
Retained earnings 
In 2023, the full result for 2022 was included in other reserves. Retained earnings consequently consist solely of the result for 2023. 
 
Current liabilities   
EUR million 2023  2022 
Debts to Group companies 56.0  45.8  
Lease liability 0.5  0.5  
Trade payables 0.7  0.7  
Other payables and accrued expenses  1.1  1.0  
58.3  48.0  
An amount of EUR 0.4 million is included on the line lease liability that is due after 2024 (2022: EUR 0.4 million).
Financial instruments 
See note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for details on financial instruments. 
 
Other income 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Management fee 5.5 5.4 
Other – – 
5.5 5.4  
1.5.5
1.5.6
1.5.7
1.5.8
1.6
1.7
1.8

Page 186:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 186
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Staff costs   
EUR million 2023  2022 
Wages and salaries 3.5  4.1  
Social security charge 0.2  0.2  
Pension costs 0.6  0.5  
Other costs of personnel 0.3   0.2  
4.6  5.0  
Total number of employees and temporary workers at 31 December (FTE) 19  18  
The Company has only defined contribution plans for its employees. 
 
Profit appropriation 
Appropriation of net profit 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Net profit 9.9  (46.3) 
The Executive Board has decided, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, that the net profit of EUR 9.9 million will be added to the other reserves. 
 
Commitments not appearing on the balance sheet 
Joint and several liability and guarantees 
The Company and its Group companies have issued guarantees mainly in the context of the financing by financial institutions.  
The Company has issued declarations of joint and several liability, as referred to in Section 403 of Book 2 of the Netherlands Civil Code, for: 
 ■ Combattant Holding B.V., De Bilt; 
 ■ Kendrion Finance B.V., Zeist; 
 ■ 3T B.V., Enschede;
 ■ Kendrion Marketing B.V., Zeist.
 
Kendrion N.V. has a guarantee which relates to the rent of the office in Amsterdam totaling to EUR 0.0 million (2022: EUR 0.0 miilion). 
 
Fiscal unity 
The Company and its Dutch subsidiaries excluding 3T B.V. form a tax group for corporation tax purposes.  
According to the standard terms, each of the companies is jointly and severally liable for corporation tax payable by all the members of the fiscal unity. 
1.9
1.10
1.11
1.11.1
1.11.2

Page 187:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 187
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Post-balance sheet events 
There were no post-balance sheet events that have to be taken into account in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  
31 December 2023. 
 
Fees to the auditor 
With reference to Section 2:382a of the Netherlands Civil Code, the following fees have been charged by Deloitte Accountants B.V. and its member 
firms and affiliates in 2023 and 2022 to the Company, its subsidiaries and other consolidated entities: 
2023 2022 
EUR thousand 
Deloitte  
Accountants B.V. 
Other Deloitte 
member firms  
and affiliates 
Total  
Deloitte 
Deloitte  
Accountants B.V. 
Other Deloitte 
member firms  
and affiliates 
Total  
Deloitte 
Audit of financial statements 516.9 405.0 921.9 488.1 375.0 863.1 
Other assurance services 33.5 − 33.5 31.0 – 31.0 
Tax advisory services − − − – – – 
Other non-audit services − − − – – – 
Total  550.4 405.0 955.4 519.1 375.0 894.1 
Remuneration of and share ownership by the Executive Board and Supervisory Board 
Remuneration of the Executive Board 
The remuneration of current Executive Board members charged to the Company and Group companies, including pension expenses as referred  
to in Section 383, subsection 1, of Book 2 of the Netherlands Civil Code, amounted to EUR 1,507,800 (2022: EUR 1,785,100 ). This remuneration  
is as follows: 
 
2023 2022 
EUR thousand J.A.J. van Beurden J. H. Hemmen  Total J.A.J. van Beurden J. H. Hemmen  Total 
Fixed remuneration 553.3 342.5 895.8  550.0  335.0  885.0 
Short-term variable remuneration 269.6 111.5 381.1  267.4  95.0  362.4 
Long-term variable remuneration 48.9 23.0 71.9  255.2  104.5  359.7 
Total remuneration 871.8 477.0 1,348.8  1,072.6  534.5  1,607.1 
Pension and other expenses 80.4 78.6 159.0  80.4  97.6  178.0 
Total  952.2 555.6 1,507.8  1,153.0  632.1  1,785.1 
The 2023 short-term variable remuneration will be paid in cash after income tax. 
For more information on the long-term variable remuneration see pages 178.
1.12
1.13
1.14

Page 188:
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Annual Integrated Report 2023 188
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Remuneration of the Supervisory Board 
The total remuneration of current and former Supervisory Board members in 2023 amounts to EUR 215 thousand (2022: EUR 211 thousand). 
This remuneration is as follows: 
 
EUR thousand 2023  2022  
Supervisory Board Members: 
E. Slijkhuis (appointed as of 17 April 2023) 37  –   
F. van Hout 65  65  
M.J.G. Mestrom 49  49  
J.T.M. van der Meijs (stepped down as from 17 April 2023) 16  49  
E.M. Doll 48  48  
215  211  
No loans, advances or related guarantees have been given to the Executive Board or Supervisory Board members. 
 
Share ownership by the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board 
  31 December 2023 31 December 2022 
Executive Board J.A.J. van Beurden  56,835  36,867 
J.H. Hemmen  11,403  4,090 
Supervisory Board F. van Hout 11,800  7,300 
 
Amsterdam, February 28, 2024 
 
Executive Board  Supervisory Board 
J.A.J. van Beurden  F. van Hout 
J.H. Hemmen  M.J.G. Mestrom 
   E. Slijkhuis 
   E.M. Doll 
 

Page 189:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 189
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Provisions in the Articles of Association governing the appropriation of profit
Under article 35.1 and 35.2 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Executive Board shall, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, 
determine which part of the profits is added to the reserves. The profit remaining after transfer to the reserves is available to the General Meeting of 
Shareholders. The Company can only make payments to the shareholders and other parties entitled to the distributable profit insofar as the 
shareholders’ equity exceeds the paid-up and called-up part of the capital plus the statutory reserves and exceeds the amounts resulting from  
the distribution test, performed by the Executive Board at the date of each dividend payment.  
OTHER INFORMATION

Page 190:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 190
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders and the Supervisory Board of Kendrion N.V. 
 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 2023 included in the annual report 
 
Our opinion 
We have audited the financial statements 2023 of Kendrion N.V., based in Amsterdam. The financial statements comprise the consolidated financial 
statements and the company financial statements.
In our opinion: 
 ■ The accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of Kendrion N.V. as at 31 December 2023, 
and of its result and its cash flows for 2023 in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
 ■ The accompanying company financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of Kendrion N.V. as at 31 December 2023,  
and of its result for 2023 in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
 
The consolidated financial statements comprise: 
1.  The consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023.
2.   The following statements for 2023: the consolidated statement of financial position, the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows.
3.  The notes comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.
The company financial statements comprise: 
1.  The company balance sheet as at 31 December 2023.
2.  The company income statement for 2023.
3.  The notes comprising a summary of the accounting policies and other explanatory information.
 
Basis for our opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are 
further described in the ‘Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements’ section of our report.
Deloitte Accountants B.V. is registered with the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Rotterdam number
24362853. Deloitte Accountants B.V. is a Netherlands affiliate of Deloitte NSE LLP , a member firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited.

Page 191:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 191
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
We are independent of Kendrion N.V. in accordance with the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities, 
the Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties (Wta, Audit firms supervision act), the Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-
opdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant independence regulations 
in the Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics).
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Information in support of our opinion
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon. The following 
information in support of our opinion was addressed in this context, and we do not provide a separate opinion or conclusion on these matters.
 
Materiality 
Based on our professional judgement we determined the materiality for the financial statements as a whole at € 1,100,000 (2022: € 1,500,000).  
We used Profit before Tax and EBITDA as benchmarks for the calculation of our materiality. The materiality is approx. 8% of profit before tax and 2%  
of EBITDA. We have also taken into account misstatements and/or possible misstatements that in our opinion are material for the users of the financial 
statements for qualitative reasons.
Component audits are performed using materiality levels determined by the judgement of the group audit team, considering materiality for  
the consolidated financial statements as a whole and the reporting structure of the group. Component materiality did not exceed € 577,500  
(2022: € 787,500).
We agreed with the Supervisory Board that misstatements in excess of € 55,000 (2022: € 75,000), which are identified during the audit, would be 
reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our view must be reported on qualitative grounds.
 
Scope of the group audit 
Kendrion N.V. is at the head of a group of entities. The financial information of this group is included in the consolidated financial statements  
of Kendrion N.V.
In establishing the overall group audit strategy and plan, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed at the components by the group 
engagement team and by the auditors of the components. We directed and supervised the work of our component auditors as part of the group audit. 
Our group audit mainly focused on significant group entities in terms of size and financial interest, significant risk or where complex activities are present. 

Page 192:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 192
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
For the selected component audit teams, the group audit team provided detailed written instructions, which, in addition to communicating our 
requirements of component audit teams, also detailed significant audit areas, including awareness for risks related to management override of controls 
and revenue recognition. Furthermore, we developed a plan for overseeing component audit teams based on its relative significance and specific risk 
characteristics. Our oversight procedures included a combination of live and virtual meetings with the component auditor, including working paper 
reviews. We also reviewed component audit team deliverables to gain a sufficient understanding of the work performed based on our instructions.
The nature, timing and extent of our oversight procedures varied based on both quantitative and qualitative considerations.
By performing the procedures mentioned above at group entities, together with additional procedures at group level, we have been able to obtain 
sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about the group’s financial information to provide an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Audit approach fraud risks 
We identified and assessed the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements due to fraud. During our audit we obtained an understanding 
of the entity and its environment and the components of the system of internal control, including the risk assessment process and management’s 
process for responding to the risks of fraud and monitoring the system of internal control and how the supervisory board exercises oversight, as well as 
the outcomes.
We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system of internal control and in particular the fraud risk assessment, as well as among others the 
code of conduct, whistle blower procedures and incident registration. We evaluated the design and the implementation of internal controls designed to 
mitigate fraud risks.
As part of our process of identifying fraud risks, we evaluated fraud risk factors with respect to financial reporting fraud, misappropriation of assets and 
bribery and corruption. We evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of material misstatement due fraud is present. In line with last two years 
we involved forensic specialists who performed these procedures in close co-operation with us.
We performed, amongst others, the following specific procedures together with our component auditors:
 ■ We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit. We also considered the outcome of our other audit procedures and evaluated whether 
any findings were indicative of fraud or non-compliance.
 ■ We considered available information and made enquiries of relevant executives , directors (including but not limited to, e.g. General Counsel, Internal 
Audit, and Financial Controllers.) and the Supervisory Board.
 ■ We tested the appropriateness of journal entries recorded in the general ledger and other adjustments made in the preparation of the financial 
statements.
 ■ Our Forensic Specialists were involved in the oversight of several components and were present during discussions with component auditors, which 
were selected based on complexity, risk and/or size.

Page 193:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 193
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
 ■ We evaluated whether the selection and application of accounting policies by the entity, particularly those related to subjective measurements and 
complex transactions, may be indicative of fraudulent financial reporting.
 ■ We evaluated whether the judgments and decisions made by management in making the accounting estimates included in the financial statements 
indicate a possible bias that may represent a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. Management insights, estimates and assumptions that 
might have a major impact on the financial statements are disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements. We performed a retrospective 
review of management judgments and assumptions related to significant accounting estimates reflected in prior year financial statements.
 ■ For significant transactions we evaluated whether the business rationale of the transactions suggests that they may have been entered into to 
engage in fraudulent financial reporting or to conceal misappropriation of assets.
 ■ We assessed the impact of the cyber security incident in August 2023, which involved an authorized third party that gained access to the 
Company’s systems. Among others, we performed the following procedures to assess the impact of the cyber security incident on Kendrion’s 
operations and financial statements:
 ■ we and our component audit teams have performed inquiries with management and other relevant personnel;
 ■ we have assessed the work performed by management’s cyber expert;
 ■ Considered and performed additional testing on manual journal entries around the period of the cyber-attack;
 ■ Considered the impact of the cyber-attack on internal controls and our risk assessment; and
 ■ Analyzed trends in revenue, margins and other accounts subsequent to the downtime of the system.
 ■ In performing these procedures, we used the support of our component auditors, IT-specialists and forensic specialists.
 
This did not lead to indications for fraud potentially resulting in material misstatements.
Audit approach compliance with laws and regulations 
We assessed the laws and regulations relevant to the entity through discussion with relevant employees, discussion with component teams, reading 
minutes and reports of internal audit. We involved our forensic specialists in this evaluation.
As a result of our risk assessment procedures, and while realizing that the effects from non-compliance could considerably vary, we considered the 
following laws and regulations: adherence to (corporate) tax law and financial reporting regulations, the requirements under the International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code with a direct effect on the financial 
statements as an integrated part of our audit procedures, to the extent material for the financial statements.
We obtained sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding provisions of those laws and regulations generally recognized to have a direct effect on the 
financial statements.
Apart from these, the entity is subject to other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on 
amounts and/or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance, through imposing fines or litigation. Our procedures are more limited with respect 
to these laws and regulations that do not have a direct effect on the determination of the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.                                                                                                                    

Page 194:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 194
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Compliance with these laws and regulations may be fundamental to the operating aspects of the business, to the entity’s ability to continue its business, 
or to avoid material penalties (e.g., compliance with the terms of operating licenses and permits or compliance with environmental regulations) and 
therefore non-compliance with such laws and regulations may have a material effect on the financial statements. Our responsibility is limited to 
undertaking specified audit procedures to help identify non-compliance with those laws and regulations that may have a material effect on the financial 
statements. Our procedures are limited to (i) inquiry of management, the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board and others within the entity as to 
whether the entity is in compliance with such laws and regulations and (ii) inspecting correspondence, if any, with the relevant licensing or regulatory 
authorities to help identify non-compliance with those laws and regulations that may have a material effect on the financial statements.
In addition to the aforementioned we used a specific artificial intelligence solution with automatically analyzes worldwide news about Kendrion. Naturally, 
we remained alert to indications of (suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit.
Finally, we obtained written representations that all known instances of (suspected) fraud or non-compliance with laws and regulations have been 
disclosed to us.
Audit approach going concern 
Under the going concern basis of accounting, the financial statements are prepared on the assumption that the entity is a going concern and will 
continue its operations for the foreseeable future, defined as until 31 December 2023. The Executive Board is of the opinion that, based on the current 
state of affairs, it is justified that the financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.
We have evaluated management’s assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. In evaluating management’s assessment,  
we considered whether management’s assessment includes all relevant information of which we are aware as a result of the audit.
We have evaluated the Company’s going concern assessment and performed (amongst others) the following procedures:
 ■ Analyzing and discussing cash flow, profit and other relevant forecasts with management;
 ■ Analyzing and discussing the entity’s latest available internal reportings;
 ■ Reading the terms of debt covenants and determining whether any have been breached;
 ■ Reading minutes of those charged with governance and relevant committees for reference to financing difficulties;
 ■ Inquiring of the entity’s Legal Counsel regarding the existence of litigation and claims and the reasonableness of management’s assessments of their 
outcome and the estimate of their financial implications;
 ■ Performing audit procedures regarding subsequent events to identify those that either mitigate or otherwise affect the entity’s ability to continue  
as a going concern;
 ■ Discussion with component auditors about facts and circumstances which might be relevant for the going concern assessment at group level.
 ■ Analyzing the Company’s assessment on the impact of the current market developments (i.e. demand volatility and increasing raw material prices).
Based on the procedure performed we concur with management’s evaluation.

Page 195:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 195
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
 
Our key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements. We have 
communicated the key audit matters to the Supervisory Board. The key audit matters are not a comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters.
In prior year, we included the goodwill impairment related to the Automotive Core CGU, the general IT controls and group audit as separate key audit 
matters. In the current year, we have no longer included the goodwill impairment for Automotive Core as key audit matter, as this was impaired in 2022. 
This year, we also considered the valuation of deferred tax assets, specifically related to China, to be a key audit matter.
1. General IT controls 
Description 
Kendrion has operations in different countries that use one 
groupwide Financial IT platform (excl. INTORQ), which is located 
and maintained in Villingen, Germany. In the last couple of years, 
management has been in the process of establishing a formal IT 
control framework and further enhancing the internal controls 
surrounding the overall IT environment. We consider Kendrion’s IT 
landscape and general IT controls over financial reporting as our 
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate for our 
audit. We have included general IT controls as a key audit matter 
because the importance of these controls on the group’s control 
environment.
How the key audit matter was addressed in the audit 
We have evaluated the Group’s relevant general IT controls, including standard processes and procedures. Our work 
consisted of assessing the main characteristics of the IT infrastructure and applications and of testing the relevant internal 
controls related to the infrastructure, applications and related processes.
IT audit specialists have been deployed to assist us with testing the group’s general IT controls.
 
Observation 
We observed that management has made further improvements in remediating control deficiencies detected by us in 
previous years in relation to the General IT Controls. However, we concluded that (parts of) certain control deficiencies still 
existed during the year and therefore we were not able to rely on the general IT controls for the audit of 2023.  
As a result we applied a substantive audit approach. 

Page 196:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 196
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
2. Valuation of a deferred tax asset related to carry forward losses in China
Description 
Kendrion has recognized a deferred tax asset related to carry 
forward losses in China of € 6,6 million which is disclosed under 
note 4 to the financial statements. The deferred tax asset for carry 
forward losses in China represents approx. 69% of the total 
deferred tax assets for carry forward losses recognized per 
balance sheet date, and therefore represents a significant portion 
of this balance. Management has recognized this asset to the 
extent that they consider it probable that taxable profit will be 
available in the foreseeable future based on budget and mid-term 
plans. As this is dependent to a large extent on estimates and 
assumptions made by management and a recent history of 
reported losses in China, the accounting treatment is subject to 
uncertainties. Therefore we have classified this as a Key Audit 
Matter.
How the key audit matter was addressed in the audit 
We have performed the following audit procedures:
 ■ As part of our group audit oversight proceduresand to gain a better understanding of theChinese market, we have visited 
the newKendrion factory in Suzhou, China, and heldmeetings with local management and ourcomponent audit team 
about, amongst others,the operations and business outlook.
 ■ We obtained and reviewed the Company’sposition paper on the recognition of the deferredtax asset related to carry 
forward losses.
 ■ We have assessed the accounting treatment ofthe deferred tax asset related to carry forwardlosses in cooperation with 
our component auditteam in China.
 ■ We have tested management’s assumptions related to management’s forecast on realizing sufficient taxable profit in the 
foreseeable future.
 ■ Specifically, we have challenged management on their assumptions made with regards to its budgets and business plans 
and assessed the volumes, prices and margins with the underlying contracts and supporting calculations;
 ■ We have verified that the disclosure is in accordance with IAS 12.
We have adopted a substantive audit approach and did not rely on internal controls.
Observation 
Based on our work performed, we conclude that management has sufficiently substantiated its assumptions in realizing 
sufficient taxable profit in the foreseeable future. We therefore concur with management’s assessment in recognizing the 
deferred tax asset for carry forward losses related to China.

Page 197:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 197
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
3. Group audit 
Description 
Kendrion is a global organization which operates in 9 countries 
and has 20 different locations in Europe, the Americas and 
Asia. Almost all revenue and result before net finance costs are 
generated outside the Netherlands and are audited by component 
auditors of the Deloitte network. The direction and oversight of the 
components is a substantial part of the audit of the consolidated 
financial statement.
How the key audit matter was addressed in the audit 
We have performed the following audit procedures:
 ■ We performed audit procedures at group level in areas such as IFRS 16, share-based payments, consolidation, 
reporting, goodwill impairment testing and taxation. Specialists were involved, amongst others, in the areas of information 
technology, tax and valuation.
 ■ At group level, we have performed audit procedures regarding the corporate entities and we also performed audit 
procedures on Kendrion (Shelby) Inc. and 3T B.V.
 ■ For all other relevant foreign components, the group audit team provided detailed written instructions. Furthermore,  
we developed a plan for overseeing each component audit team based on its relative significance to the Company and 
certain other risk characteristics. 
This included conference calls with component during all stages of the audit whereby fraud specialists accompanied the 
group engagement team at several preselected components, performing both remote and onsite file reviews, attending 
client meetings and reviewing component audit team deliverables in order to gain sufficient understanding of the work 
performed.
 ■ We have performed site visits to Proste ˇ jov, Czech Republic, Shelby, USA, and Suzhou, China where we have visited  
the factories, held discussions with management and our component auditors and performed an on-site file review.
 ■ As part of the interaction with the components we paid specific attention to the consistent application of the group 
accounting policies.
 ■ As part of our audit of the consolidation, we tested the relevant controls around the elimination of all intercompany 
transactions and positions and performed detailed substantive procedures.  
Observation 
By performing the procedures mentioned above at group entities, together with additional procedures at group level, we have 
been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about the group’s financial information to provide an opinion 
about the consolidated financial statements.
 

Page 198:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 198
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Report on the other information included in the Annual Report 
The annual report contain other information, in addition to the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
The other information consists of:
 ■ Report of the Executive Board.
 ■ Report of the Supervisory Board.
 ■ Remuneration Report.
 ■ Other information as included in the report.
 ■ Other information as required by Part 9 of Book of the Dutch Civil Code.
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other information:
 ■ Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements.
 ■ Contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial statements or otherwise, 
we have considered whether the other information contains material misstatements.
By performing these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720.  
The scope of the procedures performed is substantially less than the scope of those performed in our audit of the financial statements.
Management is responsible for the preparation of the other information, including the report of the Executive Board.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements and ESEF
Engagement 
We were engaged by the Supervisory Board as auditor of Kendrion N.V. on April 13, 2013, as of the audit for the year 2015 and have operated  
as statutory auditor ever since that financial year.
 
No prohibited non-audit services 
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit 
of public-interest entities.
 
European Single Electronic Reporting Format (ESEF) 
Kendrion N.V. has prepared its annual report in ESEF. The requirements for this are set out in the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard  
to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting format (hereinafter: the RTS on ESEF).

Page 199:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 199
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
In our opinion, the annual report, prepared in XHTML format, including the (partly) marked-up consolidated financial statements, as included in  
the reporting package by Kendrion N.V. complies in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF.
Management is responsible for preparing the annual report including the financial statements in accordance with the RTS on ESEF, whereby 
management combines the various components into one single reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion whether the annual report in this reporting package complies with the RTS on ESEF.
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N ‘Assurance-opdrachten inzake het voldoen aan de 
criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoordingsdocument’ (assurance engagements relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting).
Our examination included amongst others:
 ■ Obtaining an understanding of the company’s financial reporting process, including the preparation of the reporting package.
 ■ Identifying and assessing the risks that the annual report does not comply in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF and designing and 
performing further assurance procedures responsive to those risks to provide a basis for our opinion, including:
 ■ obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the reporting package containing the Inline XBRL instance and 
the XBRL extension taxonomy files has been prepared in accordance with the technical specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF;
 ■ examining the information related to the consolidated financial statements in the reporting package to determine whether all required mark-ups 
have been applied and whether these are in accordance with the RTS on ESEF.
 
Description of responsibilities regarding the Financial Statements 
Responsibilities of management and the Supervisory Board for the financial statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2  
of the Dutch Civil Code. Furthermore, management is responsible for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable  
the preparation of the financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
Based on the financial reporting frameworks mentioned, management should prepare the financial statements using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Management should disclose events and circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern  
in the financial statements.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process.

Page 200:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 200
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit assignment in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence for our opinion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we may not detect all material errors and fraud during  
our audit.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. The materiality affects the nature, timing and extent  
of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified misstatements on our opinion.
We have exercised professional judgement and have maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit, in accordance with Dutch Standards  
on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence requirements. Our audit included among others:
 ■ Identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, designing and performing 
audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 ■ Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, 
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control.
 ■ Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by 
management.
 ■ Concluding on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting, and based on the audit evidence obtained, 
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern.
 ■ Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures.
 ■ Evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Because we are ultimately responsible for the opinion, we are also responsible for directing, supervising and performing the group audit. In this respect 
we have determined the nature and extent of the audit procedures to be carried out for group entities. Decisive were the size and/or the risk profile of 
the group entities or operations. On this basis, we selected group entities for which an audit or review had to be carried out on the complete set  
of financial information or specific items.

Page 201:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 201
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
We communicate with Executive Board and the Supervisory Board regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit  
and significant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal control that we identified during our audit. In this respect we also submit  
an additional report to the audit committee in accordance with Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit  
of public-interest entities. The information included in this additional report is consistent with our audit opinion in this auditor’s report.
We provide the Supervisory Board with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,  
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the Supervisory Board, we determine the key audit matters: those matters that were of most significance in  
the audit of the financial statements. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the 
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, not communicating the matter is in the public interest.
Eindhoven, 28 February 2024
Deloitte Accountants B.V.
B.Beemer

Page 202:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 202
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Limited Assurance Report of the Independent Auditor on Kendrion N.V.’s sustainabilty information
To the shareholders and the Supervisory Board of Kendrion N.V. 
Our conclusion
We have performed a limited assurance engagement on the sustainability information in the annual report of Kendrion N.V. for 2023 at Amsterdam. 
Based on our procedures performed and the assurance information obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the 
sustainability information in the annual report of Kendrion N.V. does not present fairly, in all material respects:
 ■ The policy with regard to sustainability matters: The sustainability information consists of performance information regarding Energy consumption 
and CO2-emission, Accidents and Lost Time Injuries, Illness rate and Number of Supplier audits in the sections ‘Facts and Figures’ on page 10 and 
‘Sustainability review’ on pages 38-64 of the 2023 Annual Report (hereafter: “the KPIs”) and
 ■ The business operations, events and achievements in that area in 2023 in accordance with the applicable criteria as included in the ‘Criteria’ section 
of our report. 
Our scope is limited to the sustainability information included in the ‘Sustainability review’ chapter (pages 38-64) of the annual report. The EU Taxonomy 
regulation disclosure included on page 53-58 is excluded from the limited assurance scope. 
The sustainability information is included in the ‘Sustainability review’ of the annual report. 
Basis for our conclusion
We have performed our limited assurance engagement on the sustainability information in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3000A 
‘Assurance-opdrachten anders dan opdrachten tot controle of beoordeling van historische financiële informatie (attest-opdrachten)’ (assurance 
engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information (attestation engagements). Our responsibilities in this regard are further 
described in the ‘Our responsibilities for the examination of annual report’ section of our report. 
We are independent of Kendrion N.V. in accordance with the ‘Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ (ViO, 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence). Furthermore, we have complied with the ‘Verordening 
gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants).
We believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.
Criteria
The sustainability information needs to be read and understood together with the reporting criteria. Kendrion N.V. is solely responsible for selecting and 
applying these reporting criteria, taking into account applicable law and regulations related to reporting.
The reporting criteria used for the preparation of the sustainability information are disclosed in the chapter ‘About the Sustainability Report’ of the 2023, 
which can be seen on pages 212-214.

Page 203:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 203
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The absence of an established practice on which to draw, to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows for different, but acceptable, 
measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities and over time. 
Consequently, the sustainability information needs to be read and understood together with the criteria applied.
Limitations to the scope of our assurance engagement
The sustainability information includes prospective information such as ambitions, strategy, plans, expectations, and estimates and risk assessments. 
Prospective information relates to events and actions that have not yet occurred and may never occur. We do not provide any assurance on the 
assumptions and achievability of this prospective information.
The references to external sources or websites in the sustainability information are not part of the sustainability information as included in the scope  
of our assurance engagement. We therefore do not provide assurance on this information.
Our conclusion is not modified in respect to these matters. 
Responsibilities of the management board and the supervisory board for the sustainability information
The management board is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the sustainability information in accordance with the criteria as 
included in the ‘Criteria’ section, including the identification of stakeholders and the definition of material matters. The management board is also 
responsible for selecting and applying the criteria and for determining that these criteria are suitable for the legitimate information needs of stakeholders, 
considering applicable law and regulations related to reporting. The choices made by the management board regarding the scope of the sustainability 
information and the reporting policy are summarised in the chapter ‘about the sustainability report’ of the annual report.
Furthermore, the management board is responsible for such internal control as it determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the sustainability 
information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the sustainability reporting process of Kendrion N.V.
Our responsibilities for the assurance engagement on the sustainability information
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the assurance engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate assurance evidence 
for our conclusion.
Our assurance engagement is aimed to obtain a limited level of assurance to determine the plausibility of information. The procedures vary in nature and 
timing from, and are less in extent, than for a reasonable assurance engagement. The level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is 
therefore substantially less than the assurance that is obtained when a reasonable assurance engagement is performed.

Page 204:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 204
OTHER INFORMATION
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
We apply the ‘Nadere voorschriften kwaliteitssystemen)’ (NVKS, regulations for Quality management systems) and accordingly maintain a 
comprehensive system of quality management including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements.
Our limited assurance engagement included among others: 
 ■ Performing an analysis of the external environment and obtaining an understanding of relevant sustainability themes and issues, and the 
characteristics of the company.
 ■ Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria applied, their consistent application and related disclosures in the sustainability information. 
 ■ Obtaining through inquiries a general understanding of the internal control environment, the reporting processes, the information systems and the 
entity’s risk assessment process relevant to the preparation of the sustainability information, without obtaining assurance information about the 
implementation or testing the operating effectiveness of controls.
 ■ Identifying areas of the sustainability information where misleading or unbalanced information or a material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, is likely to arise. Designing and performing further assurance procedures aimed at determining the plausibility of the sustainability information 
responsive to this risk analysis. These procedures consisted among others of: 
 ■ obtaining inquiries from management at group level responsible for the sustainability strategy, policy and results;
 ■ obtaining inquiries from relevant staff responsible for providing the information for, carrying out internal procedures on, and consolidating the 
data in the sustainability information;
 ■ obtaining assurance evidence that the sustainability information reconciles with underlying records of the company;
 ■ reviewing, on a limited test basis, relevant internal and external documentation;
 ■ performing an analytical review of the data and trends; 
 ■  Considering the overall presentation and balanced content of the sustainability information.
 ■ Considering whether the sustainability information as a whole, including the sustainability matters and disclosures, is clearly and adequately 
disclosed in accordance with applicable criteria.
We communicate with the supervisory board regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the assurance engagement and 
significant findings that we identify during our assurance engagement.
Eindhoven, 28 February 2024
Deloitte Accountants B.V.
B. Beemer
 

Page 205:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 205
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Industrial
Industrial Actuators and Controls (Robert Lewin) Managing Director 
Kendrion (Donaueschingen/Engelswies) GmbH, Donaueschingen, Germany Robert Lewin 
Kendrion (China) Co. Ltd, Suzhou, P .R. China Telly Kuo 
Kendrion (Mishawaka) LLC, Mishawaka, USA Corey Hurcomb 
Kendrion Industrial (Sibiu) S.R.L., Sibiu, Romania Mihai Petculescu 
Kendrion (Linz) GmbH, Linz, Austria Christian Edelmaier 
Kendrion Kuhnke Automation GmbH, Malente, Germany Robert Lewin 
Kendrion Kuhnke (Sweden) AB, Kristianstad, Sweden Niklas Sjöström 
3T B.V., Enschede, the Netherlands Michiel Bloemen 
Industrial Brakes (Robert Lewin) Managing Director 
Kendrion (Villingen) GmbH, Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany Ralf Wieland 
Kendrion (China) Co. Ltd, Suzhou, P .R. China Telly Kuo 
Kendrion (Mishawaka) LLC, Mishawaka, USA Corey Hurcomb 
Kendrion INTORQ GmbH, Aerzen, Germany Lars Knoke 
INTORQ (Shanghai) Co. Ltd, Shanghai, P .R. China Telly Kuo 
Kendrion (Atlanta) Inc (previous INTORQ US Inc.), Atlanta, USA Olaf Detlef 
INTORQ India Private Limited, Pune, India Aniket Gujrathi 
Automotive (Ralf Wieland / Richard Mijnheer) Managing Director 
Kendrion (Villingen) GmbH, Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany Ralf Wieland 
Kendrion Kuhnke Automotive GmbH, Malente, Germany Richard Mijnheer, Ralf Wieland
Kendrion (Markdorf) GmbH, Markdorf, Germany Ralf Wieland
Kendrion Automotive (Sibiu) S.R.L, Sibiu, Romania Andra Boboc 
Kendrion (Prosteˇ jov) s.r.o, Prosteˇ jov, Czech Republic Tomas Soldan 
 Kendrion (Shelby) Inc., Shelby, USA Ingo Griessmann 
Kendrion (China) Co. Ltd, Suzhou, P .R. China Telly Kuo 
 
Kendrion N.V. has, directly or indirectly, a 100% interest in all subsidiaries.
PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES 
At 31 December 2023

Page 206:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 206
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
 
Blasio Grundstückverwaltungsgesellschaft mbh & Co Vermietungs KG, Mainz, Germany 
Combattant Holding B.V., De Bilt, the Netherlands 
Kendrion (Eibiswald) GmbH, Eibiswald, Austria 
INTORQ Beteiligungs GmbH, Aerzen, Germany 
Kendrion FAS Controls Holding GmbH, Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany 
Kendrion Finance B.V., Zeist, the Netherlands 
Kendrion Holding Germany GmbH, Markdorf, Germany 
Kendrion Holding USA Inc., Indianapolis, USA 
Kendrion IP Management GmbH, Malente, Germany 
Kendrion Kuhnke GmbH, Malente, Germany 
Kendrion Marketing B.V., Zeist, the Netherlands 
Kendrion Toluca, SA de CV, Mexicaltzingo, Mexico 
Kendrion (UK) Ltd., Bradford, United Kingdom 
Landfort I B.V., Zeist, the Netherlands 
 
 
 Kendrion N.V. has, directly or indirectly, a 100% interest in all subsidiaries.
OTHER HOLDING AND DORMANT ENTITIES 
At 31 December 2023

Page 207:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 207
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
GLOSSARY – DEFINITIONS OF NON IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
Added value is a non-IFRS financial measure, which is defined 
as total revenue and other income plus changes in inventory  
of finished goods and work in progress and subtracted by raw 
materials and subcontracted work. Added value is a measure 
of the group’s ability to generate a variable profit contribution 
on its revenue that is sufficient to absorb the total staff and 
other operating expenses. It is an important factor is assessing 
to what extent increasing or decreasing revenue volumes will 
contribute to the group’s profit. 
 
EBITA is a non IFRS financial measure, which is defined 
as profit for the period before income tax expense, finance 
income, finance expense, share of profit or loss of an associate 
and amortization of other intangible fixed assets. EBITA is a 
measure of the group’s ability to realize a positive return on the 
group’s operations and continue to provide shareholder returns. 
 
EBITDA is a non IFRS financial measure which is defined  
as profit for the period before income tax expense, finance 
income, finance expense, share of profit or loss of an associate, 
depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is a measure of the 
group’s ability to continue to invest in the group’s operations 
and provide shareholder returns. 
 
Free cash flow is a non IFRS financial measure that is defined 
as cash from operating activities less cash from investing 
activities. Free cash flow is a measure of cash flow which is 
available for repayment of outstanding interest-bearing debt or 
dividend to the shareholders. 
 
Invested capital is a non IFRS financial measure that is defined 
as the sum of property plant and equipment, intangible assets, 
other fixed assets and net working capital. Invested capital is  
a measure to assess the amount of equity and interest-bearing 
debt the company has invested in assets and is an important 
measure for investors to assess how well a company is using 
its financial resources to generate shareholder returns. Invested 
capital is a measure widely used by investors and security 
analysts to evaluate a group’s profitability relative to other 
investment opportunities. 
 
Leverage ratio is a non IFRS financial measure that is defined 
as net debt divided by EBITDA. The leverage ratio is a measure 
to evaluate the credit worthiness of the group and the ability  
of the group to continue to fund its operations with debt.  
The leverage ratio is widely used by investors, analysts, 
lenders and others to assess the groups credit worthiness in 
comparison to other industrial and automotive manufacturing 
companies and in relation to the financial covenant agreed in 
the group’s financing arrangement which its main lenders. 
 
Net debt is a non IFRS financial measure that is defined as 
bank overdraft, current and non-current loans and borrowings 
subtracted by cash and cash equivalents. Net debt is a 
measure in determining the group’s financial position.  
In comparison to the available credit facilities, the total net debt 
is an important factor in assessing the group’s liquidity and 
in combination which the group’s EBITDA, the net debt is an 
important factor in determining the group’s credit worthiness 
and ability to fund future investments. 
 
Normalized EBITA is non IFRS financial measures, which is 
defined as EBITA before restructuring expense and other 
adjustments not related to the group’s normal course of 
business including but not limited to gains or losses on 
divestitures, transaction costs related to business combinations 
and impairments. Normalized EBITA is a measure of the group’s 
ability to realize a positive return on the core operations and 
continue to provide shareholder returns. We use normalized 
EBITA in assessing the effectiveness of business strategies.  
In addition to its use by management, we also believe 
normalized EBITA is a measure widely used by securities 
analysts, investors and others to evaluate financial performance 
of the group relative to other industrial and automotive suppliers. 
 
Normalized EBITDA is a non IFRS financial measure which 
is defined as EBITDA before restructuring expense and 
other adjustments not related to the group’s normal course 
of business including but not limited to gains or losses on 
divestitures, transaction costs related to business combinations 
and impairments. Normalized EBITDA is a measure of the 
group’s ability to continue to invest in the operations and provide 
shareholder returns based on the core operations. We use 
normalized EBITDA in assessing the effectiveness of business 
strategies, evaluating and pricing potential acquisitions and as  
a factor in management incentive decisions. In addition to its 
use by management, we also believe normalized EBITDA is 
a measure widely used by securities analysts, investors and 
others to evaluate financial performance of the group relative to 
other industrial and automotive suppliers. 
 
Normalized effective tax rate is a non IFRS measure that is 
defined as reported income tax expenses before adjustments 
not related to the group’s normal course of business, including 
but not limited to income tax expense on restructuring costs 
and impairments, divided by normalized profit before tax which 
is defined as profit before tax before adjustments not related to 
core operations, including but not limited to restructuring costs 
and impairments. Normalized effective tax rate is used to assess 
the group’s tax expense in relation to the profit before tax from 
its core activities. The normalized effective tax rate is used to 
evaluate the effective tax rate relative to previous periods and 
other companies.
 
Normalized free cash flow is a non IFRS financial measure that  
is defined as free cash flow before cash flow related to 
restructuring expense and other adjustments that are not related 
to the group’s core operations, including but not limited to 
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement

Page 208:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 208
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
acquisitions and divestitures. Normalized free cash flow is  
a measure of cash flow from the group’s core activities which is 
available for repayment of outstanding interest-bearing debt or 
dividend to the shareholders. We use normalized free cash flow 
as a factor in management incentive decisions. In addition to its 
use by management, we also believe normalized free cash flow 
is a measure widely used by securities analysts and investors 
and others to evaluate the value of the group. 
 
Normalized invested capital is a non IFRS measure that is 
defined as invested capital adjusted for items in the statement 
of financial position that are considered not to be part of the 
group’s normal course of business, including but not limited  
to provisions or liabilities related to restructurings. Normalized 
invested capital is used to assess the return the company 
generates on the amount the company has invested in assets 
related to its core operations and is a measure for investors  
to assess how well a company is using its financial resources  
to generate shareholder returns. 
 
Normalized interest charges is a non IFRS measure that is 
defined as financing costs before adjustments not related to  
the group’s normal course of business including but not limited 
to gains or losses on the recycling of currency translation 
results previously recorded in equity upon the liquidation of  
a legal entity. Normalized interest charges is used to assess  
the amount of net financing costs recognized related to the 
core operations of the group. Normalized interest charges 
is used to be able to compare interest charges to previous 
reporting periods and other companies. 
 
Normalized net profit before amortization is a non IFRS 
measure that is defined as profit for the period before 
amortization and restructuring expense and other adjustments 
not related to the group’s core operations including but not 
limited to gains or losses on divestitures, transaction costs 
related to business combinations and impairments. Normalized 
net profit before amortization is a measure of the group’s ability 
to realize a positive return on core operations and continue to 
provide shareholder returns when excluding any profit impact 
from amortizing intangibles arising from business combinations. 
The measure is used by management, investors and security 
analysts in order to evaluate the shareholder return relative to 
companies that do not include business combinations. 
 
Normalized staff and other operating expense is a non 
IFRS measure that is defined as operating expense before 
restructuring expense and other adjustments not related to  
the group’s normal course of business including but not limited 
to gains or losses on divestitures, transaction costs related to 
business combinations and impairments. Normalized operating 
expense is used to assess the amount of operating expense 
recognized related to the core operations of the group. 
Normalized operating expense is used to be able to evaluate 
expenses to previous reporting periods and other companies. 
 
Normalized working capital is a non IFRS measure that is 
defined as working capital adjusted for items in the statement 
of financial position that are considered not to be part of the 
group’s core operations, including but not limited to provisions 
or liabilities related to restructurings. Normalized working 
capital is used to assess the amount of cash the company has 
invested in short term and non-interest-bearing assets and 
liabilities in order to run its core operations. 
 
Organic growth is a non IFRS financial measure that is defined  
as revenue in the period under review divided by the revenue  
in the previous period, excluding revenue that is attributable  
to a business combination in one of both periods and/or  
the revenue contribution that attributable to a divestiture in one 
of both periods. Organic growth is a measure to which extent 
the group has been able to increase its revenue compared 
to the previous period on a comparable basis and therefore 
excluding the impact from acquisitions. Organic growth is  
one of the groups long term financial targets. We use organic 
growth in assessing the effectiveness of business strategies. 
In addition to its use by management, we also believe organic 
growth is a measure widely used by securities analysts, 
investors and others to evaluate the success of the company’s 
commercial strategies and effectiveness relative to other 
industrial and automotive suppliers. 
 
ROI or Return On Invested Capital is a non IFRS financial 
measure that is defined as EBITA dividend by the sum of 
property plant and equipment, intangible assets, other fixed 
assets and net working capital subtracted with the amount  
of goodwill and other intangible assets arising from business 
combinations. ROIC is a measure that assesses the result 
from operations is generated per currency equivalent that the 
group has invested in property plant and equipment and other 
net assets that are part of the group’s operations. ROIC is an 
important factor in assessing relative profitability and used as  
a factor in management incentive decisions. Besides the use by 
management, we believe ROIC is widely use by investors and 
securities analysts to assess the performance of the group in 
comparison to other manufacturing companies or alternative 
investment propositions. 
 
Solvency is a non IFRS financial measure that is defined as total 
equity divided by the sum of total equity and total liabilities. 
Solvency is a measure that assesses the portion of the total 
assets that is funded by equity. We use solvency as a measure 
of financial position and credit worthiness. In addition to its use 
by management we believe solvency is a measure widely use 
by lenders and analysts to evaluate the credit worthiness of  
the group. 
GLOSSARY – DEFINITIONS OF NON IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement

Page 209:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 209
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
RECONCILIATION OF NON IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES 
Measures related to the statement of profit and loss 
 
Organic growth (revenue) 
EUR million - unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 
Reported revenue 518.5 519.3
Exclude: currency effects on revenue 5.2 –
Normalized revenue (excl. currency effects) 523.7 519.3
Organic growth 0.9% –
Added value 
EUR million 2023 2022 
Reported total revenue and other income 518.6 519.8
less: Reported changes in inventories of finished goods and  
work in progress 
(0.6) (1.8)
less: Reported raw materials and subcontracted work (275.1) (268.7)
less: Benefits outside the normal course of business − (0.5)
Normalization of other costs outside the normal course of business 0.1 −
Added value 243.0 248.8
Added value margin % 46.9% 48.1%
Normalized staff, impairments and other operating expenses
EUR million 2023 2022 
Reported staff costs 151.5 153.6
Reported impairments of fixed assets 0.1 58.7
Reported other operating expenses 40.7 43.6
Reported staff, impairments and other operating expenses 192.3 255.9
Normalization of restructuring charges (2.3) (5.9)
Normalization of impairments PP&E, goodwill and other intangibles (0.0) (58.6)
Normalization of other (costs) and benefits outside the normal course of 
business
(0.1) –
Normalized staff, impairments and other operating expenses 189.9 191.4 
Currency effects 1.5 (4.3)
Normalized staff, impairments and other operating expenses  
(excl. currency effects) 191.4 187.1

Page 210:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 210
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Bridge from EBITDA to normalized net profit before amortization   
EUR million 2023 2022 
Reported result before net finance costs 23.8 (34.6)
Reported depreciation and amortization 26.8 28.0
Reported operating result before depreciation & 
amortization (EBITDA) 50.6 (6.6)
less: Depreciation on PP&E (20.5) (20.9)
less: Amortization on non-PPA related intangibles (3.1)  (2.4)
Reported operating result before amortization (EBITA) 27.0 (29.9) 
Normalization of costs and (benefits) related to:
Restructuring measures - Automotive 0.8 5.1
Restructuring measures - Industrial 1.5 0.3
Impairments Goodwill and other intangibles - Automotive – 57.3
Impairments PP&E - Automotive – 1.0
Impairments PP&E - Industrial 0.0 0.3
Other costs / (benefits) outside the normal course of business 
- Automotive
0.2 –
Other costs / (benefits) outside the normal course of business 
- Industrial
– –
Total Normalizations  2.5 64.0 
Normalized EBITDA 53.1  57.4
Normalized EBITDA margin % 10.2% 11.1%
Normalized EBITA 29.5 34.1  
Normalized EBITA margin % 5.7% 6.6%
Reported amortisation on PPA related intangibles (3.2) (4.7)
Reported net finance costs (9.9) (5.1)
Normalization related to credit facility – 0.5
Other normalizations of net finance costs (0.0) 0.2
Normalized profit before income tax 16.4 25.0 
EUR million 2023 2022 
Reported income tax expense (4.0) (6.6)
Normalization related to tax audits 0.6 0.5
Normalization related to deferred income tax adjustment (0.8) 1.2
Impact costs / (benefits) outside the normal course of business 
on income tax expense
(0.7) (1.9)
Amortization after tax 2.4 3.5
Normalized net profit for the period before amortization 13.9 21.7
Measures related to the Statement of financial position  
 
Invested capital at 31 December  
EUR million 2023 2022 
Property, plant and equipment 134.5 131.6
 
Intangible assets 125.8 126.5
Net working capital 63.9 65.7
Other fixed assets 1.1 0.7
Invested capital  325.3 324.5 
Goodwill and other intangibles related to acquisitions (107.8) (111.2)
Operating invested capital  217.5 213.3 
Impact costs / (benefits) outside the normal course of business 
on invested capital 
1.4 4.5 
Normalized invested capital  218.9  217.8
RECONCILIATION OF NON IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES 

Page 211:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 211
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
Net Debt & Leverage ratio 
EUR million - unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 
Total interest bearing loans 165.6 178.1
less: Cash and cash equivalents (20.6) (37.8)
Net Debt 145.0  140.3  
Normalized EBITDA 53.1  57.4  
Leverage ratio (Net Debt / Normalized EBITDA) 2.7 2.4 
Net working capital at 31 December 
EUR million 2023 2022 
Inventories 87.4 85.1 
Trade and other receivables, tax receivable 72.8 75.2 
Less: Trade and other payables, tax payables, current 
provisions and assets clasified as held for sale
(96.3) (94.6) 
Net working capital 63.9 65.7 
Impact one-off costs and benefits on working capital 1.7 2.8
Normalized working capital 65.6  68.5
As % of revenue 12.6% 13.2%
Measures related to the Statement of cash flows 
Free cash flow 
EUR million 2023  2022 
Net cash flow from operating activities 36.4 37.9
Net cash flow from investing activities (29.6) (37.9)
Free cash flow 6.8 0.0 
Normalizations 4.5 3.1
Normalized free cash flow 11.3 3.1 
Ratios  
 
Return on Investment % (ROI) 
EUR million - unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 
Normalized EBITA 29.5 34.1
Normalized Invested capital 218.9 217.8 
Return on Investment % (ROI) 13.5% 15.6% 
Solvency 
EUR million - unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 
Total equity 172.0 175.0
Total assets 462.3  476.6
Solvency % 37.2% 36.7% 
Normalized effective tax rate 
EUR million - unless stated otherwise 2023 2022 
Reported income tax expense (4.0) (6.6)
Normalization related to tax audits 0.6 0.5
Normalization related to deferred income tax adjustment (0.8) 1.2
Impact costs / (benefits) outside the normal course of business 
on income tax expense
(0.7) (1.9)
Normalized income tax expense (4.9) (6.8) 
Normalized profit before tax 16.4 25.0
Normalized effective tax rate % 30.4% 27.4% 
RECONCILIATION OF NON IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES 

Page 212:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 212
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
The scope of Kendrion’s sustainability/ESG or non-financial 
reporting is based on the information requirements of our key 
stakeholder groups. 
For a focused strategic approach, aimed at a healthy balance 
between stakeholder expectations and business aspirations, 
we identify and assess the material topics that are most 
relevant to Kendrion’s activities. To this end, Kendrion uses  
a materiality analysis to gain insight into the relevance and 
importance of topics for both Kendrion and our stakeholder 
groups. The relevance of identified material topics for internal 
and external stakeholders may vary and is subject to change.  
In this Annual Integrated Report, we are disclosing material 
topics following our 2020 materiality assessment which did not 
reveal significant movements in the ranking of individual themes 
compared to the assessment of 2018. The outcome of the 
2018 and 2020 assessments is a refined number of material 
themes structured in a materiality matrix around Kendrion’s 
three pillars of value creation that form the basis of the global 
sustainability program: Natural Capital, Social and Human 
Capital and Responsible Business Conduct.
Our current materiality matrix shows an enhanced classification 
and organization of material themes with a view to maintaining 
continued focus on those themes where Kendrion can have  
the most impact. 
The outcome of the 2018 and 2020 materiality analyses  
formed important input for Kendrion’s sustainability program 
and the 2019-2023 target framework as well as the further 
development and execution thereof. 
While this Annual Integrated Report generally covers topics in 
the above materiality matrix, under Kendrion’s second 5-year 
sustainability plan covering 2019-2023, Kendrion has chosen 
to not set measurable sustainability targets for each material 
topic, but instead select the topics where it can have most 
impact. Kendrion reports against the 2019-2023 target 
framework and related commitments. 
Kendrion reports only on the most relevant material topics.  
The most relevant material topics are economic performance, 
anti-corruption, energy efficiency, carbon emissions, 
occupational health and safety, training and education,  
non-discrimination, and equal opportunities.
For a description of our materiality analysis, please refer to 
pages 39-40 of this Annual Integrated Report. 
Kendrion makes use of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
reference claims for most of the general information and 
material topics, including: economic performance, anti-
corruption, energy efficiency, emissions to air, occupational 
safety and health and non-discrimination and equal 
opportunities. This Annual Integrated Report references 
Disclosure 201-1 (a) from GRI 201: Economic performance 
2016, Disclosure 205-3 from GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016, 
Disclosure 302-1 (a, c, e-g) from GRI 302: Energy 2016, 
Disclosure 305-1 (a, d, f-g) from GRI 305: Emissions 2016, 
Disclosure 305-2 (a, d, f-g) from GRI 305: Emissions 2016, 
Disclosure 403-9 (a, d-g) from GRI 403: Occupational Health 
and Safety 2018, Disclosure 405-1 (a-i, b-i) from GRI 405: 
Diversity and Equal Opportunities 2016. For the material 
themes ‘responsible procurement practices’ and ‘training and 
education’, Kendrion has developed its own indicators. 
Kendrion’s non-financial reporting includes only data from 
entities that are – directly or indirectly – wholly owned by 
Kendrion N.V., unless explicitly stated otherwise. Acquisitions 
are reported as from the effective date ownership is acquired. 
Being transparent and accountable is fundamental to the way 
in which Kendrion operates. Kendrion adheres to a solid 
validation and reporting process supported by an appropriate 
control framework in order to safeguard the quality and 
accuracy of data collected. With a view to maintaining the 
quality and consistency of the data reported, the reporting 
process and applicable definitions relevant to all non-financial 
data collected and subsequently consolidated, are recorded in 
an internal reporting manual which is regularly reviewed and 
evaluated. Internal control procedures safeguarding the quality 
and accuracy of non-financial data collected are part of 
Kendrion’s Risk Management Framework. Compliance with the 
internal reporting manual and the internal control procedures 
are reviewed by the Global Internal Audit and Risk Manager. 
The sustainability figures and data presented in this Annual 
Integrated Report are not always fully comparable with those  
of other companies. This may be caused by differences in 
targets and definitions applied and the nature and spread of 
Kendrion’s activities making comparison with other industrial 
companies difficult. Information used was collected from the 
existing management and reporting systems. Any estimates  
or forecasts included are explicitly referred to as such. 
In 2023, Kendrion closed its production location in Shanghai 
and relocated the Shanghai production to its new 
manufacturing facility in Suzhou. For the production location in 
Shanghai energy consumption values are reported for the first 
months of 2023 until completion of the relocation to the new 
facility in Suzhou. During 2022 Kendrion closed its production 
location in Eibiswald (Austria) and moved relevant production 
equipment to Villingen (Germany) and Sibiu (Romania).  
For 2022 the production location in Eibiswald was still included 
in the non-financial reporting, although production in Eibiswald 
ceased in the course of Q3 2022.                                                                                 
                                                                                               
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement

Page 213:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 213
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
The non-financial information reported faithfully represents   
the outcome of systematic data collection and review. 
The reported numbers for energy consumption, absolute and 
relative & CO2 emissions, accidents, lost time injury, illness, 
supply chain management as described in the section 
‘Sustainability review’ of the 2023 Annual Integrated Report, 
have been subjected to a review by the external auditor  
Deloitte Accountants B.V. The auditor’s report with limited 
assurance on selected targets is included on pages 190-201.
For the reported numbers associated with relative energy 
consumption, relative CO2 emission, accidents per 1,000 FTE, 
Lost Time Injuries (LTI), illness rate and audits performed at 
direct suppliers, Kendrion used the GRI Standards Specific 
Disclosures 302-1, 305-1, 305-2 and 403-2 respectively as 
described in the GRI referenced claim mentioned above. 
We report on the same indicators as in previous years 
and there are no material restatements on the information 
accordingly presented in previous years.
 
Definitions, reporting period and scope 
Energy consumption and CO 2 emission 
The information on energy consumption is based on the 
consumption of Kendrion’s production facilities (electricity, 
natural gas, fuel oil) in Germany, the Czech Republic, the USA, 
China, India and Romania. For greenhouse gas emissions, 
Kendrion applies the same reporting scope as for energy 
consumption, only operational control. In our calculations we 
only included CO2 emissions, other emissions like CH4, N2O, 
HFCs, PFCs, SF6 and NF3 are not material for us and therefore 
not included. Internal and external transport under Kendrion’s 
control is limited, therefore transport emissions are excluded.
The relative energy consumption and CO2 emissions are based 
on the added value of the relevant production facilities. 
The added value is the revenue plus other income, minus  
the changes in inventory and work in progress and minus raw 
materials and subcontracted work.
The absolute and relative energy consumption and CO2 
emissions are reported for a 12-month period. Where 
information is timely available, the absolute and relative energy 
consumption and CO2 emissions are reported for the period 
1 January 2023 up to and including 31 December 2023. 
Comparative figures for previous years are calculated based 
on identical timeframes. 
Calculation of the CO2 emissions is based on the following 
conversion factors:
 ■ Electricity generated from renewable sources: 0
 ■ Electricity generated from non-renewable sources 
(average): 0.368 kg/kWh (2022: 0.391 kg/kWh)
 ■ Renewable gas for plants with carbon neutral contracts: 0
 ■ Natural gas for other plants (average): 0.106 kg/kWh  
(2022: 0.112 kg/kWh)
 ■ Fuel oil (average): 0.208 kg/kWh (2022: 0.206 kg/kWh)
Accidents and LTI  
Kendrion reports the total number of work-related accidents 
during working time or on the way to or from work for its own 
employees and independent contractors under supervision of 
Kendrion. Only the accidents that the group entity had to report 
to an external institution are reported. As of 2017, Kendrion 
reports accidents from all group entities that caused an 
absence of more than three calendar days, not including the 
day of the accident. This definition is based on regulations 
applicable in Germany. In addition, Kendrion reports the 
absence resulting from work-related accidents. 
The Lost Time Injury (LTI) is time (‘scheduled working days’) 
that could not be worked (and is thus ‘lost’) as a consequence 
of an employee being unable to perform the usual work due to 
an occupational accident (‘at work accident’ as well as ‘way-to-
work accident’) or disease. Kendrion makes no difference in 
whether the salaries or wages were paid by Kendrion or by an 
external institution during that time.
A return to limited duty or alternative work for the same 
organization does not count as ‘lost days’. Counting of ‘lost 
days’ begins with the first scheduled working day of full 
absence (e.g. the day after the accident). The count of ‘absent 
days’ due to a work-related accident ends when the employee 
either is fully back to work or is absent from work for other 
reasons (e.g. vacation, reduction in overtime, etc.). A lost day 
counts as one full day regardless of whether the employee has 
a part-time or a full-time contract. Kendrion does not specify 
LTI data per region, worker type or gender as Kendrion 
considers this information not relevant to its current operations. 
 
Illness rate 
The reported illness rate is based on the total illness hours. 
The locations in Shelby and Atlanta reported 0% illness on  
a yearly basis since no registration of illness takes place.  
The total illness hours with and without wage continuation, 
cumulative divided by the total timetable hours, cumulative. 
 
Supplier audits 
As mentioned above, for reporting on the number of supplier 
audits (i.e. ‘responsible procurement practices’) Kendrion 
makes use of its own indicator. 
ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement

Page 214:
Annual Integrated Report 2023 214
Home
Consolidated  
statement of  
financial position
Consolidated statement  
of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income
Consolidated  
statement of  
changes in equity
Consolidated  
statement  
of cash flows
Notes to the  
consolidated financial 
statements
Notes to the  
company financial 
statements
Company 
balance  
sheet
Company  
income  
statement
ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
The supplier audits are internal audits by Kendrion employees 
based on an internal procedure that prescribes the collection  
of Corporate Responsibility documentation (e.g. Code of 
Conduct, ABC Policy, Whistle-blower procedure) of the relevant 
supplier in the case the supplier is ISO certified and the use  
of standardized self-assessment questionnaires in the case  
the supplier is not ISO certified. 
Kendrion has not selected underlying performance indicators or 
GRI indicators for the following topics: ‘non-discrimination and 
equal opportunities’, ‘market presence’, ‘responsible material 
consumption’, ‘environmental & energy management’, ‘human 
rights’, ‘effluents and waste management’, ‘customer privacy 
and data security’, ‘anti-competitive behavior’, ‘biodiversity’, 
‘responsible local citizenship’, ‘innovation’, ‘customer 
relationship and satisfaction’, ‘remuneration policy’ and 
‘business ethics’. Following further engagement with Kendrion’s 
stakeholders in the course of 2023, Kendrion will consider  
to what extent these material themes continue to be relevant  
to stakeholders and whether indicators on these topics should 
be developed.

