Page 5:
Message from the CEO 2
APPROACH
Approach to Sustainability and Reporting 
Material Issues in a Global Context
Sustainable Development Goals
6
8
10
16
INTRODUCTION
Operations Overview
Key Figures of 2018
Corporate Governance
18
20
26
28
ENVIRONMENT
Our Approach
Major 2018 Achievements
Operational Performance
Energy & Water Management
Emissions and Waste
Biodiversity
Compliance and Investments
40
42
44
46
50
53
54
54
PEOPLE
Our Approach
Labor Practices
Workforce Structure and Evolution
Occupational Health and Safety
Skill Management and Lifelong Learning
Economic Performance and Market Presence
56
58
58
62
66
70
72
COMMUNITY
Our Approach
Our CSR Projects
74
76
78
MARKETPLACE
Our Approach
Supply Chain
Market Research and Product Responsibility
Compliance
86
88
88
91
93
FINANCE
Financial Brief (IFRS)
94
96
APPENDICES
Independent Opinion
GRI Annex
Reporting Team & Contacts
Stakeholder Feedback Form
98
100
102
116
117

Page 6:
2
Message  
from the CEO
Following the corporate principles of transparency and openness, we 
have been publishing our results in a comprehensive manner, to show 
all stakeholders our work in achieving the UN sustainable development 
goals and our progress based on the principles set forth by the Global 
Reporting Initiative. For this year’s report,we have made the switch from 
the G4 Guidelines to the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards, in line 
with global reporting requirements.
Despite the fact that the reporting period could be characterized as a 
time of work in complex and constantly changing external economic 
conditions, KMG international managed to maintain its financial stability 
and achieve growth in operational indicators beyond any expectations, 
surpassing the previous year’s overall records. 
It is safe to say that, in terms of key production indicators, 2018 was our 
best year yet. Nevertheless, we always try to have a holistic view on our 
activities and in doing so, we have successfully improved in all aspects 
our operations across the Group. More specifically, Petromidia drove 
its environmental commitments further than ever before, recording its 
lowest technological loss in history, along with its lowest energy intensity 
index - 96.1% and lowest energy consumption - 2.97 GJ/mt. Vega 
refinery also managed to break several records, registering the highest 
levels of processed feedstock, a new record for hexane production, as 
well as ecological solvents and bitumen production, all these with the 
lowest energy consumption ever recorded, namely 2.43 GJ/mt.
Dear Stakeholders,
It gives me great pleasure to share with you KMG International’s 2018 
Sustainability Report, “Inspired by nature”. Our vision has always 
been to provide society with energy developed in a safe, responsible 
and efficient manner so that we can create economic, social, and 
environmental value for all our stakeholders. 
I am proud to say that our company applies innovative approaches 
and solutions focused on long-term results, and that allows us to set 
the bar higher and higher, setting an example for other players in the 
region. Our core mission is to be trusted stewards of valuable natural 
resources. Guided by our comprehensive QHSE Policy and through 
operational excellence, we strive to manage and minimize impacts on 
the environment and improve performance.
The KMGI sustainability report “Inspired by nature” focuses on the 
priorities that the Group sets for itself in the field of environmental 
protection. We take inspiration in the surrounding nature to expand 
our activities and take measures to reduce possible carbon emissions. 
2018 was a year of both remarkable operational results and significant 
improvement in sustainability performance for KMG International. 
This edition of the report shows how sustainable business practices 
are integrated into our short-term goals and long-term strategy, while 
focusing on our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint and protect 
the communities and natural habitats where we conduct our operations. 

Page 7:
3
Yellow-legged gull
Larus michahellis

Page 8:
4
In our efforts to increase production, minimize technological losses 
and eliminate accidental shutdowns in the industrial process, KMG 
International also continued to invest in the maintenance and 
continuous improvement of its integrated QHSE management 
system, with special focus on reducing our environmental footprint. 
Thus, not only were there no cases of safety incidents related to 
operational activities and those carried out during the planned 
maintenance period, along with no accidental pollution or 
fuel quality complaints, but the Group’s overall environmental 
performance showed significant improvement compared to the 
previous years. For instance, this was our fourth consecutive year 
that CO2 emissions for the Refining Business Unit (Petromidia and 
Vega platforms, along with the Petrochemical Division) continued 
to follow the same downward trend, with an additional decrease 
by 1.4% in 2018 compared to the previous year, while energy 
production increased significantly.  
Additionally, we believe sustainable performance and operational 
excellence begin with our unwavering dedication to safety. 
Regarding personal safety, our employees, suppliers and 
contractors share a goal of reaching zero safety incidents, through 
our “100% safety” program. KMG International is committed to the 
total compliance with safety standards as one of the company’s 
core values and we are glad to announce that no fatal incidents 
were recorded in 2018.
Last but not least, we constantly seek to understand and respond 
to any potential impacts our activities may have on biodiversity 
or ecosystem services and we work hard to make sure our impact 
on the surrounding environment is minimal. In 2018, KMG 
International kept a stable trend, with no risks imposed to species 
whose habitats are in our areas of operations. 
We strongly believe and contend that we have demonstrated 
through the results presented in this report, that there is a 
real correlation between sustainability performance and value 
creation for shareholders. This requires unceasing discipline 
and innovation in our investment decisions and operations, 
and we are committed to leave a positive mark on our 
communities and surroundings.
We are proud of the progress made in driving our company’s 
growth, considering the challenging business environment, 
and excited to continue building a sustainable enterprise 
that makes a positive difference for our stakeholders and the 
world around us. This report is proof of this progress and our 
commitment to sustainable development.
Thank you all for your ongoing support and partnership, 
Zhanat Tussupbekov
Chief Executive Officer, KMG International

Page 9:
5
Common buzzard
Buteo buteo


Page 11:
Petromidia 
Refinery
Lake Tașaul
Lake  
Corbu
Midia Port
Black Sea
Marine 
Terminal
The species is highly distinctive, with a long, thin 
tapering bill that is black with a fawn base. Its 
characteristic undulating flight, like that of a giant 
butterfly, is caused by the wings half closing at the 
end of each beat. It has two basic requirements for 
habitat: bare or lightly vegetated ground on which 
to forage and vertical surfaces with cavities (such 
as trees, cliffs or even walls) in which to nest.
Hoopoes are known to sunbathe and even enjoy 
an occasional dust or sand bath.
Eurasian 
hoopoe
Upupa epops


Page 12:
8
Approach to 
Sustainability 
and Reporting
This sustainability report serves as KMG 
International’s 2018 Annual Communication 
of Progress under the United Nations Global 
Compact (UNGC) to its wide variety of 
stakeholders. This report is meant to solidify 
our commitment to transparency and our 
continuous improvement. Even though KMG 
International became a signatory to the UN 
Global Compact in 2015, the Group has been 
reporting its non-financial performance ever 
since 2013. 
Moreover, our commitment to environmental 
sustainability, economic development and social 
fairness is firmly established into our global and 
local operations, as we understand our key role 
and valuable contribution towards achieving the 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) for the 2030 Agenda1.
About this Report
The 2018 edition of KMG International’s 
sustainability report was prepared in 
accordance with the Comprehensive option of 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 
and presents overall indicators of the activities 
we have carried out in 2018 in the countries 
with significant operations where we have a 
social, environmental or economic impact 
and the management of which is under our 
control. The reported indicators may include 
information from previous years that we 
deemed relevant for understanding information 
from year reflected in the reporting.
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is an 
independent, international organization 
dedicated to helping businesses and 
governments report effectively and publicly 
disclose the impact of their activities on 
key environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) sustainability topics. The Sustainability 
Reporting Standards, launched in late 2016, 
are an evolution of the GRI G4 Sustainability 
Reporting Guidelines, which were released in 
2013, and have since been widely adopted. 
Starting with July 2018, sustainability reporting 
under the GRI principles is conducted 
in line with the set of Standards which 
provide greater flexibility and increased 
responsiveness to developments in reporting 
practices, due to their new modular structure.
While the previous reports were prepared in 
accordance with the Core option of the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) G4 Sustainability 
Reporting Guidelines and associated Oil and 
Gas Sector Supplement, the current report 
follows the comprehensive set of Standards, 
maintaining, at the same time, the specific 
indicators pertaining to the oil and gas sector, 
which have yet to be adapted and included in 
the GRI Standards. For increased transparency 
and understanding reasons, the GRI Annex 
included in this edition of the report, will also 
integrate the previous corresponding G4 
Guidelines. Moreover, the new indicators were 
also included in the materiality assessments 
which represents the foundation for this 
year’s sustainability report, along with the 
matching clarifications regarding the necessary 
alterations and adjustments.
1. The United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) are an 
internationally recognized framework 
that aims to address the three elements 
of economic growth, social inclusion 
and environmental protection as part 
of a broader endeavor to eradicate 
poverty and strengthen peace 
and freedom. There are 17 goals, 
accompanied by 169 specific targets.

Page 13:
9
Our successful performance is inspired by the 
surrounding nature, which serves as both initial driver 
in our activity and final goal in our efforts to reduce our 
impact and preserve the natural habitats. This year’s 
report stands to reflect not only the solid bond we 
have with our community, but also our commitment to 
foster the well-being of this community. 
We take great pride in our sustainable practices and 
we use this report to show our stakeholders how our 
strong values and solid principles are reflected in 
our daily operations. Our dedication to preserving 
biodiversity and contributing to the development of 
local communities and ecosystems is undeniable, 
seeing how we can all witness the harmonious 
development of the natural habitats where our  
primary operations are being conducted.
Petromidia platform, the Group’s main asset, the largest 
refinery in Romania and one of the largest refineries 
in Eastern Europe, is located in close proximity of the 
Danube Delta Biosphere Reserve, the third largest 
biodiversity in the world acknowledged by UNESCO 
as a World Heritage Site. To paraphrase an old saying, 
“with great benefits, come great responsibilities”, as 
a responsible corporate citizen, KMG International is 
not only aware of the responsibilities which stem from 
this, but it also truly devoted to preserving the balance 
required for the continuous growth of the communities 
in which we operate.
Report Concept


Page 14:
10
Material Issues in  
a Global Context
In order to continue to grow, we have to meet the 
needs of our diverse stakeholders. And the best way to 
learn about these needs is to have an open dialogue 
with them. Inherently, cooperative and intensive 
communication is essential for us to tailor our efforts so 
that they can achieve their maximum potential and meet 
the various stakeholders’ expectations. 
As a major player in the oil & gas sector, we face the 
challenge of addressing a wide range of external 
stakeholders with often diverging requirements, from 
regulatory bodies and state authorities to shareholders, 
employees, labor and trade unions, clients, opinion 
shapers, such as the media, and members of the 
community, either as individuals or as members of 
various organizations and associations.
To this end, we constantly strive to expand 
communications with our internal and external 
stakeholders, as means to increase engagement, 
assemble a broad and accurate perspective on our 
local and global impact and required focus, as well 
as to improve our strategy and implementation.
The content of our annual sustainability report is determined by reference to 
a detailed materiality assessment. The assessment identifies and evaluates the 
sustainability topics that mattered most to our businesses and our stakeholders 
during the year under review and will matter most to them in the near-term 
future. This activity entails various types of actions, which in their entirety 
constitute a comprehensive process carried out both by the KMGI dedicated 
reporting team, as well as by various specifically assigned staff from the Group’s 
different divisions. All steps of this process are detailed below.
MATERIAL TOPIC IDENTIFICATION  
AND PRIORITIZATION
As part of our materiality assessment, we have identified a list of issues which 
are relevant for our company and our stakeholders, included in the materiality 
matrix. In drafting the content of this report, we considered not only the 
Group’s values and experience, but also the expectations and interests of our 
stakeholders, collected through comprehensive consultation and surveys, 
adapted accordingly to each group. 
Consistent with GRI guidance, we prioritized issues important to our 
stakeholders when developing the content for our sustainability report, using 
a high-medium-low type of scale that reproduced the stakeholders’ view on 
the indicators. The prioritization was done by scoring the two elements of the 
analysis: the impact on the Group and the importance to stakeholders. 
In determining the importance of the sustainability-related topics, we employed 
market research and analytics on our consumers, non-profit organizations and 
relevant stakeholders from both the private & public sector. 
Materiality 
Assessment

Page 15:
11
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
As part of our most recent Materiality Assessment process, and in line 
with the GRI Principle of Stakeholder Inclusiveness, we have identified 
four broad stakeholder groups relevant to our activities: social, industry, 
regulatory, market. In order to be constantly involved with stakeholders 
we have developed tailored communication mechanisms for each 
relevant group as a way to identify our material topics, to understand 
how we should tackle the wide variety of challenges and to come up 
with the right answers for different needs.
Social: employees, unions,  
NGOs, local communities
As one of the top employers in the country and an important investor 
in the Romanian economy, we proud ourselves with maintaining a 
constant and open dialogue with our employees, local communities 
and partner organizations where we operate, so that both our 
sustainability and business plan also consider their needs. 
Thus, we have developed various initiatives in order to ensure the 
needs of our employees, from equal pay and freedom of association 
and collective bargaining, to diverse trainings, professional and 
personal skill development or transfer of know-how. Furthermore, we 
have several mechanisms in place to make sure all potential grievances, 
as well as suggestions for improvement from our employees reach 
company decision-makers, they are assessed and implemented into 
company operations accordingly. 
We also apply the same principles of transparency to our local 
communities as we believe we have a responsibility towards them, 
and it is important for us to integrate their vision in our approach 
towards a sustainable business model. This is why we engage our 
local communities in constant consultations on relevant and sensitive 
issues while we also encourage them to raise any potential concerns 
regarding topics such as safety and environment. Furthermore, we are 
always open to discussions with relevant actors from the civil society 
in order to address issues aligned with our values.  In this regard, we 
have developed strong partnerships with local as well as national NGOs 
that have a profound impact, in order to contribute to the sustainable 
development of all aspects of life for our communities.
Industry: trade associations,  
suppliers, other operators
As part of our operations, we constantly engage with our suppliers, trade 
associations and other operators from the industry, in order to adhere 
to the best practices in the field, as well as to implement the most 
efficient solutions and deliver high quality services to our customers. The 
principles of these interactions are set forward in our Code of Ethics and 
Business Conduct, alongside the Group’s Corporate Governance Policy. 
Moreover, KMG International’s Supplier Code of Conduct traces the 
general directions of our collaboration with third parties, from the pre-
screening of new suppliers, to the extensive questionnaires and forms 
which are periodically submitted to their review in order to identify any 
arising material issues or concerns. 
To leverage both our expertise in business best practices and that of 
our industry peers, we are members of several industry associations 
including: American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham Romania), 
Conservation of Clean Air and Water in Europe, Romanian Association 
of Petroleum Exploration and Production Companies  (ROPEPCA) and 
United Nations Global Compact, just to name a few.

Page 16:
12
Regulatory: regulatory bodies, state 
authorities, local authorities, European 
Commission
Considering the complex political climate 
and the high emphasis on environmental 
issues in today’s world, we continue to have 
an open and constant communication on 
relevant topics in our collaboration with 
regulatory bodies and authorities. 
We use various mechanisms to engage 
with government representatives and 
regulators – both directly or through 
other organizations, whether it’s official 
institutional communication on topics such 
as emissions or environmental compliance, 
or formal and informal communication on 
several economic or policy-related topics, 
from interviews and one-to-one meetings, 
to dedicated events and happenings 
addressing said topics. 
INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL VALIDATION
As general practice, our dedicated cross-function 
reporting team includes people from all different 
areas of the organization, who have extended 
knowledge about who our stakeholders are, how GRI 
interacts with these groups throughout the reporting 
period, and what topics they consider important. 
Furthermore, each report undergoes an internal and 
external assurance process, to make sure all feedback 
is effectively incorporated. 
REPORTING
Outcomes of our Materiality Assessments are included 
in our annual sustainability reporting, following all 
material topics and their evolutions throughout 
the reporting intervals. Additionally, we review our 
Materiality Assessment each year to make sure we 
continue to focus on the topics of most interest to our 
stakeholders and relevance to our business success.  
In identifying and assessing material topics, we follow 
guidance from and report with reference to the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.
Market: shareholders, business 
partners, customers, large corporate 
clients, advertising agencies, media
In our communication with relevant 
market actors, we value transparency, 
integrity and quality. Customer health 
and safety, customer privacy, interactions 
with business partners and shareholders 
or media communication are all aspects 
encompassed in our Group’s corporate 
policy and development strategy, to ensure 
that our activities, brands, products and 
services are in compliance with applicable 
norms and regulations and that they 
respond to the needs of our stakeholders 
in terms of utility, marketing and labeling, 
environmental and social impact, etc. 
We do this through direct consultation or 
through extensive annual market research 
and satisfaction surveys, to make sure we 
cover all grounds.
In 2018, the broad range of sustainability-related topics included greenhouse gas 
emissions, occupational health and safety, environmental and socioeconomic 
compliance, fair labor practices or customer health and safety, to name only a 
few. They were evaluated for their relative significance and our ability to positively 
influence our value chain. which in turn made up the basis for a materiality assessment 
and prioritization of our focus towards sustainable approach and development. 
Material Topics
For more clarity, given the switch to GRI Standards 
from the G4 guidelines previously used in KMG 
International sustainability reporting, we have 
also included the corresponding guidelines in  
the GRI Annex at the end of this report.

Page 17:
13
Eruasian hoopoe
Upupa epops

Page 18:
14
Impact 
on Group
high
high
medium
medium
low
low
People
Community
Environment
Economic
Marketplace
Concern to 
stakeholders
Sector specific
Procurement practices
Customer  
health & safety Labeling
Socioeconomic compliance
Customer privacy
Marketing
Activities, brands, products, services
Stakeholder engagement
Training & education
Diversity & equal opportunity
Local communities
Anti-competitive behavior
Compliance
Supplier assessment
Grievance mechanisms
Emissions
Effluents and waste
Water and effluents
Sector specific
Biodiversity
Products 
& services
Materials
Energy
Sector specific
Human rights assessment
Security practices
Freedom of association
Grievance mechanisms
Supplier labor assessment
Indirect impacts
Economic 
performance
Market 
presence
Public policy
Grievance mechanisms
Supplier social 
assessment
Supplier social 
assessment
Employment
Indigenous rights
Forced/compulsory labor
Child labor
Non-discrimination
Equal pay for men and women
Anti-corruption
Sector specific
Transport
Sector specific
Labor relations
Human rights 
grievances
Occupational 
health and 
safety
The materiality matrix 
plots aspects based 
on their score from 
one‑on‑one surveys 
with stakeholders.
The table to the 
right lists all material 
aspects in descending 
order of importance.

Page 19:
15
GRI Standards Definition
ENVIRONMENT
305-1 to 305-7 Emissions
N/A Transport
306-2 to 306-4 Effluents and Waste
303-1 to 303-5 Water and Effluents
301-1, 301-2 Materials
302-1 to 302-5 Energy
304-1 to 304-4 Biodiversity
301-3 Materials
several Overall
307-1 Environmental Compliance
308-1, 308-2 Supplier Environmental Assessment
103-2 Grievance Mechanisms
OG 2 to OG 8 Sector Specific
ECONOMIC
203-1, 203-2Indirect Economic Impacts
201-1 to 201-4 Economic Performance
202-1, 202-2 Market Presence
204-1 Procurement Practices
OG 1 Sector Specific
MARKETPLACE
416-1, 416-2Customer Health and Safety
417-1 to 417-3 Marketing and Labeling
102-43, 102-44 Stakeholder Engagement
102-2 Activities, Brands, Products and Services
417-3 Marketing and Labeling
418-1 Customer Privacy
419-1 Socioeconomic Compliance
OG 14 Sector Specific
GRI Standards Definition
PEOPLE
403-1 to 403-10 Occupational Health & Safety
404-1 to 404-3 Training and Education
405-1 Diversity & Equal Opportunity
402-1 Labor Relations
OG 9 Sector Specific
414-1, 414-2 Supplier Social Assessment
401-1 to 401-3 Employment
405-2 Equal Pay for Men and Women
406-1 Non-Discrimination
408-1 Child Labor
409-1 Forced/Compulsory Labor
411-1 Indigenous Rights
103-2 Human Rights Grievances
414-1, 414-2 Supplier Labor Assessment
103-2 Management Approach: Grievance Mechanisms
412-2, 412-3 Human Rights Assessment
407-1 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining
410-1 Security Practices
412-1 Human Rights Assessment
COMMUNITY
413-1, 413-2 Local Communities
206-1 Anti-Competitive Behavior
419-1 Socioeconomic Compliance
OG 10 to OG 13 Sector Specific
205-1 to 205-3 Anti-Corruption
414-1, 414-2 Supplier Social Assessment
415-1 Public Policy
103-2 Grievance Mechanisms

Page 20:
16
Sustainable 
Development 
Goals
Late in 2015, the United Nations adopted 17 sustainable 
development goals, which build on the preceding 
Millennium Development Goals and seek to tackle the 
world’s economic, social and environmental issues by 2030.
Achieving the sustainable development goals (SDGs) 
will require action by governments, non-governmental 
organizations and the private sector. Companies can 
contribute to the achievement of the SDGs by reducing 
the negative impact of their operations and seeking to 
contribute positively to the environments and communities 
in which they operate. As a responsible corporate citizen, 
KMG International is committed to leave its mark, by 
harmonizing the 2030 Agenda principles with its long-term 
sustainable development strategy. 
Obiectivele evidențiate mai jos sunt strâns legate de 
aspectele identificate ca fiind cele mai relevante sau pentru 
KMG International în 2017, abordate în acest raport în 
conformitate cu matricea noastră de materialitate. 
When developing our target sustainability vision for 2018, 
we reviewed the priorities to date and reconfirmed KMG 
International’s sustainability goals and commitments. The 
following SDGs remain particularly relevant to our company:
Health and well-being represent top priorities for 
KMG International, with regard to both employees 
and the communities we operate in. Not only do 
we have strict health and safety work procedures in 
place, but we also carry out customized internal well-
being programs addressing emotional and social, 
physical and financial well-being. Furthermore, KMG 
International has been actively involved in supporting 
the Romanian healthcare system, through its long-
standing partnership with the Mobile Emergency 
Service for Resuscitation and Extrication (SMURD) & the 
Inspectorate for Emergency Situations (ISU), as well as 
through its consistent investments in healthcare-related 
projects across the country. 
Chapters: Community, People 
Our sustainable development plans place high 
emphasis on preserving water and managing its use 
in a responsible and sustainable way. We invest in new 
technologies and constantly improve our processes to 
use this valuable resource more efficiently.  Reducing 
water consumption, wastewater outputs and discharge, 
is an important part of our environmental standards. 
Chapter: Environment
Investing in education, personal and professional 
development is embedded into our business strategy 
and part of our mission to nurture the growth of our 
employees and communities. Beyond our annual 
internship program, which has been running for 
more than a decade, we support organizational 
growth through dedicated development, life-long 
learning and career progression programs, along with 
investments and sponsorships addressing community 
education needs. 
Chapters: Community, People

Page 21:
17
By environmental policy, we undertake reducing 
consumption of resources by using them in an effective 
way and by changing old, high energy consumption 
equipment with modern low-power equipment. 
Moreover, we have taken on implementing new 
lower-carbon technologies and sources of green 
energy (electrical car charging points in gas stations 
and photovoltaic panels). 
Chapter: Environment
We have codes, policies and assurance processes 
to help define how we can protect the environment, 
respect our stakeholders and communities and cause no 
harm to people. Energy efficiency is carefully considered 
in the life cycle of our products, from managing energy 
consumption in their production to providing customer 
advice on optimum fuel efficiency. 
Chapters: Environment, Marketplace
KMG International is constantly investing in the 
development of the Group’s operations, in view of 
building resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and 
sustainable industrialization and foster innovation. Under 
KMG International ownership, Petromidia Refinery has 
become one of the most modern refineries in Eastern 
Europe, accounting for more than 40% of Romania’s 
current refining capacity. 
Chapter: Introduction
Being aware of our responsibility when it 
comes to preserving biodiversity, the Group 
gives special attention to the Black Sea 
region, where Petromidia Refinery is situated, 
and cares about the very active wildlife 
populating the area. For each new project the 
impact of the refining activity on biodiversity 
is analyzed and assessed. 
Chapter: Environment
The principles for sustainable development 
set in the 2030 Agenda have been undertaken 
by the Group and they are embedded into its 
business principles and strategy. Moreover, 
KMG International is one of the founding 
members of the United Nations Global 
Compact local network, whose president for 
a two-year term, staring 2017, is the Group’s 
Sustainability & Communications Manager. 
Chapters: Approach, Introduction
Our activities create jobs, use local suppliers and support 
local communities and we contribute to economic 
growth through investments and by paying taxes to local 
governments. We assess those we work with to ensure 
they adhere to principles laid out in our Code of Ethics 
and Conduct. We have social investment projects to help 
consolidate local communities and facilitate their growth. 
Chapter: People
We continue to work to manage greenhouse gas 
emissions from our operations, in strict compliance 
with national and international regulations. Our 
efforts are focused on reducing our environmental 
footprint year on year and we are proud of our 
achievements in this regard. For example, in 2017, 
CO2 emissions for our Refining Business Unit 
decreased by 5% compared to the previous year. 
Chapter: Environment

Page 23:
Petromidia 
Refinery
Lake Tașaul
Lake  
Corbu
Midia Port
Black Sea
Marine 
Terminal
The species lives around salt‑  and fresh ‑ water 
bodies: lakes, ponds, coastal waters, lagoons, 
estuaries, wetlands. They are common across 
Europe, but their  habitats are quite small. 
Some populations are sedentary, though they 
could still migrate to Southeast Europe and 
the Middle East during harsh winters.
Several families are known to winter on the 
laces to the West and North of Petromidia 
Refinery. They feed by partially dunking in 
the water, or splashing the surface. Its diet 
includes aquatic plants, seeds and insects. 
Mute 
swan
Cygnus olor

Page 24:
20
Operations  
Overview
Kazakhstan
KazMunayGas JSC
The Netherlands
KMG International NV
Romania
Rompetrol Rafinare 
Rompetrol Dowstream 
Rompetrol Gas 
Byron Shipping
France & Spain
Dyneff France & Spain (49%)
Switzerland
KMG Trading
Bulgaria
Moldova
Georgia
Turkey
Libya
Singapore
Countries 
of Main 
Operations
Fully 
REACH 
compliant
Full compliance 
on marketing & 
communication
Full  
health & safety 
compliance
Fully  
RAR-certified
fuels & additives
Leading exporter
of petroleum  
products in Romania 
Sole producer 
of n-hexane  
in Romania 
Sole producer 
of bitumen  
in Romania 
Atlantic  
Ocean
Switzerland
The Netherlands
France
Spain

Page 25:
21
Moldova
Caspian 
Sea
Georgia
Libya
Bulgaria
Turkey
Kazakhstan
Romania
Black Sea
Mediterranean Sea
21

Page 26:
22
Romania:  
Our Base of  
Operations
Rompetrol  
Downstream
Rompetrol 
Gas
cyclinders
auto LPG
propane
6 warehouses:
Șimleu Silvaniei
Vatra Dornei
Mogoșoaia
Zărnești
Craiova
Arad
Rompetrol 
Rafinare
Petromidia 
refinery
Vega 
refinery
Petrochemical 
Division
GASOLINE
DIESEL
JET
N-HEXANE
BITUMEN
SOLVENTS
HEATING 
OILS
ADDITIVES
HDPE
LDPE
PP
700+ points of sale
Rompetrol Downstream & 
Rompetrol Gas network


Page 27:
23
Corporate and 
Commercial Brands
KMG International unifies all 
our foreign assets under one 
recognizable trademark, which 
is present across all the 12 main 
markets we operate on.
Rompetrol is the main brand 
of KMG International, used for 
the refining and petrochemicals 
operations, retail activities in 
Romania, Moldova, Bulgaria, 
Georgia and also for well services  
in the upstream area.
Rominserv is above all a solution 
provider. Technical and operational 
advantages establish Rominserv as:
 º Leading turn-key contractor for  
oil & gas investment projects.
 º Leading turn-key multidiscipline 
company managing 
technological upgrade, 
turnarounds and plant 
maintenance.
Under the Rompetrol brand we distribute 
and promote our retail products & services 
on 4 European markets – Romania, the 
Republic of Moldova, Bulgaria and Georgia.
Efix is Rompetrol’s advanced range of 
fuels, with outstanding engine performance 
properties. The products were designed 
with an optimum combination of additives 
ensuring not only the cleaning of valves 
and injectors, but also the reduction in 
fuel consumption and increase in engine 
performance. Efix fuels are produced at 
Petromidia and distributed in Romania, 
Bulgaria, Moldova and Georgia.
Fill & Go offers innovative pay-at-the pump 
services, fuels and shopping in the Hei 
stores, being the first identification system at 
the pump, available in different versions for 
both individual and corporate clients.
hei is the shop & gastro concept in our 
Romanian filling stations, created to improve 
customers’ experience and interaction with 
our retail products and services. hei is a 
place where you can relax and recharge 
your batteries, with a freshly brewed coffee 
or a variety of delicious sandwiches, pastry 
and desserts.

Page 28:
24
Business Units
KMG Trading
Group and non-Group 
feedstock supply
Petromidia  
Refinery
gasoline, diesel,  
jet fuel
Petrochemical Division
polypropylene, 
polyethylene  
(HDPE, LDPE)
Rompetrol  
Downstream
Fuel distribution in Romania
Rompetrol Gas
Cylinder distribution in Romania
Rompetrol BulgariaRompetrol GeorgiaRompetrol Moldova
Vega Refinery
n-hexane, bitumen, solvents, 
additives, heating oils
KMG Trading
Non-Group alternative 
feedstock supply
Midia Marine Terminal
Crude storage
KMG Trading
Exports
TRADING & SUPPLY CHAIN TRADING & SUPPLY CHAINREFINING RETAIL TRADING
Third-party trading
Trading
Retail network
Retail network
Distributors
Trading
Wholesale to 
distributors
Wholesale to 
consumers
Wholesale to 
consumers
Wholesale to 
distributors

Page 29:
25
Mute swans
Cygnus olor

Page 30:
26
Key Figures 
of 2018
REFINING AND 
PETROCHEM.
VEGA  
REFINERY
PETROMIDIA 
REFINERY
PETROCHEM. 
DIVISION
RETAIL AND 
WHOLESALE
3.35 million tons 
of gasoline, diesel 
and auto-LPG sold
200 new sale points 
opened in Romania, 
Moldova, Bulgaria 
and Georgia
TRADING AND 
SUPPLY CHAIN
14 million tons 
of feedstock and 
products handled
203,500 tons 
throughput 
record
89,500 tons 
polypropylene 
record output
22,000 tons 
polymer-grade 
propylene output
2.2% wt 
technical loss
148,000 tons  
polymers  
record output
27% increase  
in exports
5.92 million tons 
throughput record
406,000 tons 
throughput record
85,000 tons 
n-hexane 
record output 
0.93% wt 
record low 
technical loss
102,000 tons 
bitumen 
record output 
317,000 tons 
jet fuel record output 
2.75 million tons 
Diesel record output 
0.83% mt 
record low 
technical loss
142,000 tons 
propylene 
record output 
44,000 tons 
eco-solvents 
record output
1.36 million tons 
gasoline output
5.08 million 
tons record  
refining output

Page 31:
27
SUSTAINABLE 
DEVELOPMENT
USD 13 billion  
contributed to 
state budget 
(2007-2018)
USD 5 million  
invested 
in public 
healthcare
USD 12 million  
invested in 
community 
projects
USD 2 billion  
invested in 
Romania 
(2007-2018)
PEOPLE AND 
SAFETY
Over 5,000-strong 
Group headcount
Group diversity -  
17 nationalities 
6.84 average  
training hours  
per  employee
30,000  hours 
health & safety 
training 
NO fatal 
accidents
100% Safety 
program
ENVIRONMENTAL  
STANDARDS
Rompetrol Rafinare 
produces only 
EURO5 fuels
Petromidia Energy 
Intensity Index at 
record low - 96.1%
89.6%  
Petromidia waste 
recovery rate
Petromidia energy 
efficiency at record 
high - 2.97 GJ/mt
NO 
accidental 
spills
NO 
hazardous 
waste
COMMUNITY 
ENVOLVEMENT
11-year  
ISU & SMURD 
partnership
1,000 trees 
planted
6th edition  
of Rompetrol  
Run & Care
4th edition  
of Kazakh 
Film Festival
9 years as main 
partner of George 
Enescu Festival
16-year Civil 
Society Gala 
partnership
18 years 
offering 
internships
USD 100,000 
scholarships 
program

Page 32:
28
Corporate Governance is deeply rooted 
in our culture, being one of the key 
elements that drive our business 
strategy and, inherently, our  
operational performance and success. 
Not only does this promote 
accountability throughout the Group, 
but it also contributes significantly to 
increasing transparency across all our 
operations, as well as to strengthening 
our stakeholder relations and 
consolidating our reputation.
As such, our corporate governance 
policies are being reviewed annually 
to ensure alignment to global and 
local benchmarks and best practices.
Corporate 
Governance KMG International N.V. is a company 
incorporated and operating under 
Dutch laws, having its headquarters 
in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Incorporated in November 1999, the 
company has been 100%-owned by the 
National Company ‘KazMunayGas’ JSC 
since May 9, 2016.
As of December 2018, the KMG 
International Group comprised 65 
entities (sub-divided into 52 legal 
entities – joint stock or limited liability 
companies/partnerships and 13 
branches, representative offices 
and joint ventures), headquartered 
in 14 countries (i.e. Romania, The 
Netherlands, Republic of Kazakhstan, 
Switzerland, Bulgaria, Republic of 
Moldova, Georgia, Turkey, Ukraine, 
France, Spain, Singapore, Libya, 
Gibraltar), with the four Albanian 
companies, KazMunayGas Trading 
Singapore Pte. Ltd. and Rompetrol 
Well Services S.A. Kazakhstan branch 
undergoing liquidation.
The Articles of Association and 
the regulations applicable to each 
entity comply with local legislation 
and provide the rules underlying 
our ethical business conduct, as 
well as the proper administration 
and management of each entity. 
In Romania, the main applicable 
corporate regulations refer to 
Company Law no. 31/1990, as further 
amended and supplemented, and Law 
no. 297/2004 regarding capital market 
(the latter being applicable to stock 
exchange listed companies).
KMG International N.V. and its 
subsidiaries, altogether referred 
to as KMG International Group, 
represent a major worldwide 
player in the oil & gas sector, 
carrying out operations in 14 
countries throughout Europe,  
Central Asia and North Africa.
KMG International Group’s activities  
are primarily concentrated in the refining, 
retail, marketing and trading areas. The 
Group conducts additional operations in 
the exploration and production segments, 
as well as other oil industry services (such 
as upstream services, industrial services, 
drilling etc.), business and management 
consulting services being also performed 
as support function.
Operational Profile

Page 33:
29
Incorporation of the Kazakh-Romanian  
Energy Investment Fund
The Kazakh-Romanian Energy Investment Fund is 
a joint stock company established with the Energy 
Investment Management Company (Societatea 
de Administrare a Participațiilor în Energie S.A.), 
a Romanian legal entity owned entirely by the 
Romanian state. 
It was registered with the National Trade Register 
Office (ONRC) on November 8, 2018, after its 
establishment was announced on October 26.
Incorporation of one new company where 
Dyneff holds 50% interest, namely ETS 
ROSSIGNOL SAS, on November 9, 2018.
Rebranding Combustibles de Cerdagne 
SAS into “Paul Orriols” Combustibles de 
Cerdagne SAS
Rompetrol Drilling SRL suspended its 
activity from 24 Aug. 2018 until  
24 Aug. 2021
Major Corporate  
Changes in 2018
Management
The management system of KMG International N.V. includes 
three levels of approval, in accordance with its statutory 
documents and the applicable Dutch law:
The Sole Shareholder of KMG International N.V. is the National 
Company ‘KazMunayGas’ JSC.
The Board of Managing Directors comprises 6 (six) managing 
directors, of which 1 (one) executive managing director (CEO) 
and 5 (five) non-executive managing directors. 
The composition of KMG International N.V. Board of Managing 
Directors, as of December 2018, is the following:
Mr. Daniyar Berlibayev – Chairman of the Board 
Mr. Zhanat Tussupbekov – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Azamat Zhangulov – non-executive managing director 
Mr. Johan Frederik Lodewijk Frowein – independent 
non-executive managing director 
Mr. Emile Eduard Wolff – independent non-executive  
managing director 
Mr. Ramon Diego Mendes de Leon – independent 
non-executive managing director
SOLE SHAREHOLDER  
BOARD OF MANAGING DIRECTORS  
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO)

Page 34:
30
There are 3 independent members in the Group’s 
Board of Managing Directors. They are of paramount 
importance from the Corporate Governance perspective, 
as they provide well-grounded opinions in their area of 
expertise in support of management decisions, while 
also offering an increased protection of the interests of 
shareholders and other stakeholders, and an adequate 
guarantee for third parties. 
In accordance with KMG International N.V. Articles of 
Association and Board Regulations, the CEO, being the 
sole executive member of the Board, is responsible for 
the day-to-day management of the company, being also 
in charge of reviewing, defining and submitting strategic 
options that may contribute to the development of the 
company and its subsidiaries. The CEO is authorized to 
independently represent KMG International N.V., with 
the possibility to delegate his managing function for 
certain operations or categories of operations to certain 
third parties.  
The non-executive members of KMG International N.V. 
Board mainly have the following duties: (i) to participate 
in determining the strategy and general policies of the 
company; (ii) to supervise the management position and 
the general affairs of the company and its subsidiaries. 
In support of its activity, the Board of Managing Directors 
established specialized committees, such as the Audit 
Committee, the Appointment and Remuneration 
Committee, the Strategy and Innovation Committee and 
the Finance and Investment Committee.
Audit Committee
AS OF DECEMBER 2018
Mr. Ramon Diego Mendes de Leon (Chairman)
Mr. Emile Eduard Wolff
Ms. Anargul Kairulla (to be replaced)
Appointment & Remuneration Committee
AS OF DECEMBER 2018
Mr. Johan Frederik Lodewijk Frowein (Chairman)
Mr. Ramon Diego Mendes de Leon
Ms. Simona Popovici
Strategy & Innovation Committee
AS OF DECEMBER 2018
Mr. Azamat Zhangulov (Chairman)
Mr. Johan Frederik Lodewijk Frowein
Mr. Emile Eduard Wolff
Mr. Alexey Golovin
Finance & Investment Committee
AS OF DECEMBER 2018
Mr. Ramon Mendes de Leon (Chairman)
Mr. Azamat Zhangulov
Mr. Almas Lepesbayev
Mr. Alexey Golovin
Mr. Johan Frederik Lodewijk Frowein or Mr. Emile Eduard Wolff (alternatively)

Page 35:
31
The unified management system existing at the level 
of KMG International N.V. is mirrored at the level of the 
Group’s subsidiaries. As a result, the decision-making 
powers within most of such subsidiaries are divided 
into two or three layers:
General Assembly of Shareholders
SOLE SHAREHOLDER
Board of Directors
Sole DirectorGeneral Manager &  
Chief Financial Officer 
The Appointment and Remuneration Committee established by the Board 
of Managing Directors at the level of KMG International N.V. is responsible 
for advising the Board and the General Meeting (i.e. Sole Shareholders) 
in matters related to remuneration policy, terms of employment, total 
compensation, and performance criteria for top management. They are 
also responsible for the creation and implementation of any compensation 
plans, and the monitoring and assistance in the implementation of 
remuneration policies and plans at the Group level. 
The decision-making powers of any remuneration  
policies and plans applicable at Group  
level would rest upon the KMG  
International N.V. Board  
of Managing Directors.In accordance with KMG International N.V. Board 
Regulations, the company’s Board approves the 
appointment of general managers (GM) of KMG 
International N.V. affiliates, as well as the organizational 
structure of Rompetrol and the appointment of Chief 
Officers by business units. Therefore, the nomination 
process of key people within the Group is approached, 
discussed and approved by the highest governance 
body, based on criteria such as expertise, knowledge, 
skills, in line with the Group’s business needs.
As per the above-mentioned Board Regulations, all 
transactions in which there is a conflict of interest 
among KMG International N.V. and a Board Member 
shall be agreed on terms that are customary for 
arm’s-length transactions in the branch of business 
in which the company and its subsidiaries are active. 
Such Regulations also lay down rules and requirements 
concerning a conflict of interest.


Page 36:
32
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics and 
Business Conduct
Our Code of Ethics and Code 
of Business Conduct reflect the 
Group’s set of values, principles 
and ethical regulations that 
we observe in our day-by-day 
activities and we also expect our 
business partners to align with. 
Being engaged in almost all 
the operations pertaining to 
the Oil & Gas Industry, our 
success is possible only if our 
business is based on a clear and 
long-term strategic orientation 
towards integrity, honesty and 
responsibility.
Regarding ethics, human rights, advice-seeking 
and grievance mechanisms, anti-corruption / 
anti-bribery policy, and risk management, KMG 
International has put policies in place that apply 
to all subsidiaries within our organization, and all 
organizations we do business with, both domestic 
and international. These policies are applicable to 
all employees, contractors and stakeholders with 
direct or indirect relation to KMG International, 
treating all possible concerns raised in a prompt, 
professional and objective manner. 
The Code of Ethics establishes norms of behavior 
in interaction with colleagues, government 
bodies, our shareholders, affiliates, business 
partners, communities and the media. 
In this regard, we employ various advice seeking 
and grievance mechanisms so that every 
employee, business partner and stakeholder can 
feel confident in sharing any non-compliance 
incident, environmental concerns or social 
injustices with our corporate ethics and human 
resources departments. Concerns about 
unethical or unlawful behavior and matters 
related to integrity can also be reported directly 
to our Compliance Department. 
Our procedure for reporting grievances or 
seeking advice begins with the employee 
seeking guidance from their immediate 
supervisor. If he or she can not address 
the issue, they then go to their next level 
manager. If they are not able to handle the 
problem, then functional teams such as 
HR and compliance departments will step 
in. However, if any persons in this chain of 
command are part of the problem, there are 
dedicated email addresses (and also external 
emails) made available to each employee for 
them to report concerns about unethical or 
unlawful behavior. All reports are treated in 
a strictly confidential manner, without fear of 
retaliation. We provide regular training on 
this process so that employees know how to 
access the reporting mechanisms.
Furthermore, our anti-bribery and anti-
corruption policies promote integrity, 
accountability and proper management of 
the business in an ethical and transparent 
manner. It is the only way to do business and 
going forward our employment agreements 
and internal documents now have informative 
amendments on anti-corruption topics.

Page 37:
33
Pallas’s leaf warbler
Phylloscopus proregulus 

Page 38:
34
Code of Conduct
We are a dynamic leader in the 
regional oil field and believe that 
our success is possible because 
it stems from and is shaped by 
a well-defined set of values and 
principles that all our employees 
and business partners adhere to.
HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY 
The health, safety and security of our employees, suppliers  
and communities are priorities over everything else we do. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
We strive to identify, evaluate and manage the risks that may impact  
our host communities, our employees, our contractors, our business  
and the environment. 
RESPECT FOR OUR EMPLOYEES 
We respect our employees and provide  
support for their constant improvement. 
CONTINUOUS INVOLVEMENT 
We believe that the one true way to grow as a company is to have  
our employees grow with us. For this reason, we constantly provide 
continuous improvement opportunities for all employees. 
EDUCATION AND LEADERSHIP 
We promote leadership among all employees, especially through  
activities that encourage social responsibility and entrepreneurship. 
RESPECT FOR THE LOCAL COMMUNITY 
We respect, protect and promote the human rights, the culture,  
the traditions and the values of the local communities where we  
undertake our activities, and we also give back to our communities  
through social involvement. 
BEST PRACTICES 
We adhere to the best global practices. The principles of the  
United Nations Global Compact and the OECD guidelines for  
multinational enterprises guide all our activities. 

Page 39:
35
Great tit
Parus major

Page 40:
36
In addition to our Code of 
Conduct, we have in place 
a well-defined set of values 
that guides our actions.
We comply with the organizational 
and behavior rules defined by these 
Codes in all our activities and we 
request our business partners to 
meet the same standards that we 
have set in our operations.
KMG International also has a 
Supplier Code of Conduct in place, 
detailing the company’s values and 
approach with regard to integrity, 
human rights, labor standards and 
environmental responsibility. 
All suppliers and partners that wish 
to do business with us must comply 
with this Code.
OUR PEOPLE 
We place the highest priority on the needs of our employees. Our 
actions are always decided with their safety and well-being in mind. 
CARE, INTEGRITY & RESPONSIBILITY 
We are a trusted global partner and a valued corporate citizen. We  
are honest with all stakeholders and take responsibility for our actions. 
DETERMINATION 
The strength of our business stems from our strong determination  
to succeed and deliver excellence in everything we do. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 
As a company and throughout our entire supply chain we adhere to 
all the national and European laws and regulations governing the 
environment and proper management of resources. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
We support the principles set forth in the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights and maintain those high standards of integrity. By 
developing profitable business operations and by actively engaging 
with the local communities, we aim to ensure that our business 
practices contribute to long-term economic and social development. 
HIGH QUALITY 
We are committed to quality in everything we do, and we strive to 
continuously improve. We are passionate about achieving results that not 
only satisfy but exceed expectations. 
COMMITMENT TO LEADERSHIP 
We use our experience, our technology and our perseverance to  
be an example for all others in our industry. We are committed to 
leadership in all our actions. 

Page 41:
37
Eurasian magpie
Pica pica

Page 42:
38
Memberships  
and Affiliations
KMG International is associated with the 
following initiatives and organizations, 
primarily to give the Group access to 
the associations’ expertise in business, 
technical and industry best practices – 
an approach consistent with our peers:
AMERICAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE  
(AMCHAM ROMANIA)
Operating different working committees 
and task forces on environment, energy, 
corporate governance, taxations, 
competition, labor market etc.
CONSERVATION OF CLEAN AIR AND  
WATER IN EUROPE (CONCAWE)
Managing all petroleum products, based 
on REACH regulations (the European 
Community Regulation on chemicals and 
their safe use), within ECHA – European 
Chemicals Agency. Rompetrol Rafinare  
has been a member since 2008.
FOREIGN INVESTORS COUNCIL (FIC)
Committed to facilitating the dialogue 
between policy makers and the foreign 
investment community.
INTERNATIONAL ADVERTISING ASSOCIATION (IAA)
A unique strategic partnership, which defends the common interests of all subjects 
in the entire spectrum of marketing communications – from advertisers to media 
companies, agencies and direct marketing firms and individual practitioners.
KAZAKHSTAN CHAMBER OF  
INTERNATIONAL COMMERCE (KAZCIC)
A branch of the Kazakhstan National Chamber of Entrepreneurs, its mission is to 
contribute to the development of Kazakhstan through  
the support of domestic companies in foreign trade.
KAZENERGY
Promoting the creation of favorable conditions for the dynamic and sustainable 
development of the fuel and energy sector in the Republic of Kazakhstan.
NATIONAL AGENCY OF  
EXPORTERS AND IMPORTERS (ANEIR)
Acting to create a legislative economic, financial and banking framework, likely to 
expand the export-import volume of Romania.
ROMANIAN ADVERTISING COUNCIL (RAC)
A professional, non-governmental, nonprofit and independent organization. The 
main activity of the Council is represented by self-regulation in advertising.
ROMANIAN ASSOCIATION OF  
DRILLING CONTRACTORS (ACFR)
Member of the International Association of Drilling Contractors – IADC, the 
International Society of Oil Engineers – SPE, both of them with headquarters in 
Houston-USA, as well as a member of the Association of Oil and Gas Engineers.

Page 43:
39
39
ROMANIAN ENERGY CENTER (CRE)
CRE groups over 20 representative energy companies 
in Romania, covering all areas - extraction, production, 
transport and distribution of electricity, oil and gas, 
energy services and design. It objectives are to ensure a 
business-friendly environment and to boost competitiveness 
for the Romanian energy sector, while developing dialogue 
and cooperation between member companies and relevant 
national and European authorities and institutions active in 
energy policy.
ROMANIAN PETROLEUM  
ASSOCIATION (ARP)
Aiming to provide the framework required to facilitate 
cooperation between oil companies in Romania. 
ROMANIAN PETROLEUM  
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION  
COMPANIES ASSOCIATION (ROPEPCA)
Aimed at achieving a transparent working environment in 
the upstream oil and gas sector in Romania and maintaining 
the highest standards and latest technology.
THE PETROLEUM CLUB OF ROMANIA
Romania’s most exclusive gathering of energy professionals, 
allowing industry players to explore new opportunities as 
well as to provide a conduit for dialogue with authorized 
Romanian and international entities.
UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL COMPACT
KMG International is a signatory of the UNGC and founding 
member of its Romanian branch, acting as active supporter 
towards the achievement of the Sustainable Development 
Goals set forth in the 2030 Agenda.

Page 45:
Petromidia 
Refinery
Lake Tașaul
Lake  
Corbu
Midia Port
Black Sea
Marine 
Terminal
Specific to wetlands, both salt ‑  and 
fresh‑water, very common in the 
Danube Delta, it has been spotted on 
the lakes near Petromidia Refinery.
They have a nocturnal lifestyle, as their 
name suggests, and can be spotted at 
dawn or at dusk. They feed on small 
fish, insect larvae, amphibians, leeches 
and even field mice.
Black‑crowned 
night heron
Nycticorax nycticorax

Page 46:
42
Overview
The activities carried out by KMG International 
comply with the environmental legislation for 
each country where the Group operates. In 
each of these markets we strive to develop 
a sustainable business respecting the 
environment, being part of it, while pursuing 
economic performance. The commitments 
and measures adopted by KMG International 
are set by the environmental strategy the 
Group developed and adopted with the 
aim of ensuring a predictable and successful 
long-term approach towards the environment. 
Therefore, we develop and maintain programs 
to manage air emissions, prevent and respond 
to spills, minimize habitat disturbance and 
protect water across diverse ecosystems and 
regulatory requirements. 
As a major player in the regional oil & gas 
sector, our goal is to conduct operations in a 
safe, ethical and socially responsible way while 
minimizing our environmental impact. These 
considerations are integral to our strategy 
and are embedded throughout our planning, 
decision-making and operational processes. 
Moreover, our track record of innovation and 
continuous progress strongly underpins these 
goals as it drives continuous efficiency and 
sustainability across our business.
As founding member of the local United 
Nations Global Compact branch in Romania, 
we have has pledged to lead by example in 
our strive towards achieving the 2030 SDGs. 
As such, many of our efforts are guided by 
our environmental goals for the reduction 
of energy use, greenhouse gas emissions, 
nitrogen oxide (NOX) emissions, sulfur 
dioxide (SO2) emissions and waste disposal. 
To track our environmental performance 
and drive improvement over time, we use 
key performance metrics at local and global 
level, and we apply permanent monitoring 
and regular reporting, in compliance 
with the applicable legislation. Moreover, 
the investment programs carried out by 
the Group place high emphasis on the 
alignment with the best technologies and 
processes available in the industry.
As a result, the investments in maintenance 
and the integrated QHSE management 
system has brought us great results in the 
past years. Petromidia refinery’s energetic 
efficiency has witnessed improvements, 
leading to lower levels of energy 
consumption. Energy consumption for 
both Vega refinery and the Petrochemical 
Division have been on a downward slide. 
Water management has also been tackled in 
our QHSE strategy and we have successfully 
managed to develop a lifecycle approach 
to managing this natural resource, from 
sourcing through disposal.
Year on year, we revise and amend our 
environmental strategy, in line with internal 
and external best practices.  Making use 
of our experience and lessons learned, 
we follow the principles set forward in our 
Group environmental policy, which include:
• Compliance with legislation and other 
applicable requirements;
• Usage of the environmental management 
system in order to integrate performance 
criteria as well as criteria regarding air, water, 
soil and natural resources protection;
• Continuance of investment programs in order 
to comply with the legislation in the field of 
environment protection; 
• Assessment of company environmental 
performance and communicate with the 
interested organizations as well as with 
the local communities, with regard to the 
continuing improvement of the former; 
• Promotion of information and awareness 
among employees about measures to prevent 
and reduce emissions into the atmosphere, 
water and soil, including waste management 
for the activities which may have an impact on 
the environment;
• Encouragement of participation in voluntary 
and social responsibility projects in the 
neighboring communities.
Nevertheless, while we are proud of our 
accomplishments, we continually strive 
to better our performance and adhere to 
strong policies and practices which you can 
learn about here.

Page 47:
43
Dice snake
Natrix tessellata

Page 48:
44
Major 2018 
Achievements
2018 was a year of all-round records for 
KMG International despite a volatile market 
environment. In its efforts to increase production, 
minimize technological losses and eliminate 
accidental shutdowns in the industrial process, 
KMG International also continued to invest in the 
maintenance and continuous improvement of 
its integrated QHSE management system, with 
special focus on reducing the environmental 
footprint of its operations.
Thus, no cases of safety incidents were 
registered, and no accidental pollution or fuel 
quality complaints were recorded, while the 
Group’s overall environmental performance 
showed significant improvement compared 
to previous years.
More specifically, the Group registered record 
operational and financial results for the sixth 
consecutive year since the upgrade and 
processing capacity increase of Petromidia 
Refinery in 2012, while managing to optimize its 
water and energy consumption and reduce its 
technological losses. 
Petromidia Refinery, KMG International Group’s main 
asset in Romania, continued to impress in terms of 
technological and production parameters in 2018, with a 
new historic record of 5.92 million tons of feedstock and 
other production levels which exceeded the 5-million-ton 
threshold for the first time in the history of the refinery. 
At the same time, Petromidia drove its environmental 
commitments further than ever before, recording its 
lowest technological loss in history, 0.83% wt below the 
level of 2017, along with its lowest energy intensity index 
- 96.1% and highest energy efficiency - 2.97 GJ/mt.
Vega Refinery, Romania’s oldest crude processing 
unit still in use, boasted similar performances, as 2018 
brought the highest levels of processed feedstock, a new 
record for n-hexane production, as well as ecological 
solvents and bitumen production. Despite all these 
operational peaks, the refinery managed to reach its 
lowest technological loss – 0.93% wt and its lowest 
energy consumption ever recorded - 2.43 GJ/mt.
On a correspondingly positive note, the Group’s 
Petrochemical Division also improved its energy 
consumption, recording an energy efficiency index of 
18.1 GJ/mt, down by 0.6 GJ/mt compared to 2017, as 
well as technological losses of 2.2% wt in 2018, 0.5% 
lower than the previous year.
Companies in the Group’s Retail and Trading business 
units followed the same trend in terms of environmental 
efficiency. Rompetrol Downstream, KMG International’s 
retail division that includes the Group’s network of gas 
stations and warehouses, exceeded its 1% targets for 
water and energy usage by 1.95% and 2.90% respectively.
44

Page 49:
45
Major activities carried out in 2018 to achieve  
the Group’s environmental objectives included:
• Issuing, approving and communicating QHSE Policy aligned with 
the strategic direction of the KMGI Group and in accordance with 
the requirements of the ISO & OHSAS standards in force; 
• Maintaining/developing/revising/reviewing system documents 
(procedures/work instructions/ regulations, etc.) in compliance with 
the requirements of the KMG International Group Policy no 1 and 
new ISO 9001 & 14001 standards, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 50001;
• Active involvement in the implementation and certification of the 
energy management system according to the ISO 50001 standard;
• Internal audits, safety audits, inspections in accordance with 
operational planning, in order to identify both weak points and 
improvement opportunities; 
• Specific statistics and reports with various frequencies (weekly/
monthly/quarterly/half-yearly/annual/upon request), in order to 
meet both internal and external requirements; 
• Maintaining certifications on vehicle fuels and bitumen in 
compliance with the legal requirements / regulations of the 
European Union; 
• Securing ISCC Certification for fuels with biocomponent; 
• Monitoring operations for environment protection pursuant to the 
Integrated Environment and Water Management Authorizations, 
as well as the compliance requirements under the Greenhouse 
Gas Authorization.
Furthermore,  
CO2 emissions for  
the Refining Business Unit  
(Petromidia and Vega platforms,  
along with the Petrochemical Division)  
kept on a downward trend, with a decrease by 1.4 %  
compared to the previous year, while the Group continued to  
empty the historical sludge from Lagoon no. 1, process which was  
initiated in 2017, as part of the Group’s strategy to preserve biodiversity 
and water resources and to reverse land degradation.
Common kestrel
Falco tinnunculus
White wagtail
Motacilla alba

Page 50:
46
Operational 
Performance
While back in 2017 KMG International 
had reached the highest operational 
performance in the 40 years since 
the establishment of Rompetrol and 
Petromidia Refinery, and  marked 10 
years since its takeover and integration 
into Kazakhstan’s national oil and gas 
company, KazMunayGas, the main 
highlight of KMGI activity for 2018 was 
the achievement of new production 
records in all business segments - 
refining, retail and trading.
The key operational drivers for these 
records were the increase in the 
processed volumes of raw materials 
and in the production of finished 
goods, as well as a significant increase 
in sales of petroleum products in 
Romania and in the region.
The company’s financial results were 
positively influenced by production 
process optimization programs 
(increase of processing capacity and 
increase of white products yields) and 
also influenced by the optimization of 
operating costs, programs that started 
in the year 2014 and successfully 
continued in the following years (of 
which reduction in steam and power 
consumption are the most significant).
In 2018, Petromidia Refinery – the biggest 
asset of the Group and one of the most 
technologically advanced crude processing 
unit in the Black Sea region - reached new 
maximal operational efficiency. The total 
volume of raw materials processed in 2018 
by Petromidia Refinery was 5.9 million tons, 
1 million tons higher than planned, and 
it represents the highest annual level of 
feedstock processed in its history.
The production plan for 2018 was designed 
with a total processing of 5,445,849 tons, of 
which 4,846,000 tons crude oil and 599,849 
tons other feedstock. This program formed 
the basis for the preparation of the 2018 
income and expense budget.  
Refining and 
Petrochemicals
PETROMIDIA REFINERY
The volume of finished products obtained in 
the three KMGI production units in Romania - 
Petromidia and Vega refineries, as well as the 
Petrochemical Division - reached a record level 
of 5.8 million tons during the reporting period. 
An increase in the production of marketable 
petroleum products - gasoline, diesel and jet 
fuel - was also recorded at the end of 2018. 
Moreover, new records were also reached in the 
production of the Group’s main petrochemicals - 
polypropylene, bitumen and n-hexane.
The feedstock processed in 2018 eventually 
stood at 5,924,876 tons, of which 5,027,556 tons 
crude oil and 956,075 tons other raw materials. 
This figure accounts for 108.8% of the capacity 
provisioned in the 2018 budget. 
In operational terms, the refinery worked at full 
output of 17,332.6 tons of raw materials per 
day, reported to actual working time, registering 
record performances.
The yields for diesel stood at 46.49% in 2018, 
while the yields for white products (gas, diesel, 
Jet, automotive LPG) reached the level of 75.5% in 
2018. Petromidia Refinery produced 2.75 million 
tons of diesel in 2018, the highest level it has ever 
reached since its commissioning in 1979.

Page 51:
47
Evolution of Petromidia  
throughput since launch
Petromidia 
Refinery is 
commissioned
The Rompetrol 
Group N.V.  
buys Petromidia
KMG acquires 
The Rompetrol 
Group N.V.
Petromidia 
modernization 
concludes
Petromidia 
historic peak 
throughput
201820001979 2007 2012
5.92 million tons 
263,000 tons above 2017
5.08 million tons 
 
1.36 million tons 
92,000 tons above 2017
2.75 million tons 
16,000 tons above 2017
0.317 million tons 
66,000 tons above 2017
142,000 tons 
10,000 tons above 2017
86.20% wt 
record yield
0.83% wt 
record low technical loss
3 points lower 
than 2017
2.97 GJ/mt
Feedstock 
Processed1
Crude Unit 
Production2
Gasoline  
Production
Diesel  
Production
Jet Fuel1,3 
Production
Polypropylene 
Production1
White Finished 
Products
Technical 
Losses4
Energy Intensity 
Index4
Energy 
Consumption4
1. New historic  
peak level
2. First time 
to exceed the 
5‑million‑ton 
threshold
3. Record yield 
of 5.4% wt
4. New historic  
low level

Page 52:
48
The only domestic bitumen and hexane producer also 
registered impressive operational results in 2018, reporting 
a total feedstock of 406 Kt (up 9%). This is the first time in its 
history when the 400 Kt threshold was exceeded.
The 2018 production schedule of Vega Refinery was 
designed for a total processing output of 387,095 tons, 
of which 387,025 tons raw materials of KMG International 
Group and 70 tons raw materials acquired outside the 
Group. The processing carried out in 2018 amounted to 
406,004 tons, of which 405,959 tons from KMG International 
Group and 45 tons non-Group. The processing represents 
104.88% as compared to the schedule established for the 
2018 budget, according to the available raw materials from 
Petromidia Refinery and correlated with the market demand.
The Petrochemical Division of the refinery managed to increase its total 
feedstock (propylene, ethylene) by about 3% in 2018 compared to the 
previous year. The Petrochemical segment thus recorded a new year with  
very good operational performance. 
The petrochemical segment is the only polypropylene and polyethylene 
producer in Romania, constantly increasing its market share and the secondary 
products categories. Its dynamic development strategy provides the company 
with a competitive position both on the domestic market and on the regional 
market - the Black Sea and the Mediterranean, Central and Eastern Europe. 
The polymer production achieved in 2018 amounted to 147,953 tons, of 
which PP – 89,533 tons, LDPE – 51,691 tons and HDPE – 6,730 tons.
VEGA REFINERY PETROCHEMICAL  DIVISION
85,000 tons 
historic peak
102,000 tons 
historic peak
44,000 tons 
historic peak
40.1 USD/mt 
 
0.93 %wt 
historic low
203,500 tons 
historic peak
89,500 tons 
higher than 2017
148,000 tons 
22,000 tons polymer-grade PP
18.1 GJ/mt 
0.6 GJ/mt lower than 2017
276 USD/mt 
products 
2.2 %wt 
0.5% lower than 2017
N-Hexane 
Production
Bitumen 
Production
Eco-Solvents 
Production
Processing  
Cost
Technical 
Losses
Feedstock 
Processed
Polypropylene 
Production
Polymers 
Production
Energy  
Intensity Index
Conversion  
Cost
Technical 
Losses

Page 53:
49
Retail sales volumes also experienced the overall growth characterizing 
Group operations throughout 2018. Internal and external wholesale and 
retail channels amounted to 3.35 million tons for the period under review, 
59,000 tons higher than 2017 and 1.25 million tons more than volumes 
registered in 2012. Herewith, the profits from non-fuel retail sales rose 
to USD 21 million, which stands 28% (USD 6.3 million) higher than the 
previous year and more than double compared to 2012 indicators.
Since part of the Group’s development projects for 2018 were aimed 
at expanding the regional distribution network in Romania, Moldova, 
Bulgaria and Georgia, about 200 new sale points were opened (including 
fuel stations, express stations, skids and reservoirs).
Following the same direction, crude sales to third parties 
reached new records as well. Exports of raw materials and 
petroleum products sold through trading channels amounted 
to 14.9 million tons, 2.7 million tons more than in 2017 and 10.3 
million tons higher than 2012. 
Thus, KMG International continued to be the largest exporter 
of petroleum products in Romania, with quantities delivered by 
the refining and petrochemical divisions to KMG International 
subsidiaries in Bulgaria, Moldova and Georgia and to partners 
in the Black Sea region standing 27% higher, at USD 1.7 billion.
Furthermore, starting October 2018, KMG International has 
become the first company in Romania to be awarded the 
“Standard” accreditation level by CIPS (Chartered Institute 
of Procurement and Supply). The Certification of this level 
attests the Group has robust and professional procurement 
practices/systems in place and performs world-class services in 
procurement and supply.
The achievement of high operational results in 2018 reflects 
the constant implementation of internal programs aimed at 
the progressive development and further diversification of the 
business. Due to the company’s internal financing, the projects 
implemented focused on optimizing and improving the 
cost-effectiveness of processing, logistics and sales activities, as 
well as on transforming current activities to reduce operational 
expenses and increase profitability.
Rompetrol Gas placed a 
wide range of products 
in the market in 2018, 
totalling 405,242 tons 
across several segments:
ROMPETROL GAS
Retail and 
Wholesale
Trading and 
Supply Chain
87,455 tons
69,814 tons 
15,086 tons 
2,555 tons
111,979 tons
205,807 tons
Retail
auto LPG 
cylinders 
propane
Wholesale
Export

Page 54:
50
Energy & Water 
Management 
All Group entities monitor power usage and 
constantly revise and propose improvements 
to the Group’s strategy, in line with legal 
requirements and operational evolutions, 
to ensure energy efficiency considering the 
specific consumption activities of each unit. 
Additionally, the implementation of several 
measures aimed at generating higher 
throughput, lower costs and increased 
mechanical and operational availability 
drove an overall positive evolution of energy 
indicators throughout the Group in 2018, 
breaking the previous year’s records or even 
registering historical ones.
As a result of energy efficiency and operational 
performance improvements carried out at the 
level of the Group’s refining operations, both 
Petromidia and Vega refineries recorded lower 
total energy inputs in 2018 compared to the 
previous year, thus maintaining the trend that 
was recorded in the past.
Energy Input and  
Consumption
Following the general overhaul of Petromidia 
Refinery performed in 2015 and the 
implementation of the initiatives within the 
“Dolphin” project, the equipment functioned 
in 2017 and 2018 at a high level of safety, with 
a low maintenance cost, boasting 96.95% 
mechanical availability. The reduction of 
operating costs, along with the increase in 
the mechanical and operational availability 
allowed an improvement of the Energy 
Intensity Index, which reached 96.1 points.
The lowest energy consumption of 
Petromidia Refinery (~2.97 GJ/ton) was 
recorded in 2018, related to the ton of 
throughput, value which was lower by 
approximately 2.2% compared to 2017. 
The utilities cost increased by USD 1.5/ton 
from USD 7.6/ton in 2017 to USD 9.2/ton 
in 2018, correlated with an increase in the 
prices of utilities, the internal production 
of refinery gas, and with the operation of 
internal steam sources.
In 2018, the energy consumption of Vega 
Refinery reported to throughput marked a 
decrease by approximately 3% compared to 
2017, operational result stemming from the 
asynchronous functioning of the plants, as 
well as measures to reduce consumption. 
Correspondingly, the Petrochemical 
Division also reduced its overall energy 
consumption, lowering both power and 
steam consumption, to an energy index of 
18.18, compared to the 18.71 recorded the 
previous year. This was mainly influenced by 
unit pellet production (quantity and grades), 
polymer grade propylene production and 
the continuous operation (utilities consumed 
during non-operation increase the EIP).
Given the growth of the Group’s retail 
network, Rompetrol Downstream saw an 
increase in overall power consumption 
compared to the previous year, from 24,522 
M¨W in 2017 to 25,458 MW in 2018. As for 
Rompetrol Gas, the company maintained a 
steady power consumption, with a total of  
630 MW in 2018.
In the Trading Division, Midia Marine 
Terminal’s power consumption in 2018 
reached 612 MW, while the division’s total 
energy usage for the year was 701,713 MW.
By environmental policy, we undertake 
reducing consumption of resources by 
using them in an effective way and by 
changing old, high-energy equipment with 
modern low-power equipment, as well as by 
implementing new technologies regarding 
green energy (electric car charging stations 
in gas stations; photovoltaic panels).

Page 55:
51
PETROMIDIA ENERGY BASKET (GJ/T) 2017 2018
Fuel gas
Power
Coke on catalyst, PSA off‑gases
Steam
1.72
0.58
0.57
0.17
1.74
0.56
0.58
0.10
Total energy used 3.04 2.98
VEGA ENERGY BASKET (GJ/T) 2017 2018
Fuel gas
Power
2.41
0.24
2.17
0.23
Total energy used 2.65 2.40
PETROCHEMICAL ENERGY BASKET (GJ/T) 2017 2018
Steam
Power (onsite)
Power (offsite)
10.34
6.02
2.35
10.56
5.40
2.23
Total energy used 2.65 2.40
PETROMIDIA ENERGY EFFICIENCY INDEX (GJ/T)
PETROMIDIA ENERGY INTENSITY INDEX (GJ/GDP)
PETROCHEMICAL ENERGY EFFICIENCY INDEX (GJ/T)
VEGA ENERGY EFFICIENCY INDEX (GJ/T)
2017 2018
2017 2018
2017 2018

Page 56:
52
As part of our commitment to achieving the 
2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, we 
strive to preserve water across our operations 
and ensure that wastewater is properly treated 
prior to discharge to avoid degradation of the 
surrounding environment. 
All Group operations closely follow the 
requirements of water and environmental 
permits and have water quality monitoring 
systems in place. In 2018, values set forth in 
the integrated environmental authorization 
regarding groundwater quality were not 
exceeded at Petromidia or Vega refineries, 
just as the LEVs for land industrial use (7 
monitoring points inside Petromidia Refinery 
and 2 test sample points at Vadu and Năvodari) 
did not record values above limits. Moreover, 
monitoring systems are in place for both the 
Retail and Trading Business Units of the Group, 
in conformity with legal requirements on water 
and environmental protection.
Petromidia Refinery’s total water input 
increased to 5,906 thousand m3 in 2018, from 
5,883 thousand m3 in 2017, thus following an 
opposite trend to the nearly 3.5% drop from 
2016, while Vega Refinery’s total water input 
decreased, from 920.18 thousand m3 to 902.87 
thousand m3 in 2018.
Water Input and  
Consumption
Regarding the Group’s Retail Business 
Unit, an increase in water input was 
recorded in 2018, due to the expansion 
of the Group’s retail network, from 
148,762 m3 in 2017 to 157,355 m3 in 
2018, respectively a 6,065 m3 water 
consumption level for Rompetrol Gas in 
2018, compared to 5,043 m3 in 2017. 
As for the Groups’ Upstream Business 
Unit, water consumption values remained 
flat, Rompetrol Well Services and Oilfield 
Exploration Business Solutions using 
drilled well water and local network water 
with a stable water consumption over the 
years, namely 143 m3/year and 3,650 m3/
year for the Timișoara and Ploiești working 
points and cca. 300 m3/year, respectively. 
Our wastewater discharge was 7.2 million 
m3 for Petromidia Refinery. More precisely, 
of the 9,443,704 m3 of treated wastewater 
at Petromidia Refinery, 7,222,786 m3 were 
discharged at Vadu, while 2,220,918 m3 
were reused. The reused water (recycled) 
on Petromidia platform was 23.5% of 
total water withdrawn. The percentage of 
recycled water at Vega Refinery was the 
same as in previous years.
52

Page 57:
53
In 2013, GHG permits were issued for both Petromidia and Vega 
refineries, valid until the end of 2020 (Phase III), while annual external 
audits were conducted to verify CO2 calculations for the previous year. 
All conformity obligations were fulfilled in 2018, the Refining 
Business Unit registering an overall 1.4 % decrease in its CO2 
emissions from 2017. 
As for sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions, although within 
legal limits, there were fluctuations registered by the Group’s refining 
units compared to the previous year. For instance, opposite to the 
evolutions recorded throughout the previous year, Petromidia refinery 
(including the petrochemical plant) reduced its NOx emissions, from 
514 tons in 2017 to 492 tons in 2018. However, an increase in SO2 
emissions was recorded, from 274 tons in 2018 to 291 tons in 2018. 
On a similar trend, Vega Refinery recorded higher NOx emissions in 
2018, 86.51 tons, while SO2 emissions were lower, at 26.21 tons.  For 
Rompetrol Gas, the same values as the previous year were kept.
In terms of waste, our waste recovery rate for Petromidia Refinery in 2018 was 
89.6%, with a waste generation rate of 1.6 kg of waste/ton of raw material 
processed. Total waste recorded by Vega Refinery was 736.97 tons, while 
the Group’s Retail Business Unit generated waste in the amount of 6,425.93 
tons, split between Rompetrol Downstream (5,253.93 tons) and Rompetrol 
Gas (1,172 tons). For the Trading Business Unit, total waste generated in 2018 
reached 25.7 tons. 
Moreover, in line with its commitment to environmental protection, Vega 
refinery started reclaiming the lagoons “inherited” by the Rompetrol Group 
following the refinery’s privatization in 1999. In this respect, KMG International, 
through its refining unit in Ploiesti, started an extensive process of selecting a 
company with experience in the field, as well as identifying the best and safest 
technologies to neutralize and eliminate the acid tar and sludge generated by 
the years of crude processing and fuel production.
These measures are part of the complex environmental strategy of the 
Group, which saw the transformation of this unit from a classical refinery into a 
manufacturer and supplier of special products and solutions (environmentally 
friendly solvents, eco-friendly heating fuels etc.).
The complete reclamation of the lagoons is set for the upcoming year, which 
will involve increased safety measures and the ongoing collaboration with 
competent environmental authorities. Operations will be constantly monitored 
through on-line measurements of all required parameters, including the 
noise generated during `greening’ operations. The refinery is considering the 
possibility of displaying relevant environmental indicators on an electronic 
panel in real-time, for increased transparency.
Furthermore, no accidental spills were recorded in 2018 and no hazardous 
waste was transported, imported or treated at the Refining Business Unit. 
Moreover, CMA was not exceeded for the treated waste waters discharged 
from Pond 2 into the Black Sea, thus posing no risk to species with habitats in 
the areas of operation.
BU REFINING  
CO2 EMISSIONS 
(TH. TONS) 2016 2017 2018
Petromidia  
Refinery
Petrochemical  
Division
Vega Refinery
984.82 
44.14 
46.17
918.38 
62.38 
48.02
906.20 
61.66 
47.16
Emissions 
and Waste

Page 58:
54
We recognize the potential impact oil and 
gas development can have on habitats and 
biodiversity and, in our commitment to preserve 
the Black Sea Biosphere, located in close proximity 
to Petromidia Refinery, our environmental strategy 
provides specific actions and measures to prevent 
ground and underground pollution. 
Additionally, aside from the permits issued by the 
competent authorities and the annual certifications 
issued by Lloyds Register, KMG International 
analyzes and assesses the impact of the refining 
activity on biodiversity for each new project. In 
2018, KMG International kept a stable trend, with 
no risks imposed to species with habitats in our 
areas of operations. 
Furthermore, through our wastewater treatment 
operations carried out by the Rompetrol Rafinare 
Wastewater Treatment Plant (treating both 
the wastewater from the Petromidia platform 
and household waste waters from the city of 
Năvodari) we contributed to the improvement 
of habitat development in the plant’s two ponds 
(natural purification of wastewater before being 
discharged in the Black Sea), which host an 
increasing number of animal species, becoming a 
real refuge for birds, especially in winter time. 
Rompetrol Rafinare (RRC), KMG 
International’s refining division, only 
produces Euro 5 fuels and only processes 
sour crude oil. All RRC fuels and VEGA 
additives are certified by the Romanian 
Automotive Register according to GD no. 
928/2012 on minimum requirements for 
market introduction of fuel. Furthermore, 
all biofuel volumes purchased by KMG 
International comply with sustainability 
criteria set out in the EU Legislation, being 
sourced from EU producers using mainly 
European feedstock.
Due to the strict requirements and high 
standards implemented by the Group in its 
trading and retail operations, no significant 
environmental impact of transporting 
products and other goods and materials 
were registered, and no significant 
environmental penalties were applied by 
competent authorities in 2018. 
The Quality, Environment, Occupational 
Health and Safety Management System 
was recertified in 2018 and the Energy 
Management System was implemented 
and pre-audited to improve energy 
Compliance  
and InvestmentsBiodiversity
efficiency. Also, to meet the Renewable 
Energy Directive (RED) provisions and to 
demonstrate compliance with sustainability 
criteria, Rompetrol Rafinare SA has a 
voluntary certification according to the 
ISCC-EU scheme, as trader with storage, 
the ISCC Management System also being 
recertified during the reporting period.
The Retail Business Unit (RGS and DWS) 
successfully recertified both entities’ 
Management Integrated Systems, obtaining 
new certificates valid until 2021 for ISO 
9001, 14001 and 18001. At the same time, 
Midia Marine Terminal also recertified its 
activities in conformity with the Quality, 
Environment, Occupational Health and 
Safety Management systems, valid until 
2021 for ISO 9001, 14001 and 18001. 
While Petromidia refinery was in full 
environmental compliance in 2018, USD 
20,230 in environmental penalties were 
applied by Environmental State Authorities 
to Vega Refinery. Moreover, a USD 6,500 
penalty was applied to one gas station in 
the Rompetrol Downstream network. 

Page 59:
55
 
USD 0 
USD 1,800
 
USD 2,163,315 
USD 505,771
 
USD 1,015,643
USD 91,025
USD 20,536
Petromidia Refinery
Environmental compliance 
Environmental charges
Vega Refinery
Environmental compliance 
Environmental charges
Rompetrol Downstream
Environmental expenditures
Rompetrol Gas
Environmental expenditures*
Midia Marine Terminal
Environmental charges
Disposal of gas cylinders, waste disposal, 
packaging, environmental analysis
In 2018, the costs of environmental compliance and activities 
targeting environmental footprint reduction totalled nearly 4 million 
USD, addressing issues like waste disposal, packaging, VOC checks, 
environmental analysis, sludge collection from lagoons, cleaning 
works on refining platforms etc. 
No grievances about environmental impacts were filed, addressed 
or resolved through formal grievance mechanisms in 2018. 
European 
ground squirrel
Spermophilus citellus

Page 61:
Petromidia 
Refinery
Lake Tașaul
Lake  
Corbu
Midia Port
Black Sea
Marine 
Terminal
It is one of the few mute birds, though it does 
produce clonking sounds with its powerful beak.
Breeding white storks prefer lowland open 
habitats like wet pastures, flooded meadows  
and shallow lakes and marches with scattered 
trees for roosting and nesting. 
They have adapted to nest on man‑made 
structures and have been known to forage in 
freshly plowed fields.
The oldest white stork observed in Romania was 
ringed in 1960 and was identified 12 and a half 
years later in Tanzania.
White stork
Ciconia ciconia

Page 62:
58
Labor 
Practices
Our 
Approach
We have always stated that our people are what 
drives our success, they are the ones responsible for 
KMG International always getting further. And, as 
we are aware that we need to have thriving people 
in order to also have a thriving community and 
business altogether, our efforts are concentrated into 
developing and maintaining long-term, mutually 
beneficial relationships with our employees, our 
suppliers and the communities in which we operate. 
Nevertheless, it all starts with the more than 5,000 
employees, who are at the core of our operations. We 
believe that our success is built on their dedication, skills, 
experience, performance and overall wellbeing. As such, 
by providing an environment in which all employees are 
treated fairly and with respect, we aim to be an employer of 
choice that attracts the most talented employees, to have a 
diverse workforce that represents the diversity of our local 
communities and to provide training and development 
opportunities to enable staff to achieve their potential.
To show our commitment in this regard, we foster an 
organizational culture that builds on employee constant 
development while emphasizing our rich background in 
the oil & gas industry and our extensive know-how, maturity 
and learning agility.
KMG International’s Anti- Bribery 
and Anti- Corruption Policy is 
communicated and applicable to all 
Group entities, employees, business 
units and collaborators. Training on 
anti-corruption issues is delivered to 
all employees (including governance 
body members) and all entities 
(regions) on a regular basis.
All employees and collaborators are 
encouraged to raise any concerns 
to Compliance Department and/or 
Forensics & Security Department, 
about any suspicions of bribery 
or corruption whilst guaranteeing 
confidentiality of these information. 
KMG International Codes of Business 
Conduct and Ethics aim to promote 
ethical values and principles within KMG 
International and its affiliated companies 
in order to support and protect the 
Group’s reputation. For our employees, it 
is a prerequisite to be signatories of the 
Group’s Code pf Ethics and trainings on 
this matter are provided annually.
Moreover, we encourage our employees 
and collaborators to report to the 
Compliance Department any breaches 
of KMG International’s Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics, whether these are 
related  to them, their direct reports, line 
managers or others. 
Anti-Bribery and 
Anti-Corruption
Business Ethics 
and Compliance
In all our operations, we apply fair labor practices and abide by all applicable 
workplace, employment, privacy and human rights legislation including 
support of the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.

Page 63:
59
Black-tailed godwit
Limosa limosa

Page 64:
60
Concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior 
and matters related to integrity are also reported 
directly to our Compliance Department. In this 
regard, trainings are performed on a regular basis 
on the matters to be reported and how to access 
the reporting mechanism. More specifically, as 
part of the induction process, KMG International’s 
Compliance department provides extensive 
training on the Group’s ethical principles: Equal 
Chances, Competition Compliance Highlights, 
Managing Conflicts of Interest, Gifts, Insider 
Training, Using Confidential Information, Social 
Media, Channels to be used to report misconduct.
At the Group’s headquarters, 5 induction sessions 
were organized for employees in 2018, cumulating 
296 hours of trainings for 74 employees.
Furthermore, KMG International’s Supplier Code 
of Conduct has been developed for the purpose 
of ensuring that KMG International and all its 
subsidiaries suppliers are in full compliance with 
all applicable national and international laws 
and regulations pertaining to human rights, safe 
working conditions, promoting fair employment 
conditions, responsible management of 
environmental issues and high ethical standards.
Our Company requires that all suppliers and their 
subcontractors with no exception comply with the 
Supplier Code of Conduct in order to carry out 
any business dealings. 
At KMG International, we fully acknowledge our employees’ legal right to form trade unions and 
join other third-party organizations without fear of coercion. During our 2018 operations we did 
not identify any operations or suppliers in which the right to exercise freedom of association and 
collective bargaining was violated or at significant risk. 
KMG International did not resort to and does 
not condone the use of forced or compulsory 
labor within our company. We also enforce this 
standard on all of our prequalified suppliers.
KMG International respects all minimum age 
laws in countries where it operates. KMGI 
has never and will never resort in any way to 
hiring children or putting them in working 
relations with our Group.
The overall responsibility for seeking advice 
mechanism is assigned to HR, Compliance 
and Internal Control Forensics and Security 
Departments.  Employees are informed 
about the mechanisms for seeking advice 
through internal communication tools: 
E-mail, Intranet, Internal Magazine.
These mechanisms include line manager 
direct reporting, HR hotline, Compliance 
Department advice for ethics, topics 
pertaining to conflicts of interests. The  
advice is treated in a confidential manner.
The whistleblower mechanism is managed 
by the Internal Control, Forensics and 
Security Department. An external email is 
Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining
Forced/Compulsory LaborChild Labor
Advice and Grievance Mechanisms
used by employees and business partners to 
report concerns about unethical or unlawful 
behavior and matters related to integrity, in a 
strictly confidential manner. The identity of the 
sender remains anonymous (if our employees 
wish to keep their identity confidential) and the 
e-mail address is accessed only by the Internal 
Control, Forensics & Security Department. This 
mechanism is regulated by internal policies and 
contains non-retaliation provisions. Trainings 
on accessing the mechanism and reporting 
have been provided to all employees in the 
company. Valid or proofed concerns are 
subject to a review of the Ethics Commission, 
which analyses the matters and may take 
corrective action, if necessary. 

Page 65:
61
White storks
Ciconia ciconia

Page 66:
62
Workforce 
Structure and 
Evolution
As of December 2018, our total headcount 
reached 5,619, with the majority of KMG 
International employees being located 
in Romania (66%), the largest base of 
operations for the Group. 
In terms of workforce evolution, while a 
slight decrease in total headcount was 
noticeable in 2017 compared to the 
previous year, due to the switch from 
company-owned to dealer owned and 
operated gas stations), KMG International’s 
workforce showed stability in 2018, more 
significant changes being recorded only in 
the Republic of Moldova and Kazakhstan, 
in line with the specific business directions 
of the respective KMGI entities.
All our employees have a labour contract 
and 99% of them have a full-time contract. 
Nevertheless, the Group offers the same 
benefits to its employees, regardless of 
their contract type, part-time of full-time. 
Employment 
Breakdown
With the exception of three countries in which 
KMG International has operations where there 
is no minimum wage established by national 
legislation (Georgia, Singapore, Switzerland), 
in 2018 there were employees earning 
minimum wage only in Moldova and Romania, 
in accordance with their experience and their 
specific line of operations, which mostly included 
activities pertaining to the fuel station networks in 
the two countries.
We employ a high number of locals in our 
international operations, including senior 
managers, Group CEOs, Chief Officers and Group 
Directors. By hiring locally, we demonstrate our 
long-standing policy to support the growth of 
our host communities and provide an inclusive 
environment and multiple opportunities for 
cultural and organizational exchanges. For 
example, in Romania, there is a balanced mix of 
nationalities in senior management, with 40% 
national representatives, alongside 40% Kazakh 
and 20% Moldavan nationals.
HEADCOUNT 2015 2016 2017 2018
Romania 5,035 4,293 3,724 3,727
Georgia 706 774 792 787
Moldova 604 708 790 941
France 367 - - -
Kazakhstan 200 328 196 33
Bulgaria 65 66 75 79
Libya 52 10 10 7
Spain 44 - - -
Switzerland 28 26 26 29
Ukraine 21 3 - -
Singapore 8 6 6 5
The Netherlands 6 6 6 6
Turkey 4 4 5 5
TOTAL 7,139 6,224 5,628 5,619
2018 MINIMUM  
WAGE BY LAW
IN LOCAL 
CURRENCY
IN USD 
EQUIVALENT
Bulgaria 510 BGN 309.09 USD
Georgia - -
Kazakhstan 28,284 KZT 81.04 USD
Moldova 2,610 MDL 157.51 USD
The Netherlands 1,594 EUR 1,849.04 USD
Romania 1,900 RON 487.18 USD
Singapore - -
Switzerland - -
Turkey 2,030 TRY 426.37 USD

Page 67:
63
As part of our belief system and organizational 
culture, we do not discriminate by gender, age, 
nationality or by any other factor that has no bearing 
on how employees can perform their job.
Not only is diversity reflected in the various 
nationalities of our employees, but also in 
gender and role assignment within the Group, 
at all levels of our operations. 
Our efforts towards fostering gender diversity and 
equal opportunity within the Group are relentless, with 
a stable percentage of female employees in 2018, 
namely 27.5% at Group level and over 30% female 
employees within the Group’s Romanian operations. 
While we are aware that there are still improvements 
to make, we strive to make the gap smaller every day, 
looking to encourage gender diversity and equal 
pay in our operations. In this regard, the evolution 
of the ratio of the base salary and remuneration of 
women to men has recorded an optimistic evolution 
in various of our regional operations, considering the 
absolute values of this indicator.
The percentage was calculated as ratio between 
average gross salary for women and average gross 
salary for men (negative values means average 
gross salary for women are below men’s average 
gross salary with % calculated). 
Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity
HEADCOUNT WOMEN MEN
Romania 1,223 2,504
Moldova 229 712
Georgia 31 756
Kazakhstan 16 17
Bulgaria 26 54
Switzerland 11 18
Singapore 5 -
Libya - 7
The Netherlands 1 5
Turkey - 5
TOTAL 1,542 4,077
NEW HIRES WOMEN MEN
Romania 154 216
Moldova 164 337
Georgia - 318
Kazakhstan 5 7
Bulgaria 7 12
Switzerland 3 2
Singapore - 1
TOTAL 333 893
However, the specificity of the operations 
should also be considered when analyzing 
these values. For example, in Georgia 
average gross salaries for women are 
higher due to the fact that the most part of 
employees are men hired in gas stations 
with minimum salaries while the fewer 
women are hired in office jobs with higher 
level of the required skills.
Nevertheless, we are making every effort to 
attract qualified female employees across 
all areas and functions of our business. This 
can be easily observed in the percentages 
of our female new hires which reached 27% 
in 2018, an increase by 2% compared to the 
previous year. 
Unlike 2017, when only in Kazakhstan 
and Romania female new hires exceeded 
the Group median, reaching 41% and 
35% respectively, 2018 saw an increase 
in several Group regions of operations, 
with the highest values being recorded by 
Switzerland – 60%, Kazakhstan and Romania, 
both at 42%, an outstanding increase for 
Kazakhstan compared to the previous year. 
Even though the most prominent Group 
activity in Bulgaria and the Republic of 
Moldavia was represented by the expansion 
of its retail network, usually resulting in male 
new hires, the regions added 37% and 33% 
of female new hires to their local talent pool.

Page 68:
64
In 2018, KMG International’s overall 
employee turnover was 1,213, lower by 
nearly 25% compared to the previous year, 
with the highest number of departures being 
recorded in the Republic of Moldova, with 
434 employees who left the Group. In total, 
920 male and 293 female employees left the 
group, 496 of which were in the “under 30” 
age category, followed by 488 in the 30-50 
bracket and 229 over 50.
The highest turnover rates were recorded in 
Libya – 57%, Georgia – 47% and the Republic 
of Moldova – 46%, while the highest volatility 
was recorded in the “under 30” age group, 
with the highest rates in Moldova and Georgia, 
namely 76% and 68%, respectively.
Turnover and 
Retention Rates
In terms of age diversity, a stable trend can be 
noticed in recent years, with 122 of our new hires, 
namely 10% of the total new hires over the age 
of 50 in 2018, close to the 11% registered the 
previous year. Similarly, 49% of new hires were 
employees under 30, compared to the 50% 
in 2017 and 41% were in the 30-50 years-old 
category, compared to 39% in 2017. 
The highest percentages of new hires were 
recorded in Switzerland, Kazakhstan and Georgia, 
with 100% in Switzerland and 75% in Kazakhstan, 
both percentages for the 30-50 years old category, 
alongside 67% new hired under 30 in Georgia.
NEW HIRES BY AGE <30 30-50 >50 2018
Romania 150 173 47 370
Georgia 213 82 23 318
Moldova 231 220 50 510
Kazakhstan 2 9 1 12
Bulgaria 6 12 1 19
Switzerland - 5 - 5
Singapore - 1 - 1
TOTAL 602 502 122 1,226
TURNOVER BY AGE <30 30-50 >50
Romania 18% 10% 9%
Georgia 68% 37% 32%
Moldova 76% 38% 17%
Kazakhstan - 22% -
Bulgaria 30% 9% 31%
Switzerland - 16% -
Singapore - 25% -
Libya - 57% -
DEPARTURES 2018
Romania 382
Georgia 371
Moldova 434
Kazakhstan 5
Bulgaria 12
Switzerland 4
Singapore 1
Libya 4
Turkey
TOTAL 1,213
TURNOVER WOMEN MEN TOTAL
Romania 13% 9% 10%
Georgia 3% 49% 47%
Moldova 16% 15% 46%
Kazakhstan 12% 18% 15%
Bulgaria 16% 15% 15%
Switzerland 9% 17% 14%
Singapore 20% - 20%
Libya - 57% 57%

Page 69:
65
At Group level, 144 employees were entitled to 
parental leave in 2018, of which 64 (55 women 
and 9 men) took the leave, a downward trend 
compared to the previous years: 66, in 2017, 
141 in 2016 and 93 in 2015. Another shift that 
can be noticed here is the slight increase in male 
employees taking parental leave as a result of 
changes in the specific legislation in various 
locations of operations.
PARENTAL LEAVE 
ENTITLED/TOOK
WOMEN MEN
Romania 38 35 57 4
Georgia 3 3 - -
Moldova 13 12 21 3
Kazakhstan 5 1 - -
Bulgaria 4 4 2 2
Switzerland - - 1 -
TOTAL 63 55 81 9
RETURNED FROM LEAVE WOMEN MEN
Romania 51 2
Georgia 2 -
Moldova 3 3
Kazakhstan - -
Bulgaria 1 2
Switzerland - -
TOTAL 56 7
STILL EMPLOYED  
1 YR. AFTER RETURN
WOMEN MEN
Romania 30 4
Georgia 2 -
Moldova 1 1
Kazakhstan - -
Bulgaria 1 -
Switzerland - -
Libya 1 -
TOTAL 35 5The total number of employees who returned to 
work after parental leave ended (in 2018) was 63, 
considering legal provisions which, depending 
of the country of operations, allow variations in 
parental leave, such is the case of Romania, for 
example, where employee can opt between a 
1-year and 2-year parental leave. 
The total number of employees who returned to 
work after parental leave ended and who were still 
employed 12 months after their return to work was 
40, of which 35 women and 5 men. 
While the return-to-work was 100% for the past 
consecutive years, namely 2018, 2017 and 2016,  
the overall retention rate of employees who 
took parental leave (calculated for 2018 taking 
into consideration the number of employees 
who worked more than 1 year after return to 
work) maintained itself at 29%, the same value 
recorded in 2017, with an average of 29% for 
female employees and 27% for male employees 
from the analyzed representative countries.

Page 70:
66
The health and safety of our employees are top 
priorities across all our operations. Whether if it is 
included in a formal agreement with the trade unions 
in a specific region or part of our internal regulations, 
the “safety first” culture is at the core of every decision 
we take. Where we have formal agreements with 
trade unions, several health and safety topics are 
covered to underline their critical importance.
KMG International recognizes and accepts the 
moral responsibilities regarding the promotion and 
protection of the Health, Safety and Well Being of 
everyone involved in our activities. In order to ensure 
the principles and responsibilities of Quality, Health, 
Safety and Environmental (QHSE) management is 
clearly understood through all levels of each KMG 
International entity organization. Furthermore, 
employees are responsible for active participation in 
the development of the QHSE management system 
and the promotion of a positive QHSE culture within 
each KMG International entity organization.
Management is responsible for effectively 
communicating their commitment to QHSE issues 
and encouraging employee participation in the 
QHSE management system. It is the responsibility 
of all employees to communicate QHSE concerns, 
hazards, issues and reward positive QHSE behavior.
Effective communication ensures that all 
the KMG International QHSE objectives and 
policies are clearly understood by all KMG 
International entities employees, that action 
plans, standards, procedures and systems 
are implemented, and that performance is 
monitored, and feedback is provided. 
The most senior manager in an operational 
area is responsible for planning, 
conductions and ensuring minutes of 
management Review Meetings which are 
held twice annually at a minimum.
Additionally, in accordance with law no. 
319/2006, health & safety committees are 
active throughout the Group’s operations 
and business units, being comprised 
of management representatives, labor 
administration and employees, as well 
as union reps, looking to ensure full 
compliance with the applicable legislation, 
as well as to incorporate everyone’s 
opinions on how KMG International can 
continue to improve health and safety. 
Committees meet regularly and minutes 
from each meeting are recorded and kept 
for future reference. 
Refining Committee
General Director (President of CSSM)
HS Coordinator (Secretary of CSSM)
Employee management representatives  
with responsibilities for safety and health at work 
(Refinery Plant Director, Petrochemical Plant 
Director, Utilities Plant Director, Plant Inspection 
Director; QHSE Manager, HR Manager)
7 employees with specific responsibilities  
in the field of security and health
Doctor of Medicine
Trading Committee
General Director (President of CSSM)
QHSE Manager (Secretary of CSSM)
Employee management representatives  
with responsibilities for safety and health at work 
(Logistics Manager, Offshore Manager,  
HR Manager)
7 employees with specific responsibilities  
in the field of security and health
Doctor of Medicine
Occupational 
Health and Safety
Given the prominence of refining and trading 
activities in the Group, the most comprehensive 
committees are reflective of this aspect:

Page 71:
67
Also, both Retail and Upstream sectors have health and 
safety committees composed of representatives from labor 
administration and employee unions.
As a result of the implementation of constantly updated and 
high-standard safety measures, there were no fatal incidents 
recorded in 2018. 
Moreover, the employee absenteeism rate started seeing 
a decreasing trend in 2018, being addressed by constantly 
promoting health and employee well-being by improving 
medical care subscriptions and access to investigations to 
prevent health problems. While most cases can be attributed to 
employee medical leave, which recorded slightly higher rates 
in women compared to men, the indicator is also reflective of 
workforce ageing and the factors associated with the process.
ABSENTEISM RATE WOMEN MEN 2018
Romania 2.84% 1.97% 2.26%
Near abroad 2.90% 1.10% 1.40%
Group 1.63% 2.85% 1.97%
ABSENTEISM RATE 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Group 2.43% 3.10% 2.41% 2.54% 1.97%
HSE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS UNIT 2018
FTL Fatalities cases 0
FIR Fatal Incident Rate % 0.00
LTI Lost Time Injury cases 2
LTIFR Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate % 0.15
TRI Total Recordable Injuries cases 2
TRIFR Total Recordable Injuries Frequency Rate % 0.15
DAFWC Days Away From Work Case cases 2
FR Frequency Rate % 0.15
RWDC Restricted Work Days Case cases 0
MTC Medical Treatment Case cases 0
FAC First Aid Case cases 6
SR Severity Rate % 0.15
MVC-L Motor Vehicle Accident - Light cases 11
MVC-S Motor Vehicle Accident - Serious cases 3
MVC-M Motor Vehicle Accident - Major cases 0
MVC-C Motor Vehicle Accident - Catastrophic cases 0
MVAT Motor Vehicle Accident Total cases 14
MVCR Motor Vehicle Accident Rate % 0.10
DT Distance Travelled (by company cars) km 16,271,848
WH Worked Hours hours 13,112,733
Aside for the safety procedures and processes carried out by 
KMG International at all Group levels and in all its Business 
Units, the Group places high focus on health and safety 
training, with nearly 30,000 training hours of QHSE training 
in 2018 alone. Furthermore, defensive driving training 
continued to be provided to KMG International employees  
in order to reduce the number of motor vehicle crashes.

Page 72:
68
‘Life’ also continued to be woven into day-to-day business activities 
in an effort to build a culture of safety for all employees, contractors 
and subcontractors. Moreover, given the high risks entailed by 
our refining activity, a special training program addressing issuers 
of working permits was conducted in 2018, in order to provide 
Safety Projects
seamless implementation of control over work permits 
risks. Dedicated training was performed by Group 
specialists for own rescuers, in order to be prepared 
for any emergency situation and several Group 
employees took part in CPR and first aid training.
BETTER THAN 
PREVIOUS MONTH
WORSE THAN 
PREVIOUS MONTH
NOT APPLICABLE
DIVISION ENTITY HOC ISSUED HOC CLOSED TRAINING HOURS FIRE/EMERG. DRILLS AUDITS/CHECKS
Trading & Supply Chain KMG Trading (fmr. Vector Energy) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Rompetrol Turkey N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Midia Marine Terminal 142 133 1,588 37 126
Byron Shipping 3 3 38 0 1
Retail & Marketing Rompetrol Downstream (Romania) 120 97 8,740 384 1,921
Rompetrol Gas (Romania) 34 32 394 50 6
Rompetrol Bulgaria 5 7 5 58 49
Rompetrol Georgia 189 61 895 3 137
Rompetrol Moldova 232 225 3,850 736 162
Production Petromidia Refinery 2,214 1,754 1,044 57 2,804
Vega Refinery 590 586 391 25 439
Upstream Rompetrol Well Services 3,273 3,273 672 24 34
Oilfield Exploration Business Solutions 0 0 48 0 0
Industrial Services Rominserv 1,566 1,550 1,658 4 1,963
Rominserv IAIFO Zalău 67 65 471 1 314
Palplast 32 32 314 11 57
Non-Core KMG Rompetrol 0 0 2,731 1 0
GSS 0 0 4,372 131 10
Rompetrol Quality Control 140 140 886 31 217
KMG International (total) Total year to date 8,607 7,958 28,097 1,553 8,240

Page 73:
69
Greylag goose
Anser anser

Page 74:
70
Skill 
Management 
and Lifelong 
Learning
The “Dealers’ Development Program” 
was developed to further strengthen 
the partnership between the Group and 
Dealers, in order to support the latter in 
ensuring a high-quality standard within 
all the gas stations network.
The program was designed as a 
continuous learning process, consisting 
of dedicated training sessions and tools 
enabling our Dealers to further drive 
performance and manage their business 
effectively in the areas of Sales, Finance 
and People Management.
In 2018, the focus within all the Group’s 
entities was to improve the work 
environment, communication and inter-
personal relations by helping people 
develop their potential through learning, 
coaching and behavioural change, personal 
and team transformation and collaboration 
in a cost-conscious environment. 
Yearly, all the Group’s managers 
undergo courses on management skills 
and leadership competencies, and the 
2018 management curricula included 
Management Skills addressed to all middle 
managers within the Group. The main 
development focus was on developing 
strategic thinking and managerial skills by 
setting effective objectives to guide their 
teams and the organization forward.
Another essential growth factor that we 
developed was Innovation, by creating 
a central innovation team inside the 
company, formed by people from different 
areas of expertise with the main role of 
generating new ideas covering various 
business needs and ensuring everyone 
in the business is working towards better 
business practices, and improving business 
efficiency and performance.
• Keep key information & skills within the 
organization through knowledge transfer 
from future Retirees to nominated Disciples;
• Ensure a smooth generation exchange;
• Extend knowledge and expertise area of 
employees and prepare them for taking  
on new roles;
• Facilitate knowledge and  
technical skills transfer.
• Knowledge sharing through job shadowing;
• Increase employees’ flexibility and readiness 
to switch to a new role;
• Develop the technical skills of employees 
with operational roles and improve their 
operating efficiency.
• Develop new skills and capabilities;
• Expand and deepen existing skills and 
competencies of the employees;
• Training curriculum for specific jobs.
Dealers’ Development 
Program (Romania -  
Retail Business Unit)
Management and  
Leadership Skills
Knowledge Transfer In 
Refining Business Unit
Cross-T raining Inside the 
Refining Business Unit
Employee development 
initiatives

Page 75:
71
The program was developed and 
implemented starting 2018 as a learning 
session facilitated by the Group’s 
Planning and Optimization Director 
and offers useful information about 
our refinery to help better understand 
the processes through which KMG 
International is producing its high-
quality fuel under the Rompetrol band as 
well as the economics and operational 
aspects that make Petromidia one of the 
most profitable refineries in the region. 
Through this program, our employees 
can better understand the industry they 
are working in, the Group’s challenges 
throughout its history and the factors that 
bring added value to our products and 
business results.
We believe it is our corporate responsibility to 
ensure that our employees have a clear vision 
of where they want their career to advance  
and how they can get there. To facilitate this 
objective, each of our employees participate 
in an annual performance review. This is their 
opportunity to share their goals and desires 
with their leaders, but also hear constructive 
feedback on how they can improve and reach 
their goals. 
In 2018, nearly 100% of our employees 
participated in this annual review. All 
locations, all genders and all levels of 
management have this opportunity and we 
look forward to continuing this in the future. 
Following performance assessment, based on 
employees’ development needs, customized 
“Refinery 
Fundamentals“
Trainings and 
Assessments
AVERAGE NUMBER OF TRAINING HOURS ROMANIA BULGARIA OTHER GROUP
Overall employee average 6.84 7.90 6.15 4.31
Female employee average 6.49 6.32 0.93 7.15
Male employee average 6.98 9.02 8.66 3.73
Manager average 12.47 12.30 10.60 9.66
Execution level employee average 6.37 7.66 5.45 4.03
development programs are designed and 
implemented. During 2018, our development 
programs covered both professional and 
personal development, such as leadership, 
communication, potential discovery etc.
Within the Group’s 2-year talent development 
cycle, our ~120 employees had the opportunity 
to attend specific development programs 
adapted to their position level and talent 
pool segmentation category. The programs 
addressed topics such as: Innovation, Business 
Communication, Business Ethics, Strategic 
Management, Stakeholder Management.
The programs were delivered with the Group’s 
learning partners and customized for the 
specific needs and contexts of every participant.

Page 76:
72
Economic 
Performance and 
Market Presence
At KMG International, we are constantly working to 
provide the best compensation and benefits because 
for us motivated and engaged employees are the key 
drivers of individual and company performance. 
The Appointment and Remuneration Committee 
established by the Board of Managing Directors at 
the level of KMG International N.V. is responsible 
for advising the Board and the General Meeting (i.e. 
Sole Shareholders) in matters related to remuneration 
policy, terms of employment, total compensation, and 
performance criteria for top management. They are 
also responsible for the creation and implementation 
of any compensation plans, and the monitoring and 
assistance in the implementation of remuneration 
policies and plans at the Group level. The decision-
making powers of any remuneration policies and plans 
applicable at Group level would rest upon the KMG 
International N.V. Board of Managing Directors.
Remuneration, 
Compensation 
and Benefits
Our current pay policy intends to set a comprehensive framework for establishing and 
adjusting the compensation elements and to provide the line management with a useful 
tool to ensure its consistent implementation (in terms of pay movements and related 
decisions), while maintaining internal equity and external competitiveness. In order to 
ensure market competitiveness, an external benchmarking is carried out in order to 
understand changes in the market compared to the previous year (annual salary surveys 
rolled out with leading consulting companies). 
Across all locations within our company, our goal is to provide our team with one of the 
most competitive compensation and benefits packages in the markets where we operate. 
Our global pay positioning is at or above the market median. Our pay packages are 
generally composed of base salary and variable pay and are linked to employee’s and 
management’s performance and business results.
Complementing the base pay, variable pay bonuses are structured in a variety of 
ways and may take the form of performance bonuses, bonus schemes for production, 
operational, sales and projects jobs, and also bonuses stipulated in the Collective Labor 
Agreements (profit sharing, overtime allowance and/or night shift allowance).
In addition to compensation, we believe a highly competitive benefits package is just as 
valuable for our employees. Providing a comprehensive benefits package is another way 
to thank our employees for all their hard work and contributions. As part of their benefits 
package, and depending on their individual situation, each employee may have access to 
several financial and non-financial benefits:
 º Days off paid by the company, in addition to annual bank holidays calendar
 º Short Friday schedule
 º Paid time off 
 º Significant life events support and allowances (marriage, child birth, illness, bereavement) 
 º Relocation assistance and allowances
 º Kindergarten allowances 
 º Pregnancy and postpartum support and allowances

Page 77:
73
KMG International is one of the greatest players in the regional oil 
& gas market, with significant investments and contributions to the 
local state budget. The Group’s contribution to the Romanian budget 
since its acquisition by KazMunayGas NC in 2007 and until now has 
exceeded USD 15.8 billion. 
In 2018, the percentage of employees covered by collective 
bargaining agreements was 66.01% at Group level, with a percentage 
of 44.65% of unionized employees out of the total Group headcount. 
In Romania, 99.55 employees are covered by collective bargaining 
agreements, with 2,509 employees from the Group’s local operations 
included into 6 trade unions. 
In each region where we have operations the notice period typically 
provided to employees and their elected representatives to the 
implementation of significant operational changes that could 
substantially affect them is as per the local legislation. In most of 
the regions, the notice period is 4 weeks. Where we have collective 
bargaining agreements, the notice period is mentioned as the 
minimum period regulated by local legislation.
Employer Contribution  
and Market Presence
 º Medical care support
 º Rest and relaxation allowances/tickets
 º Retirement planning and management services and allowances
 º Health, life, illness and disability insurance 
 º Humanitarian aid - for significant damages further to calamities
 º Transportation and commuting reimbursement
 º Gifts for employees’ children on Christmas and International Children’s Day 
 º Discounts for company products or other third-party suppliers.
Furthermore, we have also developed the Well Station global platform, 
designed to integrate all our initiatives on the well-being area. Inspired 
by the company’s profile, the gas stations being one of the most known 
symbols, Well Station is a program to inspire energy, a pit stop for all 
employees to refill with well-being, mindfulness & good information 
about health, a source of fuel for a better life. Well Station consists of three 
pillars: 1) Emotional and social well-being, 2) Physical well-being and 3) 
Financial well-being. Under the three pillars, we mapped and implemented 
throughout 2018 programs such as: family and care events, stress 
management and mindfulness, hobbies and cultures, themed workshops, 
health education and prevention, nutrition and hydration, financial coaching 
and education, financial contribution for extraordinary life circumstances.
CONTRIBUTIONS 2015 2016 2017 2018
Employer’s Social Contributions
(unemployment fund, labor accidents fund, disability fund, salaries guarantee fund)
11,514,719 USD 12,505,210 USD 13,638,750 USD 5,125,868 USD
Employer’s Health Insurance Contributions
(accidents fund, medical insurance fund)
5,915,576 USD 5,063,311 USD 4,943,964 USD 1,445,134 USD
Employer’s Total Social Constributions 17,430,294 USD 17,568,520 USD 18,582,714 USD 6,571,003 USD

Page 79:
Petromidia 
Refinery
Lake Tașaul
Lake  
Corbu
Midia Port
Black Sea
Marine 
Terminal
A partially migratory but usually sedentary species, it lives 
near slow rivers or still waters rich in fish on which it feeds.
It nests by burrowing into steep muddy or clay cliffs 
clear of vegetation. Its galleries can span up to 90 cm. 
Sometimes the nest can be located hundreds of meters 
from any water source, as long as there is a cliff. They 
can travel extensively for food, especially in winter, when 
shallow waters freeze over.
Its double name comes from the Greek myth of Alcyone 
and Atthis, one of Sappho’s lovers from Lesbos.
Eurasian 
kingfisher
Alcedo atthis

Page 80:
76
Our daily activities and operations draw 
inspiration from both the versatility and 
resilience of the natural environment 
around Petromidia. Our refinery is located 
in the near proximity of the Danube Delta 
Biosphere Reserve, the second largest 
and best preserved of Europe’s deltas.
With 2,200 square miles of rivers, canals, marshes, tree-fringed 
lakes and reed islands, the Danube Delta is a wildlife enthusiast’s 
paradise and home of our Group’s most prized asset.
Around 300 species of birds make the Danube’s Delta their 
home, while there is also a rich variety of fishes and other 
animals. Altogether, 3,450 animal species can be encountered 
in the region, as well as 1,700 plant species, as the Danube Delta 
Biosphere Reserve has the third largest biodiversity in the world, 
exceeded only by the Great Barrier Reef in Australia and the 
Galapagos Archipelago in Ecuador.
We constantly seek to understand and respond to any potential 
impacts our activities may have on biodiversity or ecosystem 
services and we work hard to make sure our impact on the 
surrounding environment is minimal. 
Bearded reedling
Panurus biarmicus
Therefore, it is easy to see how these local natural assets and 
their specificity are reflected into the various pillars of our 
sustainability policy, as we are committed to sustain a delicate 
balance with the environment and to preserve both the wildlife 
and landscape of our communities. We strive to mimic nature’s 
champions, seeking qualities that we can encourage in our 
business, learning how to care for our employees and how to 
nurture their development. Just as nothing can survive alone 
in nature, we are steadfast in our commitment to foster the 
sustainable growth of our communities.
Their presence is a natural marker of our environmental 
protection efforts. We are inspired by these majestic creatures 
whose beauty, fierceness and intelligence strongly resonate with 
the values behind our main corporate responsibility program 
and inspire us in our internal projects.
Overview

Page 81:
77
Buff-tailed bumblebee
Bombus terrestris

Page 82:
78
We have a holistic approach to 
sustainability, which is why our 
efforts to improve the life of 
local communities address all 
aspects of human life, beyond 
environmental stewardship or 
social inclusion and spanning 
to health and well-being, 
culture and education or skill 
development and leadership. 
Our CSR 
Projects
TREE PLANTING
Over 300 colleagues from Petromidia 
Refinery were engaged in a tree planting 
action in Navodari, in the proximity of the 
refining platform.  The activity, which saw the 
planting of over 1,000 plane trees, was part 
of an extensive project aimed at contributing 
to the expansion of green areas in order to 
improve the quality of air, especially in the 
local communities where we have operations.
ENCOURAGING CUSTOMER  
E-VOICE ADOPTION
Rompetrol Downstream, the company 
operating the fuel distribution stations 
of KMG International, ran a campaign 
encouraging its customers to use electronic 
invoices instead of the printed versions. 
The campaign was carried out under the 
slogan “The chainsaw sound is scary, just 
like deforestation”, and aimed at informing 
customers on the importance of environment 
preservation and reduce billing with 120,000 
invoices annually. 
This approach is part of our sustainable 
development strategy, which includes 
Environmental 
Stewardship
projects implemented by the gas stations 
network – electric power stations for EVs 
and hybrid vehicles, solar panels, LED 
bulbs only, etc.; and initiatives addressed 
to our clients to inform them and create 
responsibility around consumption. 
SUPPORT FOR CHITUC  
RINGING CAMP
KMG International supported the fifth 
edition of the Chituc Ringing Camp, a 
project organized in the protected area of 
the Danube Delta Biosphere Reserve with 
the purpose of identifying, monitoring, 
researching and protecting the unique 
migratory birds crossing Romania and 
nesting there during summer. 
Carried out by Milvus Group, a bird and 
nature protection association, the ringing 
camp was developed to protect the 
avifaunal population of Chituc Sandbank. 
During the 3 months of activity, from July 
to November, 10,292 specimens of 66 
species were ringed (1,286 on average 
per week). Among the species with the 
highest numbers of ringed specimens 
registered were the sedge warbler  

Page 83:
79
(2,441 specimens), the paddyfield warbler (1,969 
specimens) and the reed warbler (1,954 specimens). Bird 
ringing is the oldest and most popular research method of 
migratory birds, research which allows gathering relevant 
demographic information. 
Part of the educational component of the project, KMG 
International also organized a birdwatching camp at 
Vadu dedicated to children. Children took part in a series 
of activities carried out by the Milvus specialized staff, 
including the observation and ringing of bird species 
present at Vadu.
Environmental protection is one of the sustainable development 
objectives that we are committed to supporting through our projects. 
We operate the most modern refinery in Romania at the Black 
Sea, in the vicinity of Siutghiol Lake and the Danube Delta, and our 
concern for the environment is expressed not only by technological 
investments meant to reduce emissions and water consumption on 
the Petromidia platform, but also through initiatives for community 
development and protection, as is the project  
developed through the partnership  
with Milvus Group.


Page 84:
80
SMURD & ISU CONTINUED PARTNERSHIP
We continued to offer our support to the 
Romanian healthcare system throughout 
2018, by consolidating the long-standing 
partnership with the Mobile Emergency 
Service for Resuscitation and Extrication 
(SMURD) & the Inspectorate for Emergency 
Situations (ISU). 
As the needs of the public healthcare 
system are steadily increasing, we believe 
it is our social duty to contribute to the 
country’s development and to invest in 
the healthcare sector. This initiative comes 
as a follow-up to the commitment we 
made in 2009, when we started both the 
collaboration with SMURD and a grants 
program for the medical sector. 
Throughout the 11 years of partnership, 
KMG International has invested more than 
USD 5 million in aero-medical helicopters, 
uniforms for volunteers, medical 
equipment, rehabilitation and equipment 
supply for various medical facilities, so that 
members of the communities where the 
Group operates in to benefit from quality 
medical services.
• Two mobile training centers donated 
to the Mobile Emergency Service for 
Resuscitation and Extrication (SMURD) 
used to carry out training, extrication 
and emergency medical assistance 
programs for SMURD paramedics. 
The mobile training centers were 
presented for the first time, before 
their formal entry into service, to the 
7th and 8th grade students in Blejoi, 
Prahova. 120 school students received 
a first-aid course offered by SMURD 
trainers at the inauguration.
Health and Well-being
• Endowment of the Regional 
Transfusion Center in Constanța 
with new equipment which has 
increased the technical capacity 
of the medical facility: a platelet 
agitator used in thrombocytes’ 
storage and a hemo-mixer, 
mandatory equipment for a 
transfusion center, meant to 
ensure compliance of blood 
transfusion activities carried out 
by the center and preservation 
of blood components.
2018 highlights:


Page 85:
81
ROMPETROL RUN & CARE
KMG International employees participated in the fifth edition of 
the Rompetrol Run and Care charitable cross, which took place 
in June, in Carol Park, Bucharest. More than 300 employees 
from different Group companies ran alongside families and 
business partners on distances of 5, 10 and 15 km, while the 
company donated 5 USD per kilometer to support the causes of 
the Edulier Association.
Our employees are involved in volunteering activities carried out 
by the Group’s companies every year, programs launched by 
the company (blood donation, toys and books collection etc.) or 
individual charitable projects. 
All funds raised at the 2018 edition of the Rompetrol Run & 
Care charitable cross were allocated to support the education 
of children with limited financial resources, as well as those with 
dyslexia, dyscalculia and dysgraphia. The Edulier Association 
provides 30 children aged 7-12 various learning programs and 
animal-assisted therapy, digital learning, music and art inspired 
therapy free of charge. Edulier also develops educational 
programs at national level, for the direct benefit of over 1,000 
children annually.
Rompetrol Run and Care is part of the Group’s approach to 
encourage a healthy lifestyle and a strong volunteering spirit 
among its employees. Throughout the years, more than 3,000 
colleagues, half of the Groups’ headcount, donated time 
and effort to support various social, environmental, health 
Social Support and Relief
and educational initiatives for the benefit of the community, such 
as M.A.M.E. Association, Hospice Casa Speranței, “Association for 
Dravet and other Rare Epilepsies” or MagiCamp, NGOs that improve 
the quality of life for children and adults with severe diseases.
CIVIL SOCIETY GALA
During our 16-year partnership, the Civil Society Gala and KMG 
International have supported the implementation of projects that 
changed lives, mentalities, expectations and attitudes, improving 
the overall well-being of countless local communities. 
The 2018 edition of the Civil Society Gala celebrated “The Unknown 
Queen of the Civil Society “. Under the umbrella of the Romanian 
Great Union’s Centenary, a series of today’s feminine personalities 
were celebrated, as well as their work in NGOs and charitable 
foundations. The winner of the 2018 edition was “Daruieste Viata” 
Association for its project dedicated to building the first Pediatric 
Oncology and Radiotherapy Hospital in Romania. 189 projects 
related to healthcare, education, human rights, economic & social 
development were included in the 2018 edition. 
GTC MOTORSPORT
KMG International supported the GTC Motorsport Christmas 
Humanitarian Caravan, which traveled through isolated villages 
in Buzau in December 2018 to distribute Christmas gifts to 450 
elderly and vulnerable children. Moreover, Rompetrol gas cylinders 
were donated to several people with low, isolated or no electricity 
capacities in the Nehoiu and Bozioru/Brătileşti valleys, in order to get 
them through the winter more easily.

Page 86:
82
SUPER DONORS
Hospice Casa Speranței, in partnership with KMG International, 
launched Super Donors  (www.superdonatori.ro), a charity shop 
and fundraising platform meant to support the free services 
provided to patients affected by life-threatening diseases 
which are cared for in Hospice centers. Social support and 
healthcare represent two of our major community involvement 
pillars and our employees have always played an important role in 
deciding social issues to be addressed by the company. In 2018, 
we have started a large internal campaign in our Bucharest HQ 
through which KMG International employees were able to join the 
Super Donors program and donate objects for the online charity 
shop. They were able to significantly contribute to the fundraising 
activities of Hospice Casa Speranței and support the NGOs activity.


Page 87:
83
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM
Internship programs are part of our strategy to invest in human 
resources by combining practical work with learning experience and 
create the context to develop the skills of students and fresh graduates 
and identify the best candidates for employment.
The 2018 Internship Program included:
• Mentoring program for a successful integration of the interns and 
for the knowledge transfer to be acquired;
• Various workshops and courses for student professional 
development (soft and hard skills);
• Several fun activities to strengthen the work relationships between 
the senior and young generations.
Education and  
Skill Development
SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM
In the context of the Romanian Union Centenary, KMG 
International developed a scholarship program, as a 
celebration of our commitment to invest in quality education 
and in the future generations of professionals. 
The scholarships, amounting to a total value of USD 100,000, 
were granted through a rigorous selection process: 53 were 
awarded to students from the company’s apprenticeship 
program, based on their performance evaluation, while the 
remaining 47 were allocated through the grant call to high 
school and university students. The jury included business and 
HR representatives, as well as university professors from the 
Petroleum-Gas University of Ploiești and Ovidius University of 
Constanța, with extensive expertise in the energy sector.
The eligibility criteria included an average academic score 
above 8, involvement in extra-curricular or volunteering 
activities, strong desire to build a career in the energy sector 
while the targeted profiles included chemistry, mechanical 
engineering, petroleum and gas engineering, economics etc. 
This program is part of the Group’s strategy to foster 
performance and quality education in Romania by rewarding 
high-achieving students who plan to develop a career in the 
energy sector. We will continue to support the development 
of the next generation of Oil & Gas specialists by awarding 
scholarships to students with excellent results and a passion 
for the energy sector.
General numbers  
for refineries  
(2-month internship):
141 students enrolled
126 graduated
48 won $1,000 scholarship
25 are already hired (20%)
General numbers  
for headquarters  
(3-month internship):
17 students enrolled
16 graduated
5 won $1,000 scholarship
5 are already hired (29%)

Page 88:
84
• Partnered with several high-schools 
and universities to provide support in 
guiding and preparing students for 
the competitive labor market; 
• Acted as compulsory practice 
partner for several high-schools 
and universities (over 150 students 
completed the compulsory practice 
objectives in our refineries in 2018);
• Organized a full-experience tour 
(offshore, refinery tour, gas station 
visits) for 30 future engineers from 
the Polytechnical University in 
Bucharest to provide them with the 
opportunity to better understand 
the industry; 
• Sponsored career conferences and 
workshops organized by student 
organizations to support their 
projects addressed to students;
Recent highlights:
Culture  
and Sports
ASTANA CITY FESTIVAL
KMG International supported the Astana 
City Festival at the end of June, which 
took place at the Dimitrie Gusti Village 
Museum and brought to the public a 
unique photo exhibition, a traditional 
yurt. This photographic project was a 
continuation of the cultural partnership 
between Romania and Kazakhstan, 
which KMG International has supported 
through innovative projects over the past 
year, such as the Kazakh Film Festival.
”GEORGE ENESCU”  
INTERNATIONAL CONTEST
KMG International, under the 
“Rompetrol” brand, has been the 
main partner of the “George Enescu” 
International Festival & Contest, key 
cultural events in the region, which 
promote classical music and Romanian 
cultural values.
In 2018, the G. Enescu International 
Contest gathered 270 young talents 
from 39 countries across the world in 
one of the most anticipated cultural 
events that celebrates classical music, on 
the stage of the Romanian Athenaeum. 
OTHER PROJECTS
KMG International has been actively involved in developing students’ skills and 
competencies. We have a tradition of over 18 years in running internship programs, 
involving over 1,300 high-school and university students in all our main locations in 
Romania. Starting with 2018, we have increased the number of the impacted students by 
also including secondary school students in our initiatives, with the aim to increase their 
technical understanding and to guide them to choose the career path suitable to them.
• Facilitated meetings and discussions 
between students and our experts to 
meet the questions and curiosities of 
the students;
• Organized “ Make yourself employable” 
workshops in high schools and 
universities to prepare the young 
generation for a future career; 
• Facilitated, organized and sponsored 
a student exchange program 
between two technological high 
schools from Ploiesti & Navodari to 
stimulate collaboration between both 
students and teachers; 
• Organized “Open doors” events and 
technical visits within the refineries for 
hundreds of 8th grade to graduate 
and post-graduate students;
• Sponsored school competitions to 
stimulate student involvement.

Page 89:
85
The 16th edition of the competition took place throughout 
September 2018, while the opening concert – held on the 1st  
of September was supported by KMG International. 
Since 2010, our company has been a solid partner for the 
George Enescu International Festival and Competition, as we are 
committed to support culture and artists all around the world. 
Erzhan Kulibaev, Kazakh violinist and laureate of the George 
Enescu International Competition, performed in a recital with 
pianist Daniel del Pino. During his stay in Romania, he held two 
masterclasses at the National Art College “Regina Maria” in 
Constanța and the National College of Music “George Enescu”, 
with the support of KMG International.
THE BOOK OF WORDS BY ABAY KUNANBAEV
KMG International also supported the release of “The Book of 
Words” by Abay Kunanbayev, the first Romanian translation 
of the author. The Book of Words is one of the representative 
literature pieces of Kazakhstan’s culture. The release marked 
Romania’s 100-year anniversary, as well as the 27 years of 
independence of Kazakhstan, an acknowledgement of the 
shared cultural bond and values.
SUPPORT FOR THE WEIGHTLIFTING FEDERATIONS 
KMG International continued its support for Weightlifting 
Federation throughout 2018. We continued our commitment 
by encouraging performance in sport, which stems from the 
Group’s belief in the close connection between business and 
sports, given the dedication and hard work required for  
success in both of the two fields.
KAZAKH FILM FESTIVAL
The fourth edition of the Kazakh Film Festival brought three 
cinema masterpieces depicting Kazakh culture and history 
to the Romanian cinephile public. The event, organized by 
the Embassy of the Republic of Kazakhstan in Romania, in 
collaboration with KMG International, took place at Cinema 
Elvire Popesco between December 11-12.
The three films with deep Kazakh roots presented during the 
Festival depicted values who are universal, no matter the cultural 
background, thus supporting our efforts to contribute to the 
development of the Romanian- Kazakhstan cultural partnership 
and develop relevant educational projects in the region. 


Page 91:
Petromidia 
Refinery
Lake Tașaul
Lake  
Corbu
Midia Port
Black Sea
Marine 
Terminal
This migratory species is common accross Romania, 
from the mountains to the Danube Delta.
Opportunistic carnivore, it feeds mostly on large insects 
(orders orthoptera, coleoptera, odonata), and small 
vertebrates (frogs, rodents, lizards, small birds).  
In autumn, its diet also includes small berries. 
It is the most common shrike in Romania and 
reproduces around May, when it builds elaborate nests 
in spiny bushes, which it lines with down and wool.
Red‑backed 
shrike
Lanius collurio

Page 92:
88
KMG International continuously  
works towards developing new 
approaches to provide sustainable 
solutions to meet the needs and 
increase the satisfaction of our  
diverse stakeholders. 
As a company that acts responsibly, 
we look beyond the use of materials 
and resources within the entire supply 
chain, an aspect which is anchored in 
our target vision of sustainability. As 
such, we also include our suppliers 
in our action towards this goal. 
Together we advocate for fair working 
conditions and competitive practices 
as well as respect for human rights,  
all principles being included in the 
KMG International Code of Ethics  
and Business Conduct as well as  
the Supplier Code of Conduct.
Our internal policies, procedures, 
processes and initiatives are aimed at 
promoting an organizational culture 
that is committed to ethical conduct and 
compliance with the law, while generating 
growth opportunities and benefits for our 
multiple stakeholders.  This also applies to 
our network of suppliers, contractors and 
subcontractors, as we only work with third 
parties that constantly operate in line with 
our company values and in compliance 
with national and international legislation 
in the fields of environmental protection, 
work health & safety, quality management, 
ethics and anti-corruption, corporate 
social responsibility, including human 
rights and labor standards.
Through our Supply Chain Monitor 
we conduct extensive screening when 
selecting suppliers and subcontractors 
and routinely monitor our business 
relationships and address any red flag  
that may arise.
Operating Principles  
and Business Conduct
Supply 
Chain
Our 
Approach
All prequalified suppliers receive, 
review and sign that they respect 
the ethical principles stated in the 
KMG International Supplier Code of 
Conduct and take responsibility for 
the provided services and products 
and all data communicated to 
KMG International, including their 
commitment to meeting the Group’s 
environmental, labor, social and 
human rights standards. 
Moreover, suppliers are subjected 
to follow-up, assessment and 
monitoring activities on a regular 
basis as part of the company’s risk 
mitigation efforts, while potential 
suppliers and contractors go through 
a complex screening and selection 
process before any dealing is 
signed with the company. Any failed 
attempt to meet KMG International 
requirements may ultimately result in 
contract termination.

Page 93:
89
The Group’s procurement and supply chain operations 
are responsible for contract and material management, 
commercial strategies, procurement systems, logistics and 
indirect procurement. Supply chain operational activities, which 
generate short and mid-term plans are based on production 
scenarios, forecasts, annual delivery plans and daily schedules, 
covering 3 major business areas: feedstock purchasing, 
planning & production optimization and volumes allocations & 
overall logistics for all the Group subsidiaries.
In 2018, crude oil acquisitions were higher than the previous 
year despite the general overhaul which took place in October. 
Average price of acquisition for crude was also higher in 2018 
compared to 2017 due to increase of international quotations.
Procurement and Supply Chain Operations
While all feedstock volumes purchased in 2018 from external sources 
were higher than in 2017, domestic acquisitions in 2018 also saw an 
increase from the previous year.
The main import 
market for crude oil 
is Kazakhstan and 
the purchased crude 
is traded through 
the Group’s Midia 
Marine Terminal. 
The purchase of the 
other raw materials 
is ensured from 
both Romania, and 
external sources.
In a nutshell, 2018 was a new year of records for KMG International, 
with a total PEM feedstock of ~ 5.92 million tonnes, a historical record 
that exceeded the level reached in 2017 by 263 kt, Subsequently, a 
record production level was registered, 2018 being the first time in 
history when the 5 million tonnes threshold was exceeded, mostly due 
to the optimization of refining operations through the Dolphin program 
carried out throughout the Group.
FEEDSTOCK TYPE  
(THOUSAND TONS)
2017 2018
Crude
Other
4,737
582
5,027
897
FEEDSTOCK SOURCES  
(THOUSAND TONS)
2017 2018
Import
Domestic
Domestic (Vega)
5,469
103
31
5,784
118
42
FEEDSTOCK 
QUANTITY  
(TH. TONS) 2017 2018
Purchased $393/t $512/t
Brent average $411/t $537/t
4,670 5,092

Page 94:
90
BIOFUEL (TONS) 2017 2018
Biodiesel
Bioethanol
67,637
19,600
96,615
21,082
Furthermore, Vega Refinery, the oldest processing 
unit in Romania with 114 years of tradition, also 
reached major operational records. The only domestic 
bitumen and hexane producer reported a total 
feedstock of 406 kt in 2018, the first time in history 
when the 400 kt threshold was exceeded.
The petrochemical segment, the only polypropylene 
and polyethylene producer in Romania, has been 
constantly increasing its market share and the 
secondary product categories. In 2018, the its total 
feedstock was raised by 3% compared to the previous 
year, its dynamic development strategy providing 
the company with a competitive position both on the 
domestic and regional markets - the Black Sea and the 
Mediterranean, Central and Eastern Europe. 
Given these accomplishments, Rompetrol Rafinare 
continued to be the largest exporter of petroleum 
products in Romania, the quantities delivered to the 
export by the refining and petrochemical divisions 
to the KMG International subsidiaries in Bulgaria, 
Moldova and Georgia and to the partners in the Black 
Sea region increasing last year by 27%, up to 1.7 
billion dollars.
In conformity with the applicable legislation regarding 
the use of biofuels and bio liquids, during 2018 
Petromidia Refinery produced diesel with a biofuel 
content of not less than 6.5% by volume and gasoline 
with max. 5%. From December 2018, the minimum 
requirement for Gasoline is minimum 8% by volume.
In 2018, the Group continued to reduce its impact on the environment 
by increasing the quantity of biofuels used in our processing. We 
purchased 96,615 of bio diesel, up from 67,637 tons in 2017 and 
66,890 tons purchased in 2016, along with 21,082 tons of bioethanol, 
compared to 19,600 tons in 2017 and 18,439 in 2016.
Rompetrol Rafinare (RRC), KMG International’s refining division, only 
produces Euro 5 fuels and only processes sulfurous oil. All RRC fuels 
and VEGA additives, along with the LPG distributed by Rompetrol 
Gas and fuels delivered by Rompetrol Downstream are certified by 
the Romanian Automotive Registry according to GD no 928/2012 – 
minimum requirements for market introduction of fuel. 
Furthermore, all biofuel volumes purchased by KMG International 
comply with sustainability criteria set out in the EU Legislation, being 
sourced from EU producers using mainly European feedstock.
Petromidia refinery relies on raw materials purchased under important 
contracts concluded both on the import and on the domestic market. 
The main raw material used by Rompetrol Rafinare, crude, comes 
exclusively from import, based on firm contracts signed on an annual 

Page 95:
91
basis. This ensures the stability and safety that the refinery 
needs to operate at maximum capacity. The main source 
of crude is Kazakhstan, reaching Romania through Midia 
Marine Terminal. Other raw materials come from both 
external and internal sources.
When it comes to the purchase of raw materials, the 
Group follows the trends and quotations on international 
markets, and, as a rule, the reference quotation calculation 
(Brent, Ural) is used. Each year, the level is influenced by 
fluctuations in the market, by the international context 
influenced by geopolitical or economic factors. All factors 
are ultimately reflected in the level of purchase prices of 
raw materials.
KazMunayGaz Trading A.G.  
is the trader of the 
KMG International Group.
All companies in the Group comply with the best practice code whereby 
operators are required to provide details of marketed products in 
conformity with the NP 004/2003 technical standard (normative) on 
fueling station design and operation, Law no - 307/2006 on firefighting, 
Law no 319/2006 on occupational health & safety and GD no 928/2012, 
which sets the minimum requirements for fuel market introduction. 
For all our products, we are diligent in conducting thorough hazard 
and regulatory assessments and developing comprehensive and 
publicly displayed Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS), each containing 
16 sections according to Regulation (CE) no.1907/2006 (REACH), 
amended and supplemented by Regulation No. 453/2010 (EU) and 
Regulation (EC)1272/2008 regarding classification, substances and 
mixtures amending and supplementing Directive 67/548/EC. 
Furthermore, Standard Specifications (SS) are provided for all products 
of the Group companies, which are also documented and publicly 
displayed. Each SS contains information on product description, 
properties, limits, test method, quality control, sampling, handling, 
storage, transport, while the Material Safety Data Sheet of each product 
contains safety, fire hazard, recycling and disposal information. 
All products are developed in compliance with the REACH regulation, 
being registered in accordance with the requirements of the European 
Chemicals Agency (ECHA) and all work points apply the required 
signaling, in line with CLP requirements. 
Market Research and 
Product Responsibility
Corn bunting
Emberiza calandra


Page 96:
92
Fuels are designed and labeled according to EN 590:2014 (diesel),  
EN 228:2012 (gasoline), EN 589:2008 (LPG), as well as certified by the 
Romanian Automobile Registry according to GD no. 928/2012 - minimum 
requirements for market introduction of fuel amended by GD no. 644/2015. 
Bitumen is designed according SR EN 1259:2009 (paving grade bitumen); 
SR EN 14023:2010 (polymer modified bitumen) and certified by Romanian 
Auto Registry according GD no. 622:2004   
All companies part of KMGI  are following our MSDS and safety labeling 
regulations. There has been no identified non-compliance to regulations and 
voluntary codes concerning health and safety impacts of products or product 
and service information and labeling in 2018, in line with the trend established 
in the previous years.
Since the opinion of our customers is of utmost 
importance to us at KMG International, we have 
procedures in place to rate customer satisfaction 
and claims across our business units, in accordance 
with international standard ISO 9001 for the refining 
segment and the retail segment.
Stemming from the results of the customer 
survey conducted the previous year, Rompetrol 
Rafinare focused in 2018 on increasing loyalty and 
strengthening customer confidence, gaining new 
customers and building stronger business relations by 
implementing projects and actions to improve delivery 
logistics. Moreover, the customer portfolio of products 
offered by the company increased by about 10%.
Monitoring customer perception and loyalty included 
customer data on delivered product quality, including 
quality claims, with the Customer Claim Indicator being 
calculated as no. of valid claims vs. no. of total claims:
Petromidia Refinery Customer Claim Indicator: 0.6 
Vega Refinery Customer Claim Indicator: 0.00
The results obtained by Rompetrol Gas in the customer 
satisfaction survey conducted in 2018 demonstrated 
that the company had a strong relationship with its 
clients, for most of them (65%) Rompetrol Gas being a 
unique supplier, while Rompetrol Downstream (DWS) 
recorded 4 claims in 2018.
Customer Satisfaction
Northern wheateater
Oenanthe oenanthe


Page 97:
93
Our operations include various projects to oversee compliance across all 
Group business units and departments, such as the CAPEX program, for 
example, regarding HSE compliance in Rompetrol Rafinare (RRC), Rompetrol 
Downstream (RPD) and Rompetrol Gas (RPG) depots and gas stations
In terms of legal matters, KMG International was identified as party in several 
legal proceedings, most of which represented long‑standing cases or 
appeals from previous years.
Compliance
Legal proceedings involving Rompetrol Rafinare 
SA, Rominserv SRL and employees of the two 
companies, following a technical incident occurred 
at Petromidia refinery on August 22, 2016
On August 22, 2016 a technical incident occurred within the 
DAV plant. Following the event, two employees of a Group’ 
subsidiary, Rominserv SRL, suffered burns and two persons 
passed away. Following the completion of the criminal 
prosecution, Rompetrol Rafinare S.A., Rominserv SRL and 
four employees of these companies were put on trial for the 
non-observance of labor, health and safety measures, bodily 
harm by negligence, manslaughter and accidental pollution. 
Rompetrol Rafinare S.A. was also involved as party in the case.
On August 16, 2017 both Rompetrol Rafinare and Rominserv 
received fines set by the Constanta Territorial Labor Inspectorate 
(in cumulated amount of RON 28,000), which were appealed 
by both entities. However, given the ongoing criminal case, 
the court suspended the subsequent proceedings pending 
resolution of the former.
Following the decision of the court, the file was returned to the 
Prosecutor’s Office attached to the Constanta Court of Appeal, 
during 2018 year procedural acts were carried out in the criminal 
prosecution and in December the file was submitted to the 
Constanta Court, the courts being notified by the indictment 
issued on December 20th 2018.
Vega residual pools remediation project
On November 15, 2017, the Environmental National Guard (ENG) 
performed an inspection at Vega Refinery in order to determine the status 
of the Remedial Project implementation.
Following the inspection, a 100,000 RON fine would be applied for 
the Company’s failure to send a notice to PEPA with respect to the 
commencement of the remedial works and to the identity of the contractor 
appointed in the Project, including for the failure to perform the works 
described in the remedial project and to comply with the deadlines 
specified in relation thereto.
On November 21, 2017, PEPA transmitted the Notice no. 149, informing 
that the Company had to comply
with the provisions of the Integrated Environmental Authorization (EIA) 
until December 21, 2017 (related to the execution of residual pools 
remediation project), otherwise the EIA would be suspended until remedial 
of Company’s failure, but, in any case, no longer than 6 (six) months, after 
which the EIA would be cancelled.
On December 20, 2017 the Company submitted to PEPA notice for 
initiation of the project works (phase I- construction) and on December 21, 
2017 details regarding the company to execute the construction works.
During the year 2018, the Company initiated correspondence with 
the competent environmental authorities regarding the fulfillment of 
the environmental obligation in order to establish jointly the concrete 
modalities of implementation of the rehabilitation technologies.

Page 99:
Petromidia 
Refinery
Lake Tașaul
Lake  
Corbu
Midia Port
Black Sea
Marine 
Terminal
One of the most common duck species in the northern 
hemisphere, the mallard’s habitat ranges from the Arctic 
tundra to the subtropical regions, being attracted to both 
fresh ‑  and salt‑water wetlands such as ponds, shallow 
lakes, rivers and estuaries with aquatic vegetation. 
They form pairs from around October until February, 
when the female lays eggs and the males leave the nest 
to await moulting period, which begins in June. They can 
become very aggressive during the breeding season.
Mallards are an omnivorous and opportunistic species, 
whose diet includes both plant matter (grass, leaves, 
roots, seeds) and animal matter (small vertebrates like 
insects and even frogs).
Mallard
Anas platyrhynchos

Page 100:
96
Financial 
Brief (IFRS)
The abbreviated financial 
information is derived from 
the Consolidated Financial 
Statements as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 
2018 and should be read 
in conjunction with these 
audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
On the full consolidated 
financial statements an 
unqualified audit opinion 
was issued. Check our 
Group’s Annual Report for 
the full financial disclosure.
Consolidated Financial Position 2018 (USD) 2017 (USD) 2016 (USD)
Total assets 2,631,134,837 2,660,756,266 2,471,747,440
Total non-current assets 1,355,049,407 1,370,399,247 1,382,466,820
Total current assets 1,276,085,430 1,290,357,019 1,089,280,620
Total assets 1,127,664,575 1,086,335,229 1,710,325,399
Non-controlling interest (251,491,655) (246,226,690) (278,850,774)
Total equity 876,172,920 840,108,539 761,422,041
Total non-current liabilities 349,127,882 173,666,783 422,035,603
Total current liabilities 1,405,834,035 1,646,980,944 1,288,289,796
Consolidated Income Statement 2018 (USD) 2017 (USD) 2016 (USD)
Revenue 11,669,147,774 8,322,706,699 5,706,141,433
Cost of sales (11,267,370,278) (7,886,317,048) (5,339,380,432)
Gross profit 401,777,496 436,389,651 366,761,001
Operating profit 97,294,705 117,712,915 46,314,949
Income tax (10,681,191) (5,560,284) 216,508
Profit (loss) for the year 40,283,804 80,423,670 14,020,538
Profit (loss) before income tax 50,964,995 85,983,954 13,804,030
Ferruginous duck
Aythya nyroca
(middle)
Garganey
Anas querquedula
(background)
Eurasian coot
Fulica atra
(foreground)

Page 101:
97


Page 103:
Petromidia 
Refinery
Lake Tașaul
Lake  
Corbu
Midia Port
Black Sea
Marine 
Terminal
The most common and largest of all flamingo species, its 
area spreads from Africa to southern Europe, with some  
populations migrating on short distances. 
Recently, they are more often spotted in Romania as well, 
mostly in the coastal regions, but sometimes inland, as far as 
Ialomița and Argeș counties, most likely having lost their way.
They feed in salt waters by stirring the mud with their feet and 
dunking their head to filter nutrients from the water, which 
include shrimp, mollusks, seeds, and blue ‑ green algae. 
A peculiarity of their bill is the upper jaw not fixed to the skull.
Greater 
flamingo
Phoenicopterus roseus


Page 104:
100
Independent 
Opinion
Akin to previous KMG International (KMGI) sustainability 
reports, the 2018 report – Inspired by Nature – focuses 
primarily on the Romanian market and the company’s 
operations in this market. This heightened focus is 
understandable given that Romanian operations represent 
the largest assets of KMG International. Nonetheless, 
the report also includes information on other company 
operations as well.
In accordance with the KMGI strategic statements of aiming 
to become a socially and environmentally responsible and 
sustainable company, Inspired by Nature provides a mixture 
of well-balanced quantitative and qualitative data, detailing 
(mainly) the company’s performance in the context of the 
specific characteristics of the Romanian market.
In accordance with the materiality matrix1 – the health and 
safety of KMGI’s human resources, of its customers and 
of the communities in which the company operates in 
are at the forefront of the 2018 report. Emphasising both 
company’s focus on these strategic sustainability areas, 
but also key stakeholder’s interest 
in these areas, the report covers 
extensively the specific indicators for 
these material topics. In addition, the 
report dully covers other HR related 
topics that are also high on the list of 
interests such as diversity and training, 
as well as environmental topics such 
as emissions, biodiversity, etc.
Examining the 2018 KMGI report, we 
can appreciate the effort made by 
the company to align the information 
presented with the stakeholders’ 
areas of interest, and to provide 
concise yet comprehensive content 
on selected indicators. The company 
presents its progress over the years 
and looks at the challenges faced in a 
well-structured and succinct manner, 
each chapter providing valuable 
data and information regarding the 
company’s approach to each relevant 
aspect and the progress made on 
relevant material aspects.
As a general overview of  
the report, we can state:
 º The report follows the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Standard Sustainability 
Reporting Guidelines and the associated 
Oil and Gas Sector Supplement, covering 
both General and Specific Disclosures; 
 º The large majority of material aspects and 
indicators required are covered, including 
management approaches and industry 
specific requirements and local context; 
 º Reporting principles of content and 
quality are well reflected in the report.
As potential improvements  
with respect to the quality of 
future reports, we suggest:
 º A more specific disclosure on specific 
targets (including numerical data) set 
to improve the company sustainability 
practice. Such disclosure will provide 
future reports a benchmark to which 
performance can be compared;
1. The stylish design of the matrix is both visually stunning as 
well as highly informative, being a very useful tool in identifying 
material topics and their relative importance with ease.

Page 105:
101
Bd. 1 Decembrie 1918, Nr. 4, Ap. 7  
RO‑400699 Cluj‑Napoca 
T: +40 264 406388  
E: office@arcromania.ro  
www.arcromania.ro
 º An increase in the amount of numeric data disclosed 
especially related to aspects that have been identified as 
highly material or relatively highly material by stakeholders 
(e.g.: 301-1, 2, 306-2, 306-4, 405-1);
 º Including additional examples and data on company 
practice, challenges and opportunities from operations 
outside of Romania. While the heightened focus on Romania 
is both understandable and warranted, more information 
is required on operations and markets served in order to 
augment the balance of the report;
 º Reflecting community partners’ opinions and needs as they 
arise in company activity (case studies and quotes).
In our professional opinion the 2018 KMG International 
Sustainability Report is a fairly balanced, clear document that 
is focused on relevant material aspects encountered over the 
year. The advancements made from year-to-year in the quality 
of the report underlines the companies’ journey in sustainability 
reporting as a rich, rigorous and honest process, which allows 
it to explore new directions to grow, together with all its 
stakeholders, in all communities where the company has a 
significant presence and all strategic partnerships. 
We recommend to KMGI to take into consideration each and 
every avenue for improvement suggested in this analysis, 
as improvement in the recommended areas would greatly 
strengthen the report, increasing clarity, reliability and credibility.
We consider that if KMGI takes into consideration the 
improvements suggested in this professional opinion, especially 
those related to transparency and data on key aspects, the 
overall quality of the report would be further improved.


Page 106:
102
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
STRATEGY
102-14 General Disclosures (Core) G4-1 Statement from senior decision-maker about the relevance of sustainability to the 
organization and its strategy for addressing sustainability.
Message from 
the CEO
2-4 fully reported
102-15 General Disclosures G4-2 Description of key impacts, risks and opportunities Message from 
the CEO
2-4 partially reported
ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE
102-1 General Disclosures (Core) G4-3 Name of the organization Introduction 20, 23, 28 fully reported
102-2 General Disclosures (Core) G4-4 Activities, brands, products, and services Introduction 20-24 fully reported
102-3 General Disclosures (Core) G4-5 Location of the organization’s headquarters Introduction 20, 28 fully reported
102-4 General Disclosures (Core) G4-6 Location of operations Introduction 20-21, 28 fully reported
102-5 General Disclosures (Core) G4-7 Ownership and legal form Introduction 28 fully reported
102-6 General Disclosures (Core) G4-8 Markets served Introduction 20-21 partially reported
102-7 General Disclosures (Core) G4-9 Scale of the organization Introduction 
People  
Finance
20-24, 28 
62 
96
fully reported
102-8 G4-10 Information on employees and other workers People 62-65 fully reported
102-9 General Disclosures (Core) G4-12 Supply chain. Description of the organization’s supply chain, including its main 
elements as they relate to the organization’s activities, primary brands, products, 
and services.
Introduction 
Marketplace
20-21, 24 
89-91
fully reported
102-10 General Disclosures (Core) G4-13 Changes during the reporting period regarding the organization’s size, structure, 
ownership or its supply chain
Introduction 29 fully reported
102-11 General Disclosures (Core) G4-14 Whether and how the precautionary approach or principle is addressed by the 
organization.
- - not reported
GRI Annex

Page 107:
103
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
102-12 General Disclosures (Core) G4-15 External initiatives. A list of externally developed economic, environmental and 
social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organization subscribes, 
or which it endorses.
Approach 16, 17 fully reported
102-13 General Disclosures (Core) G4-16 Memberships of associations. A list of the main memberships of industry or 
other associations, and national or international advocacy organizations.
Introduction 38, 39 fully reported
REPORTING PRACTICE
102-45 General Disclosures (Core) G4-17 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements. Introduction
Finance
20-21, 28
96
partially reported
102-46 General Disclosures (Core) G4-18 Defining report content and topic Boundaries. Approach 8 fully reported
102-47 General Disclosures (Core) G4-19 List of material topics Approach 12-15 fully reported
103-1 Management Approach - G4-20 
and G4-21 have been merged 
and combined with G4-DMA-a 
(Disclosure 103-1b and 103-1c)
G4-20
G4-21
Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary. Approach 10-15 partially reported
102-48 General Disclosures (Core) G4-22 Restatements of information. The effect of any restatements of information given 
in previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements.
- - not reported
102-49 General Disclosures (Core) G4-23 Changes in reporting. Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the 
list of material topics and topic Boundaries.
Approach 12-15 fully reported
102-50 General Disclosures (Core) G4-28 Reporting period Approach 8 fully reported
102-51 General Disclosures (Core) G4-29 Date of most recent previous report (if any) Approach 8 fully reported
102-52 General Disclosures (Core) G4-30 Reporting cycle Approach 8 fully reported
102-53 General Disclosures (Core) G4-31 Contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents Appendices 116 fully reported
102-54 General Disclosures (Core) G4-32a Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards Approach 8 fully reported
102-55 General Disclosures (Core) G4-32b GRI Content Index Appendices 100-114 fully reported
102-56 General Disclosures (Core) G4-32c
G4-33
External assurance.
a. A description of the organization’s policy and current practice with regard to 
seeking external assurance for the report; 
b. If the report has been externally assured.
Appendices 100, 101 partially reported

Page 108:
104
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
102-40 General Disclosures (Core) G4-24 List of stakeholder groups Approach 11, 12 fully reported
102-41 General Disclosures (Core) G4-11 
was moved to the Stakeholder 
engagement section of GRI 102
G4-11 Percentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements People 73 fully reported
102-42 General Disclosures (Core) G4-25 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Approach 10, 11 partially reported
102-43 General Disclosures (Core) G4-26 Approach to stakeholder engagement. Approach 10, 11 partially reported
102-44 General Disclosures (Core) G4-27 Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement. Approach 10-12 partially reported
GOVERNANCE
102-18 General Disclosures (Core) G4-34 Governance structure.
a. Governance structure of the organization, including committees  
of the highest governance body.
b. Committees responsible for decision-making on economic, environmental, and 
social topics.
Introduction 28-31 fully reported
102-19 General Disclosures G4-35 Delegating authority.  
Process for delegating authority for economic, environmental, and social topics 
from the highest governance body to senior executives and other employees.
Introduction 29-31 fully reported
102-20 General Disclosures G4-36 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics Introduction 29-31 partially reported
102-21 General Disclosures G4-37 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics - - not reported
102-22 General Disclosures G4-38 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Introduction 29-31 partially reported
102-23 General Disclosures G4-39 Chair of the highest governance body Introduction 31 fully reported
102-24 General Disclosures G4-40 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body Introduction 30, 31 partially reported
102-25 General Disclosures G4-41 Conflicts of interest Introduction 31 partially reported
102-26 General Disclosures G4-42 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy. Introduction 30, 31 partially reported
102-27 General Disclosures G4-43 Collective knowledge of highest governance body.  
Measures taken to develop and enhance the highest governance body’s collective 
knowledge of economic, environmental and social topics.
- - not reported

Page 109:
105
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
102-28 General Disclosures G4-44 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance - - not reported
102-29 General Disclosures G4-45 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts Introduction 30, 31 partially reported
102-30 General Disclosures G4-46 Effectiveness of risk management processes - - not reported
102-31 General Disclosures G4-47 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics Introduction 30, 31 partially reported
102-32 General Disclosures G4-48 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting - - not reported
102-33 General Disclosures G4-49 Process for communicating critical concerns to the highest governance body. - - not reported
102-34 General Disclosures G4-50 Nature and total number of critical concerns Introduction 31 partially reported
102-35 General Disclosures G4-51 Remuneration policies - - not reported
102-36 General Disclosures G4-52 Process for determining remuneration People 70 partially reported
102-37 General Disclosures G4-53 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration - - not reported
102-38 General Disclosures G4-54 Annual total compensation ratio - - not reported
102-39 General Disclosures G4-55 Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio - - not reported
ETHICS AND INTEGRITY
102-16 General Disclosures (Core) G4-56 Description of the organization’s values, principles, standards and norms of 
behavior.
Introduction 32-36 fully reported
102-17 General Disclosures - G4-57 and 
G4-58 have been merged into 
one disclosure (now 102-17) 
on mechanisms for advice and 
concerns about ethics
G4-57
G4-58
Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Introduction
People
32-36  
58, 60
fully reported
ECONOMIC
201-1 Topic-specific disclosures - 
Economic performance
G4-EC1 Direct economic value generated and distributed. Finance 96 partially reported
201-2 Topic-specific disclosures - 
Economic performance
G4-EC2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change. Environment 42-45,  
54, 55
partially reported
201-3 Topic-specific disclosures - 
Economic performance
G4-EC3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans. People 72, 73 partially reported

Page 110:
106
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
201-4 Topic-specific disclosures - 
Economic performance
G4-EC4 Financial assistance received from government. - - not applicable
202-1 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Market presence
G4-EC5 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage. People 62 partially reported
202-2 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Market presence
G4-EC6 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community. People 62 fully reported
203-1 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Indirect economic impacts
G4-EC7 Infrastructure investments and services supported Introduction 20, 21,  
26, 27
fully reported
203-2 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Indirect economic impacts
G4-EC8 Significant indirect economic impacts Introduction 26, 27 fully reported
204-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Procurement practices
G4-EC9 Proportion of spending on local suppliers - - not reported
SECTOR SPECIFIC
N/A No corresponding GRI indicator 
available yet for sector specific 
guidelines
G4-OG1 Volume and type of estimated proved reserves and production Marketplace 89-91 partially reported
ENVIRONMENTAL
301-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Materials
G4-EN1 Materials used by weight or volume Environment 46-49 partially reported
301-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Materials
G4-EN2 Percentage of materials used that are recycled input materials Environment 46-49 partially reported
302-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Energy G4-EN3 Energy consumption within the organization Environment 50, 51 fully reported
302-2 Topic-specific disclosures – Energy G4-EN4 Energy consumption outside the organization Environment 50, 51 fully reported
302-3 Topic-specific disclosures – Energy G4-EN5 Energy intensity Environment 50, 51 fully reported
302-4 Topic-specific disclosures – Energy G4-EN6 Reduction of energy consumption Environment 50, 51 fully reported
302-5 Topic-specific disclosures – Energy G4-EN7 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services Environment 50, 51 fully reported
- - G4-EN8 Total water withdrawal by source - - not applicable

Page 111:
107
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
- - G4-EN9 Water sources significantly affected by withdrawal of water - - not applicable
- - G4-EN10 Percentage and total volume of water recycled and reused - - not applicable
303-1 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Water and Effluents
N/A Interactions with water as a shared resource Environment 52 partially reported
303-2 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Water and Effluents
N/A Management of water discharge-related impacts. Environment 52 partially reported
303-3 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Water and Effluents
N/A Water withdrawal Environment 52 partially reported
303-4 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Water and Effluents
N/A Water discharge Environment 52 partially reported
303-5 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Water and Effluents
N/A Water consumption Environment 52 fully reported
304-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Biodiversity
G4-EN11 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and 
areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas
Environment 54 partially reported
304-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Biodiversity
G4-EN12 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity in protected 
areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas
Environment 54 fully reported
304-3 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Biodiversity
G4-EN13 Habitats protected or restored Environment
Community
54  
78, 79
partially reported
304-4 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Biodiversity
G4-EN14 Total number of IUCN red list species and national conservation list species with 
habitats in areas affected by operations, by level of extinction risk
- - not reported
305-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Emissions
G4-EN15 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Environment 53 partially reported
305-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Emissions
G4-EN16 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Environment 53 partially reported
305-3 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Emissions
G4-EN17 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions - - not reported
305-4 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Emissions
G4-EN18 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity - - not reported

Page 112:
108
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
305-5 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Emissions
G4-EN19 Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions Environment 53 fully reported
305-6 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Emissions
G4-EN20 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) - - not reported
305-7 - G4-EN21 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air emissions Environment 53 fully reported
- - G4-EN22 Total water discharge by quality and destination Environment 52 fully reported
306-2 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Water and Effluents
G4-EN23 Total weight of waste by type and disposal method Environment 53 partially reported
306-3 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Water and Effluents
G4-EN24 Total number and volume of significant spills Environment 53 fully reported
306-4 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Water and Effluents
G4-EN25 Transport of hazardous waste Environment 53 fully reported
- - G4-EN26 Identity, size, protected status, and biodiversity value of water bodies and related 
habits significantly affected by the organization’s discharges of water and runoff
Environment 54 fully reported
N/A Discontinued to avoid 
duplication
G4-EN27 Extent of impact mitigation of environmental impacts of products and services - - not applicable
301-3 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Materials
G4-EN28 Percentage of products sold and their packaging materials that are reclaimed by 
category
- - not applicable
307-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Materials
G4-EN29 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations Environment 54, 55 fully reported
N/A Discontinued to avoid 
duplication
G4-EN30 Significant environmental impacts of transporting products and other goods and 
materials for the organization’s operation’s, and transporting members of the 
workforce
Environment 53 partially reported

Page 113:
109
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
several The content of G4-EN31 has been 
incorporated into the following 
topic-specific Standards as 
management approach guidance 
(i.e. this is no longer required): 
• GRI 103: Management 
Approach 
• GRI 305: Emissions 
• GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 
• GRI 307: Environmental 
Compliance 
G4-EN31 Total environmental protection expenditures and investments by type Environment 55 fully reported
308-1 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Supplier Environmental 
Assessment
G4-EN32 New suppliers screened using environmental criteria - - not reported
308-2 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Supplier Environmental 
Assessment
G4-EN33 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken - - not reported
103-2 Management Approach G4-EN34 Number of grievances about environmental impacts filed, addressed and resolved 
through formal grievance mechanisms
Environment 44, 45 fully reported
SECTOR SPECIFIC
- - G4-OG2
G4-OG3
Total amount invested in renewable energy and total amount of renewable energy 
generated by source
- - not reported
- - G4-OG4 Number and percentage of significant operating sites in which biodiversity risk has 
been assessed and monitored
Environment 54 partially reported
- - G4-OG5 Volume and disposal of formation or produced water Environment 52 fully reported
- - G4-OG6 Volume of flared and vented hydrocarbon - - not applicable
- - G4-OG7 Amount of drilling waste and strategies for treatment and disposal - - not reported
- - G4-OG8 Benzene, lead and sulfur content in fuels - - not reported

Page 114:
110
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
SOCIAL
401-1 Topic-specific disclosures –
Employment
G4-LA1 Total number and rates of new employee hires and employee turnover by age 
group, gender and region
People 62-65 fully reported
401-2 Topic-specific disclosures –
Employment
G4-LA2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or 
part-time employees, by significant locations of operation
People 62, 72 fully reported
401-3 Topic-specific disclosures –
Employment
G4-LA3 Return to work and retention rates after parental leave, by gender People 64, 65 fully reported
402-1 Topic-specific disclosures –Labor/
Management Relations
G4-LA4 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes People 73 fully reported
- - G4-LA5 Percentage of total workforce represented in formal joint management-worker 
health and safety committees that help monitor and advise on occupational health 
and safety programs
People 66 fully reported
- - G4-LA6 Type of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and 
absenteeism, and total number of work-related fatalities, by region and by gender
People 67 partially reported
- - G4-LA7 Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to their occupation - - not reported
- - G4-LA8 Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade unions People 66-68 partially reported
403-1 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Occupational health and safety management system People 66-68 fully reported
403-2 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation People 66-68 partially reported
403-3 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Occupational health services People 66-68 partially reported
403-4 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and 
safety
People 66-68 fully reported
403-5 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Worker training on occupational health and safety People 67, 71 fully reported
403-6 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Promotion of worker health People 66-68 fully reported

Page 115:
111
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
403-7 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked 
by business relationships
People 66-68 fully reported
403-8 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system People 66-68 partially reported
403-9 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Work-related injuries People 67 fully reported
403-10 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Occupational Health and Safety
N/A Work-related ill health People 67 fully reported
404-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Training and Education
G4-LA9 Average hours of training per year per employee People 71 fully reported
404-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Training and Education
G4-LA10 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs People 70, 71 fully reported
404-3 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Training and Education
G4-LA11 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews
People 71 fully reported
405-1 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Diversity and Equal Ppportunity
G4-LA12 Composition of governance bodies and breakdown of employees per employee 
category according to gender, age group, minority group membership, and other 
indicators of diversity
People 66 partially reported
405-2 Topic-specific disclosures –  
Diversity and Equal Ppportunity
G4-LA13 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men by employee category People 63 fully reported
414-1 Topic-specific disclosures - 
Supplier Social Assessment
G4-LA14 Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using labor practices criteria - - not reported
414-2 Topic-specific disclosures - 
Supplier Social Assessment
G4-LA15 Significant actual and potential negative impacts for labor practices in the supply 
chain and actions taken
- - not reported
103-2 Management Approach G4-LA16 Number of grievances about labor practices filed, addressed, and resolved through 
formal grievance mechanisms
People 58-60 fully reported
412-3 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Human Rights Assessment
G4-HR1 Total number and percentage of significant investment agreements and contracts 
that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening
People 58-60 fully reported
412-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Human Rights Assessment
G4-HR2 Total hours of employee training on human rights policies or procedures 
concerning aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations, including the 
percentage of employees trained
People 58-60 fully reported

Page 116:
112
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
406-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Non-
Discrimination
G4-HR3 Total number of incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken - - not applicable
407-1 Topic-specific disclosures - 
Freedom of Association and 
Collective Bargaining
G4-HR4 Operations and suppliers identified in which the right to exercise freedom of 
association and collective bargaining may be violated or at significant risk, and 
measures taken to support these rights
People 58-60 fully reported
408-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Child 
Labor
G4-HR5 Operations and suppliers identified as having significant risk for incidents of child 
labor, and measures taken to contribute to the effective abolition of child labor
- - not applicable
409-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Forced 
or Compulsory Labor
G4-HR6 Operations and suppliers identified as having significant risk for incidents of forced 
or compulsory labor, and measures to contribute to the elimination of all forms of 
forced or compulsory labor
- - not applicable
410-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Security Practices
G4-HR7 Percentage of security personnel trained in the organization’s human rights 
policies or procedures that are relevant to operations
- - not applicable
411-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Rights 
of Indigenous People
G4-HR8 Total number of incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples and 
actions taken
- - not applicable
412-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Human Rights Assessment
G4-HR9 Total number and percentage of operations that have been subject to human rights 
reviews or impact assessments
- - not applicable
414-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Supplier Social Assessment
G4-HR10 Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using human rights criteria Marketplace 88 fully reported
414-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Supplier Social Assessment
G4-HR11 Negative human rights impact in the supply chain and actions taken - - not applicable
103-2 Management Approach G4-HR12 Number of grievances about human rights filed, addressed, and resolved through 
formal grievance mechanisms
People 58-60 fully reported
SECTOR SPECIFIC
- - G4-OG9 Operations where indigenous communities are present or affected by activities and 
where specific engagement strategies are in place
- - not applicable
413-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Local 
Communities
G4-SO1 Percentage of operations with implemented local community engagement, impact 
assessments and development programs
Community 76 fully reported
413-2 Topic-specific disclosures – Local 
Communities
G4-SO2 Operations with significant actual or potential negative impacts on local 
communities
Community 76 partially reported

Page 117:
113
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
205-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Anti-
Corruption
G4-SO3 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption - - not reported
205-2 Topic-specific disclosures – Anti-
Corruption
G4-SO4 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures People
Marketplace
58  
88
partially reported
205-3 Topic-specific disclosures – Anti-
Corruption
G4-SO5 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken People
Marketplace
58  
88
partially reported
415-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Public 
Policy
G4-SO6 Political contributions - - not applicable
206-1 Topic-specific disclosures – Anti-
Competitive Behavior
G4-SO7 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices Marketplace 93 fully reported
419-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Socioeconomic Compliance
G4-SO8 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area Marketplace 93 fully reported
414-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Supplier Social Assessment
G4-SO9 Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using criteria for impacts on society - - not reported
414-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Supplier Social Assessment
G4-SO10 Negative impacts on society in the supply chain and actions taken Environment
Marketplace
53  
88-92
partially reported
103-2 Management Approach G4-SO11 Number of grievances about impacts on society filed, addressed, and through 
formal grievance mechanisms
- - not applicable
SECTOR SPECIFIC
- - G4-OG10 Number and description of significant disputes with local communities and 
indigenous peoples
- - not applicable
- - G4-OG11 Number of sites that have been decommissioned and sites that are in the process 
of being decommissioned
- - not applicable
- - G4-OG12 Operations where involuntary resettlement took place, the number of households 
resettled in each and how their livelihoods were affected in the process
- - not applicable
- - G4-OG13 Number of process safety events, by business activity - - not applicable
416-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Customer Health and Safety
G4-PR1 Percentage of significant product and service categories for which health and safety 
impacts are assessed for improvement
Marketplace 91, 92 fully reported

Page 118:
114
GRI Standard No. & Title G4 no. Description Chapter Pages Status
416-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Customer Health and Safety
G4-PR2 Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and voluntary codes 
concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services during their life 
cycle, by type of outcomes
Marketplace 91, 92 fully reported
417-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Marketing and Labeling
G4-PR3 Requirements for product and service information and labeling Marketplace 91, 92 fully reported
417-2 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Marketing and Labeling
G4-PR4 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and 
labeling
Marketplace 91, 92 fully reported
102-43
102-44
General Disclosures G4-PR5 Approach to stakeholder engagement. 
Key topics and concerns raised
Approach 10-12 partially reported
102-2 General Disclosures G4-PR6 Activities, brands, products, and services Introduction
Marketplace
20-24  
91, 92
fully reported
417-3 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Marketing and Labeling
G4-PR7 Total number of noncompliance incidents related to marketing and labeling Marketplace 91, 92 fully reported
418-1 Topic-specific disclosures - 
Customer Privacy
G4-PR8 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of 
customer data
Marketplace 91, 92 fully reported
419-1 Topic-specific disclosures – 
Socioeconomic Compliance
G4-PR9 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area Marketplace 91, 92 fully reported
SECTOR SPECIFIC
- - G4-OG14 Volume of biofuels produced and purchased meeting sustainability criteria Marketplace 90 fully reported

Page 119:
115
Greater flamingo
Phoenicopterus roseu 

Page 120:
116
Reporting 
Team and 
Contacts
KMG INTERNATIONAL
World Trade Center  
Strawinskylaan 807, Tower A, 8th floor  
1077XX Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
Tel.: +31 205 75 23 90 
Fax: +31 205 75 23 99 
office@rompetrol.com 
www.kmginternational.com
ROMPETROL  
RAFINARE 
(PETROMIDIA)
215 Năvodari Blvd. 
Administrative Building 
905700 Năvodari, Romania 
Tel: +40 241 50 60 00 
Fax: +40 241 50 69 30 
office.rafinare@rompetrol.com 
www.rompetrol-rafinare.ro
KMG ROMPETROL
3-5 Free Press Square 
City Gate Northern Tower, 6th floor 
013702 Bucharest, Romania 
Tel: +40 21 30 30 800 
Fax: +40 21 31 22 490 
office@rompetrol.com
ROMPETROL  
DOWNSTREAM
3-5 Free Press Square 
City Gate Northern Tower, 2nd floor 
013702 Bucharest, Romania 
Tel: +40 21 206 75 00 
Fax: +40 21 206 75 80 
office.downstream@rompetrol.com 
www.downstream.ro
This document was 
printed on recycled 
paper made from 
FSC‑certified wood
SUSTAINABILITY
Costinela Drăgan  
Elena Ion
LEGAL
Aretina Rachieru
HUMAN  
RESOURCES
Nicoleta Mihăiță
SUPPLY  
CHAIN
Sorin Cioca
COMPLIANCE
Cătălin Bereș 
QHSE
Camelia Vera Mitrofan 
Corina Rugină 
Felicia Andrei 
Alexandru Baroian
FINANCE
Ioana Mihalache


Page 121:
117
Stakeholder 
Feedback 
Form
Please take a few minutes to fill  
out this questionnaire on the  
2018 Sustainability Report.
We value your opinion as it  
helps us better manage our  
efforts and improve our results.
Which of the following 
interests you the most?
(multiple choice)
Corporate Governance & Transparency
Corporate Responsibility Actions
Environment
Health & Safety
Human Resources
Stakeholders’ information (shareholders, employees, 
neighboring municipalities, customers, suppliers, 
NGOs, etc)
Mark the statements as  
to how much you agree  
with the following
(1) strongly disagree
(2) disagree
(3) neither agree nor disagree
(4) agree
(5) highly agree
The principles and issues are sufficiently covered 
in accordance with the company’s sustainable 
development strategy.
The content is complete and clear.
The report’s structure is functional and sufficient.
The information presented is reliable and accurate.
The tables and charts are easily understood and 
depicted in a satisfactory manner.
The photographs and images positively enhance the 
report making it easier to read and more attractive.
The printed version conforms to a Sustainable 
Development publication.
I prefer the electronic version of the report.
I will recommend the report to others.

Page 122:
118
Assess in the order of priority 
from 1 to 5 the following areas 
in which the company has 
developed significant initiatives 
and activities, in your opinion:
(choose five)
Safety
Workplace
Protecting the environment
Caring for society and the environment
Programs to support the local communities
Transparency
Human rights
To which of these groups of 
stakeholders do you belong?
(single choice)
Employees
Local community
NGOs
Media
Suppliers
Customers
Business partners
Authority representatives
Others
How was your opinion  
of KMG International  
influenced after reading the  
2018 Sustainability Report?
(single choice)
Positively influenced
Not influenced
Negatively influenced
The data we collect will help us improve  
our Sustainability Report and our Group’s 
Corporate Responsibility actions.
THANK YOU FOR  
YOUR FEEDBACK!
csr@rompetrol.com
FIRST NAME
LAST NAME
OCCUPATION
COMPANY
POSITION
PHONE
E-MAIL
WEBSITE
ADDRESS
Please specificy any issues not included in 
the 2018 Sustainability Report and which 
you want featured in the next report:

