Page 1:
Fiber
Forward
KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022


Page 2:
Contents


Page 3:
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Report by the Board of Management
Introduction by the CEO 4
Our purpose and the world around us 6
Strategy and key performances 9
Value creation model 13
Our valuable assets 15
Our value for stakeholders
- Customer value 17
- Shareholder value 23
- Employee value 27
- Impact on society 32
Our performance
- Network infrastructure 36
- Focused innovation and digitalization 41
- Safeguarded privacy and security 45
- Environmental performance and responsible 
supply chain
50
Governance
Corporate governance 58
Tax and regulations 62
Compliance and risk 67
Composition of the Board of Management 77
Report by the Supervisory Board
Composition of the Supervisory Board 80
Supervisory Board Report 83
Remuneration Report 90
Financial Statements
Consolidated Financial Statements 104
Corporate Financial Statements 167
Other information 175
Appendices
Appendix 1: About this report 186
Appendix 2: Alternative performance measures 189
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment 191
Appendix 4: Non-financial information 199
Appendix 5: TCFD 202
Appendix 6: NFRD 203
Appendix 7: EU Taxonomy 204
Appendix 8: List of top risks 208
Appendix 9: Social figures 218
Appendix 10: Supply chain 220
Appendix 11: Environmental figures 222
Appendix 12: Tax overview for continuing operations 
per country
229
Appendix 13: GRI index 230
Appendix 14: SASB index 239
Appendix 15: Glossary 241
Statement - This copy of the Integrated Annual Report 
is the PDF/printed version of the KPN Integrated Annual 
Report 2022. This version has been prepared for ease 
of use, and does not contain ESEF information as 
specified in the Regulatory Technical Standards on 
ESEF (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815). The official 
ESEF reporting package is available on our website at: 
https:/ /annualreport2022.kpn/
3 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 4:
Introduction by the CEO
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Moving fast forward
We are strongly committed to connecting everyone in the 
Netherlands to a sustainable future, a responsibility we take 
very seriously. Our investments over the years have resulted in 
excellent networks and together with our services we help the 
country move forward in its digital transformation.
Transformation into a fiber company
With the roll-out of fiber and 5G, we are leading the way in the 
digitalization of the Netherlands. In 2022, for the first time, we had 
more retail customers using fiber services than copper. In 2023, we 
will pass the threshold where more than half of all households in 
the Netherlands will have access to a fiber connection of KPN or 
our joint venture Glaspoort. With this, we are working to set a new 
standard for internet quality in the country, helping consumers, 
businesses, and Dutch society move forward.
Our efforts around network infrastructure are contributing to the 
transformation of KPN into a modern fiber company. This enables 
us to deliver the fastest connectivity and to serve our customers 
in a more efficient way.
Long-term value creation in a competitive 
playing field
We have been successful in 2022, delivering on the promises in our 
Accelerate to Grow strategy. Through innovation, we improved 
our products and services for our customers, and achieved the 
planned growth in service revenues.  The turnaround  in the 
Business market – especially in the SME segment – was an 
important milestone in this regard. In the Consumer market, 
we switched many customers to our KPN Unlimited proposition 
and fiber with speeds of 1 gigabit per second, underscoring 
growing customer demand for unlimited data usage in mobile and 
higher speeds.
These efforts were also recognized externally. Consumers voted 
KPN as the best internet service provider on both fiber and 
copper, and our mobile network was recognized as the best in 
the Netherlands as well as globally. These are results to be proud 
of, and I’d like to thank all our colleagues and partners for their 
contribution in this success.
  
Solid financial performance
We have achieved strong financial results, showed growth, and 
maintained our solid financial position due to our strategic 
progress. This enables us to take good care of all stakeholders. 
We invest heavily in an excellent customer experience, and in 
the quality of our fixed and mobile network. We also invest in 
our employees, which is reflected in a salary increase for 2023, 
training programs and a work from home allowance. At the 
same time, we have room for strategic projects, the purchase of 
3.5 GHz spectrum licenses. And we offer our shareholders an 
attractive return.
In the competitive market in which we operate, clear regulation 
is important. In 2022, the Netherlands Authority for Consumers 
and Markets (ACM) declared a proposal from KPN regarding 
wholesale access by other service providers to our fiber network 
as binding. This creates clarity and stability in the market for a 
period of about eight years.
Cybersecurity
In 2022, cybersecurity was once again on top of our agenda. We 
are able to turn our plans into action thanks to the expertise 
of our people, our professional organization, and our ability 
to cooperate decisively with business partners, science, and 
government parties. Through the work of our Chief Information 
Security Office (CISO) team, and active participation in the Cyber 
Security Council (CSR) and other working groups, we can mitigate 
risks together. Protecting the vital domains of the Dutch digital 
infrastructure is crucial, and a permanent focus within KPN. A 
report by the Dutch Authority for Digital Infrastructure on the 
safeguards in the lawful intercept wiretapping chain are providing 
feedback for us to continue to guarantee security at the highest 
level. The trust that customers and other stakeholders have in 
KPN is of paramount importance to us.
4 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 5:
Introduction by the CEO
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Clear environmental targets
We continue to score highly on sustainability rankings such as 
the MSCI and CDP and we are committed towards ambitious 
environmental objectives, both in the short and long-term. In 
doing so, we link our ambitious targets directly to our green 
financing instruments.
We also set clear conditions for suppliers so that, for example, 
the hardware we supply to customers is sustainable and enables 
them to save on energy consumption. Partly due to COVID, 
we increased hybrid working, which makes us more efficient, 
due to the reduced footprint of our offices and less travel by 
our employees.
  
Connected together
KPN is at the heart of society, and society is at the heart of our 
company. We want to be an organization that is there for everyone 
and that reflects society. We aim to stimulate social contact, a basic 
necessity of life and extremely important for the well-being of 
people. For people who feel lonely we organize various special 
projects and activations with our KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds 
which celebrated its 15th anniversary in 2022. Within KPN, we 
constantly pay attention to inclusion and diversity, through 
initiatives such as ‘KPN Pride’ and ‘Colorful KPN’ (‘Kleurrijk KPN’). 
This strengthens mutual connection, helps us to have relevant 
conversations and makes us a better company. 'We get postive 
feedback on this from independent organizations focussing on 
fostering diversity and inclusion in the workplace, like Taskforce 
Diversiteit & Inclusie (D&I) and SER Diversiteit in Bedrijf.
Proud of TEAM KPN
Our gratitude goes to all employees who have helped KPN and 
its customers move forward this year. Employee engagement 
remains high, and colleagues continue to express their pride in 
working at KPN. We want to make KPN one of the greatest places 
to work in the Netherlands.
We constantly invest in making teams and individuals stronger, 
so working towards a culture in which engagement and better 
performance go hand in hand. Modern facilities, good terms of 
employment, and room for talent development are essential to 
this. For our colleagues, we try to limit the impact of rising costs; in 
2022, we twice paid employees a supplementary contribution. We 
also agreed on a salary increase for 2023 with the trade unions.
Looking ahead to 2023
2022 was a year of growth for KPN. Our strategy is paying off. 
Thanks to our investments, we are transforming the company 
step by step. In the coming year, we intend to continue on this 
course. Despite the challenging economic context, we will focus on 
service revenue growth and remain focused on costs.
I am looking forward to 2023 with confidence, and thank all 
our employees, customers, shareholders, friends, and other 
stakeholders for their support.
Joost Farwerck,
CEO and Chairman of the Board of Management of KPN
5 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 6:
Our purpose and the world around us
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
A central role in society
Our purpose
We believe connections bring people closer and move them 
forward. That is why we are going all out to connect everyone 
in the Netherlands to a sustainable future. Every day we build 
the network of the future, a network of people and technology 
solutions that moves us forward. We enable new secure ways 
of working and want to offer first-class connections, flexibility, 
and an outstanding customer experience that is both safe and 
simple. This way people can relax, do business, make friends, 
collaborate, and discover new worlds. We are striving to make the 
Netherlands the most connected country in the world. We want to 
lead the country's digitalization and become the preferred partner 
in digital life.
The connected society
For consumers, a great part of daily life depends on connectivity 
– for entertainment, personal finances, shopping, staying 
connected to loved ones, or working from home. For businesses, 
there’s even more of a dependency on connectivity, with critical 
applications becoming Software-as-a-Service, that is to say, 
moving completely to the cloud, and hybrid work being the 
norm for many people.
Additionally, for a number of businesses, the primary service 
is digital or primary processes are fully digitalized. Well-known 
examples include streaming, food delivery or car-sharing services. 
We are seeing how connectivity can deliver solutions for society 
as a whole, solving challenges and unlocking new opportunities. 
From climate change to addressing food scarcity, new solutions 
are being developed that make use of connected devices, real-
time data processing, low-latency communication, and other 
technologies that require high-quality connectivity.
A modern society needs a modern communications 
infrastructure. In this respect, the Netherlands is one of the 
most advanced countries in the world. This is due to the efforts of 
KPN and peer telco's who are building fixed and mobile networks 
across the country. According to the Digital Economy and Society 
Index (DESI) Report of 20221, the Netherlands is one of the best 
performers in connectivity in Europe.
The same DESI research reveals that the Netherlands has one 
of the most advanced digital economies and societies in the 
EU, together with Denmark and Finland. Also, together with Italy 
and Denmark, the Netherlands has the highest 5G coverage in 
Europe, covering more than 95% of the country. We have excellent 
infrastructure and a highly digitally-skilled population, making 
us a popular entry point for international companies to bring 
their services to Europe. A more developed digital ecosystem 
can contribute to economic growth. The effect on gross domestic 
product (GDP) per capita is driven by the productivity and 
efficiency gains afforded by digital technologies. This occurs 
through output from new products and enhanced productivity. 
These are just a few of the reasons why infrastructure investments 
by KPN are so important for the Netherlands.
KPN as part of Dutch society
The core of our strategy is to accelerate and enable society’s 
digitalization. Every day, we improve the network of the future, a 
network of people and technology that makes progress happen. 
In 2022, KPN continued rolling out fiber to more households 
and businesses in the Netherlands, connecting 348k households 
increasing our total fiber network to 3.56m homes passed. To this 
end, we are making good progress towards our goal of ~80% of 
households with fiber in the Netherlands by 2026 reaching 47%, 
together with Glaspoort, KPN’s Joint Venture with APG.
In 2022, we almost completed the modernization of our mobile 
network. Thanks to these efforts, we were recognized by 
benchmarking experts as the best mobile network. This is 
also emphasized by an increase of our mobile base with 195k 
customers. With partners, we are testing the benefits of 5G in 
field labs across different industries. This includes, for example, 
automated guided vehicles – essentially robots – in factories, and 
innovations in the health industry.
A related effect of a more connected society is an increasing 
need for cybersecurity. Threats to both national and personal 
security are increasing, and keeping critical systems and personal 
data safe is a key priority for Dutch society. KPN is taking an 
important role in ensuring cybersecurity for all, both through its 
services and, perhaps more importantly, through its work with 
the Dutch government and other companies. For example, in 
2022, KPN joined nine other Dutch companies in establishing 
the Chief Information Security Office (CISO) Circle of Trust 
foundation, aimed at creating a platform to share information 
about cybersecurity threats, as well as increasing awareness 
about cybersecurity issues in the Netherlands.
1 This report is mainly based on 2021 data and published in 2022
6 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 7:
Our purpose and the world around us
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Connectivity is already at the heart of Dutch society and its 
relevance would only increase. This creates new opportunities 
as well as big responsibilities for KPN. We are excited about 
supporting our customers in making the most of their digital 
lives, and we take our responsibility very seriously to provide 
high-quality safe connectivity.
Our market position
Consumer market
KPN aims to be the preferred digital partner for all people in 
the Netherlands. We do this by providing digital access with our 
fast fiber network, reliable copper network, in-home WiFi, and 
the best mobile network. We have simplified our offering to our 
customers under the KPN brand and broadened our portfolio with 
new content.
We see fiber as the technology of the future for fixed-line 
connectivity. We believe it is superior compared to the other 
technology, due to its stability and reliability, and symmetrical up- 
and download speeds. Higher upload speeds, in particular, will 
become increasingly important with increased data usage from 
new applications such as gaming and virtual reality.
Acting on this belief, we are building the largest fiber network 
in the Netherlands. We passed an important milestone in 2022, 
with more than half our broadband customers now on our fiber 
network. Our copper network customers receive good quality 
services, but we do see that they are more likely to choose other 
providers than fiber customers. This is even more reason to 
connect more of the Netherlands to our fiber network as quickly 
as we can.
The recognition of our mobile network confirms that we offer the 
best coverage and highest speed in the Netherlands. The mobile 
market in the Netherlands is competitive, with several players 
focusing on a 'no frills' or 'value for money' approach. We believe 
the quality of our network offers our customers a lot of value, and 
this year we have again grown our postpaid base by 111k SIMs. Our 
continued focus on fixed mobile convergence (FMC) is paying off 
too - we have the highest market share in FMC in the Netherlands.
Business market
We offer our business clients the connectivity and tools they 
need to make their businesses truly digital. Our customer-centric 
approach enables us to offer our customers a standardized but 
customizable portfolio to suit their specific needs. Our business 
market strategy has a clearly differentiated segmented approach: 
our product and service propositions are specifically aligned 
to our small and medium enterprises (SME), large corporate 
enterprises (LCE), and Tailored-Solutions customers.
For our SME customers, we offer standardized and future-proof 
solutions (KPN ÉÉN MKB) and focus on cross- and upselling with 
the aim of becoming the preferred digital partner for both fixed 
and mobile. Our focused strategy here is now clearly paying off, 
with service revenues for the SME segment having grown by 8.8% 
in 2022.
Our LCE customers are served through our modular Smart 
Combinations propositions, where we offer connectivity, cloud, 
security, and workspace services. Competition in the LCE mobile 
segment continues to be strong, with competitors challenging us 
on price. We remain focused on delivering quality in the mobile 
market and on track to deliver sustainable inflection in LCE 
in 2023.
Our Tailored Solutions customers are in different phases of their 
digital journey and facing complex cloud, network, workplace 
and security challenges. We guide and facilitate them on their 
journeys with integrated technology services supported by SIAM 
framework processes (Smart Integration) in order to empower 
customers in innovation and to let them remain in control for 
future digitalization.
Wholesale
In 2022, we achieved an important milestone for our Wholesale 
business. We introduced a new and improved fiber offering, 
which ACM declared binding, giving clarity to the market for the 
next eight years. With this new offering we show our continued 
commitment to our open-access model to guarantee consumers 
in the Dutch market the highest-quality services. Our Wholesale 
business continued its growth in 2022, driven by increased mobile 
and broadband service revenues. The continuous investments 
in the quality of our fixed and mobile network makes KPN an 
attractive partner.
SWOT
We continuously review our business model and adapt our 
resources and capabilities to counter risks and create new 
opportunities. The overview on the next page summarizes 
our main insights and position in the environment in which 
we operate.  
7 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 8:
Our purpose and the world around us
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Overview of our strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats
Strengths that make us stand out Opportunities for growth
Network Network
• Network advantage maintained through compelling fiber strategy • Growing fiber footprint
• Mobile network quality confirmed as world's best • Improving fiber activation rate, leading to broadband base growth
• Developments in infrastructure, software, 5G, IoT and virtual networks
• Partnerships with content providers
Business activities Business activities
• Strong brand reputation • Create synergy between product portfolios to capitalize trend of working from home
• Open network policy, granting wholesale access to third-party operators • Digitalizing customer interactions
• Trusted provider of critical communication services to governmental bodies • Further increasing household value by cross- and up-selling opportunities
• Utilizing data and analytics capabilities to create more value in current and 
new business
• Creating value from new 5G and fiber products and service offerings
Corporate social responsibility Corporate social responsibility
• Externally recognized as ESG frontrunner • Substituting existing products and services with more sustainable alternatives
• An attractive employer with skilled and engaged employees
Financial Financial
• Sustainable service revenue growth • Copper switch-off, resulting in energy and spend savings
• Strong and growing free cash flow covering progressive dividend
• Robust balance sheet and liquidity position
Weaknesses to improve Threats we face
Network Network
• Dependency on worldwide supply chains for hardware (chips) • Confidentiality, integrity and availability of networks, systems and data
• Legacy network infrastructure • Impact on our technical infrastructure due to impact of climate change
• Shortage of materials
Business activities General
• Relatively high cost to serve due to complex IT systems and processes • Potential restrictive regulation for telecommunication companies
• Challenging labor market
• Reliance on suppliers subject to international geopolitical discussions
Corporate social responsibility Competition
• Gender diversity, especially in middlemanagement functions • Price pressure from fierce competition
• Disruptive technologies and new business models that we need to adapt to
Financial Financial
• Lower cost-cutting run-rate • Cost inflation (i.e. higher wages and energy prices)
• Uncertain outcome of future spectrum auction
• Increased risk of customer spend optimization due to high inflation rates
8 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 9:
Strategy and key performances
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Accelerate to Grow strategy pays off
Accelerate to Grow strategy
KPN has three key pillars underpinning its Accelerate to Grow 
(2021-2023) strategy:  
1. Leverage & expand superior networks
2. Grow & strengthen customer footprint
3. Simplify & streamline operating model
With this strategy, KPN aims to lead the Dutch digitalization 
wave to connect the Netherlands to a sustainable future in which 
we deploy our services while being frontrunner on safeguarding 
environmental, social and governance aspects. The strategy 
has already led to sustainable growth in mass-market service 
revenues and adjusted EBITDA AL, and enables the continuation 
of its progressive dividend policy, covered by free cash flow. For 
these financial key performances see page 11.
Leverage & expand superior networks
The next wave of digitalization, fueled by artificial intelligence 
(AI), Internet of Things (IoT), and 5G, is continuing at pace. To 
meet this head on, we launched our Accelerate to Grow strategy 
in November 2020 and are at the end of the second year of our 
three-year plan. Over the past two years, KPN has built a strong 
fiber foundation, covering 44% of the Netherlands with fiber. In 
the coming years, KPN will continue to expand and leverage 
this superior network as it sees attractive returns from fiber 
investments with increased network penetration and more loyal 
customers with an increased willingness to pay for quality. KPN’s 
roll-out speed in terms of homes passed slowed down somewhat 
compared to 2021 (2022: 348k additional homes passed vs 2021: 
433k), as labor shortages and competition for this scarce capacity 
in the sector increased.
Grow & strengthen customer footprint
In Consumer, service revenues remained stable in 2022. KPN’s 
retail fiber base surpassed its copper base and contributed 
to the strong retail fiber broadband service revenue growth, 
accompanied by an improving Consumer Net Promoter Score 
(NPS) of 15. 79% of KPN’s service revenues are generated in the 
‘mass-market’ or Consumer, SME, and Wholesale segments. KPN 
now sustainably grows mass-market service revenues through 
a strengthened and stable-to-growing customer footprint. In 
Business, KPN has a clearly segmented customer focus for SME, 
LCE and Tailored Solutions. Business revenues increased, mainly 
driven by strong growth in SME. Revenues from our tailored 
products and services also grew. LCE, however, faced ongoing 
competition in the market, pressuring ARPU (average revenue per 
user) levels and resulting in a decline of LCE service revenues. 
However, the trend in the service revenue is improving, as 
the decline is lower compared to prior year. Wholesale service 
revenues showed continued growth.
Simplify & streamline operating model
KPN will further simplify and streamline its operating model to 
prepare for the next wave of digitalization, which in our opinion 
will improve customer experience, enhance KPN’s time-to-market 
and contribute to further cost efficiencies. At the start of 2021, 
KPN started a new indirect cost-savings program running until 
2023 with a total target of EUR 250m net direct Opex savings. 
Net indirect cost savings are lower than initially planned, mainly 
impacted by the effects of higher energy prices and wage 
indexation. The impact of the inflationary effects makes the initial 
target even more challenging, therefore it is not possible to predict 
when the target is met. However, KPN remains fully focused on 
neutralizing cost pressures.
9 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 10:
Strategy and key performances
Strategy
Fiber footprint  KPN     Glaspoort (GP)
Stable customer base: households
Employee engagement
Fiber own roll-out
Customer satisfaction
Population coverage
Net growth customer base (Mobile, BB, VoIP, Fixed-voice)
Indirect cost reduction
Customer satisfaction
KPN 35%
2020
KPN 40%
GP 1%
2021
KPN 44%
GP 3%
2022
3.55m
2020
3.53m
2021
3.52m
2022 
86%
2020
82%
2021
81%
2022
 319k
2020
433k
2021
348k
2022
11
2020
16
2021
15
2022 
81%
2021
96%
2022
3.1m
2020
3.2m
2021
3.4m
2022
€ 137m
2020 
€ 47m
2021
€ 38m
2022
-2 
2020
4
2021
2
2022
Connecting the Netherlands through fiber
Consumer
New ways of digital working
5G coverage Dutch population
Business
Continued disciplined cost control program
Leverage & expand superior networks
Grow & strengthen customer footprint
Simplify & streamline operating model
Benchmarking expert umlaut
“  KPN has the best mobile  
network with highest score 
worldwide in 2022 ” 
41% 47%
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
10 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 11:
Strategy and key performances
Financial key performances
Adjusted EBITDA AL1
Adjusted revenues
Capital expenditure 
Return on capital employed3
Free cash flow 
€ 2,320m
2020
€ 2,347m
2021
€ 2,404m
2022
€ 5,275m
2020
€ 5,255m
2021
€ 5,327m
2022
 € 1,147m
2020
€ 1,216m
2021
€ 1,206m
2022
€ 13.0ct
2020 
€ 13.6ct
2021
€ 14.3ct 2 
2022
€ 765m
2020 
€ 784m
2021
€ 862m
2022
Commited to progressive dividend policy
Total shareholder return (TSR)
11.0%
2021 
13.1%
2022 
 KPN 10.4% 2022  Telco index -14.5% 2022
 
 KPN  
 STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Index 4
3.50
3.25
3.00
2.75
2.50
2.25
2.00
Jan22 Mar 22 May 22 Jul 22 Sep 22 Nov 22 Dec 22
1  KPN defines EBITDA as operating result before depreciation (incl. impairments) 
of PP&E and amortization (incl. impairments) of intangible assets. Adjusted 
EBITDA after leases are derived from EBITDA and are adjusted for the impact 
of restructuring costs and incidentals (‘adjusted’) and for lease costs, incl. 
depreciation of right-of-use assets and interest on lease liabilities (‘after leases’ 
or ‘AL’). Reconciliations can be found in Appendix 2
2  To be proposed at the AGM 2023
3  Net operating profit less adjustments for taxes divided by capital employed
4  Rebased to KPN’s closing price of the last trading day 2021
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
11 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 12:
Strategy and key performances
Network speed
Non financial key performances
# FttH households
Energy consumed by KPN
Fixed-mobile households as percentage of fixed households
Sites 5G 
2.78m
2020
3.22m
2021
3.56m
2022
2.444¹
2020
2.156¹
2021
2.036
2022 
53%
2020
54%
2021
56%
2022
9.802
2020 
6.588
2021
3.455
2022
3.584m
2020 
3.647m
2021
3.759m
2022
Estimated energy consumption saving by KPN customers
Postpaid customers
Network infrastructure
Energy consumption in petajoules
B2C products and services
2,936
2020
4,000
2021
5,072
2022
RepTrak Reputation score 
“  KPN maintains a lead over all benchmarks  
on reputation ” 
76.0
2020 
74.4
2021
73.6
2022
Average maximum download speed  
broadband fixed per year-end
377 Mbps
2020
446 Mbps
2021
484 Mbps
2022
207 Mbps²
2021
189 Mbps
2022
Average 5G download speed  
mobile network per year-end
2  Restated number due to improved calculation methodology
1  2020-2021 figures have been restated, for details see Appendix 11
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
12 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 13:
Value creation model
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
The value we create
Our purpose, going all out to connect everyone in the Netherlands to a sustainable future, 
is the core of the value we create. By delivering connectivity, serving our customers, and 
building and maintaining our network infrastructure, we want to make the Netherlands 
the most connected country in the world.
To properly understand how we impact society, we have identified 
the value we create for our stakeholders and society as a whole, 
using the six capitals model of the International Integrated 
Reporting Council (IIRC). We have plotted KPN's impact on 
Dutch society and highlighted the assets most valuable to our 
business model and provide the necessary input for performing 
our core activities. The value we create for our stakeholders is 
the direct result of our business model. Our business outcomes 
ensure that we can create long-term value for society. This 
helps us to contribute to the realization of the UN’s Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDG's) by providing products and services 
to Dutch society.
To align our goals with our materiality assessment and value 
creation model, we held a consultation session on our current 
KPIs with the Board of Management. For this session, the theme 
owners together with the responsible board members prepared 
proposals based on our Purpose and main ESG pillars. This led to 
a smaller but more focused set of ambitions and provided input 
for the strategy update that is to be expected in 2023. See also 
chapter ‘Connecting the Netherlands to a sustainable future’ and 
Appendix 4.
Structure of the report
Our Integrated Annual Report is based on the structure of our 
value creation model (see p. 14), providing insights into our 
results, the value we created in 2022 for our stakeholders, and the 
long-term value we create for society.
Materiality assessment
To examine the topics most important from a business and 
stakeholder perspective, we perform an annual materiality 
assessment. This important tool affirms our focus is the right 
one. The result of this year's assessment shows the top five 
material topics that will have an effect for KPN on its surroundings:  
1. Network quality
2. Cybersecurity, data & information protection
3. Customer value
4. Sustainable ICT solutions & product innovation
5. Greeenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
Besides the impact materiality assessment, which represents an 
inside-out perspective (the impact KPN has on the surroundings), 
we also performed a financial materiality assessment, providing 
insights into which topics are material from an outside-in 
perspective (the impact that the surroundings has on KPN). 
For details, we refer to Appendix 3 Materiality assessment.
All material topics are described in detail in the following chapters 
of this report. The non-financial information tables in Appendix 
4 show how the most material topics are linked to our value 
creation model and how they are reported on in this Integrated 
Annual Report.
13 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 14:
Value creation model
Business model
Our valuable assets 
Our performance
Impact in the Netherlands 
 Strategy, key performance and value creation model
Loyal customers Strong 
partnerships and 
supplier base
Future-proof 
infrastructure 
and mobile 
spectrum
Skilled and 
motivated 
workforce
Solid financial 
basis
Climate-neutral 
operations
‘We go all out to connect everyone in the Netherlands to a sustainable future’
Our ambition Strategic themes Safeguarding value
To make the Netherlands the most 
connected country in the world and to 
become customers’ preferred partner in 
digital life
• Leverage and expand superior networks
• Grow and strengthen customer footprint
• Simplify and streamline operating model
• Governance
• Compliance
• Risk management
Network 
infrastructure
Flexible, simple 
and converged 
products and 
services
Focused 
innovation and 
digitalization
Safeguarded 
privacy and 
security
Sustainable 
employability
Environmental 
performance and 
responsible 
supply chain
We create value for our customers, shareholders and employees, and we impact Dutch society as a whole
Secure future-proof connectivity Social and digital inclusion Environmental impact
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Value creation model
14 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 15:
Our valuable assets
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Overview of our resources to operate
Our organization is fueled by six key capitals, enabling us to contribute to digital 
transformation. Each of the capitals is vital to maximize the value we create for our 
organization, our stakeholders and society at large in the short and long-term.
Loyal customers
We aim to build a satisfied customer base, providing 
customer journeys designed to accommodate the digital 
needs of our customers, ranging from consumers to large 
corporate enterprises.
2022 2021
Consumer and Business postpaid
customer base 5,863k 5,669k
Consumer and Business broadband
customer base 3,139k 3,137k
Fixed-mobile households 1,525k 1,496k
Wholesale broadband customer base 1,128k 1,101k
Strong partnerships and 
supplier base
We join forces with ambitious companies to work on the 
applications of tomorrow, providing better and more innovative 
products to our customers while reducing adverse impacts 
across the supply chain.
2022 2021
Partnering innovative startups 
and entrepreneurs 41 34
Partnering research centers and universities 6 6
KPN Ventures fund size €100m €70m
Contracted suppliers 1,327 1,348
Future-proof infrastructure 
and mobile spectrum
We connect the Netherlands through high quality networks 
and by strengthening the capacity of our network and 
IT infrastructure.
  
2022 2021
FttH households 3.56m 3.22m
Modernized mobile sites 5,072 4,000
Average 5G download speed 189 Mbps 207 Mbps1
1 Restated number due to improved calculation methodology
Skilled and 
motivated workforce
We create a more simple, effective and inclusive organization by 
acquiring, developing and retaining the right people and skills to 
become a stronger, more agile, profitable business and a great 
place to work.
2022 2021
Full-time domestic personnel 9,452 9,699
Average training cost per FTE €1,552 €1,499
Employee score for engagement 81% 82%
15 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 16:
Our valuable assets
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Solid financial basis
We focus on sustainable service revenue growth and efficiency 
aiming to realize a return on investment for our capital providers 
that outperforms the cost of capital while solidifying our financial 
and competitive position.
  
2022 2021
Return on capital employed 13.1% 11.0%
Market capitalization €11.7bn €11.5bn
Leverage ratio 2.3x 2.3x
Credit ratings (Moody's/S&P/Fitch) Baa3/BBB/BBB Baa3/BBB/BBB
Climate-neutral operations
We mitigate our adverse environmental impacts driven by 
our belief that a sustainable business is a better business, 
which is expressed through our climate-neutral operations, our 
commitment to become ~100% circular and our ambition to 
realize net-zero carbon emissions in our supply chain by 2040.
2022 2021
Green electricity consumption 100% 100%
Energy consumption 2.036 PJ 2.156 PJ1
Reduction of supply chain emissions compared 
to base year 2014 37% 30%1
1 The 2021 figures have been restated, for details we refer to Appendix 11
16 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 17:
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Creating value for our customers
Our customer-centric approach means that in both Consumer and Business, we 
constantly listen to our customers to meet their needs and expectations, expand the 
variety and quality of our products and services, improve customer journeys, and focus 
on excellence.
KPI Result 2022 Result 2021
NPS Consumer 15 16
NPS Business 2 4
Consumer
Customer experience
Providing our customers a good service remains one of our 
top priorities, and we made solid progress in 2022. The quality 
depends on our networks and its availability, this is described 
in the chapter on network infrastructure. Consumer NPS, the 
indicator of customer satisfaction with our products and services, 
was 15. The NPS is lower than previous year. The number of 
customer contacts with our service desk decreased in 2022 
compared to 2021. Changing our customer service desk protocols 
helped reduce the need for support from engineers to resolve 
customer issues. Now more problems can be solved at a distance 
by the service desk agent. As a result, only the most complex 
problems required a home visit by an engineer.
We have several online self-service tools, helping customers fix 
many issues themselves. Despite decreasing annual customer 
calls, the service levels in our call centers were lower than we 
want due to the labor shortage in the market. In these difficult 
market circumstances, recruiting personnel remains an ongoing 
challenge. This is driving us to digitalize - even faster. In terms of 
digitalizing customer interactions, we also made progress in 2022, 
changing several back-end tools that will improve the customer 
experience in the future.
In 2022, we also sharpened our focus on the attention we give 
our existing customer base, strengthening our relationships with 
speed upgrades, content, and other attractive offers.
Improving the customer experience received a boost with our 
entertainment and sports content offering. We signed more 
partnerships with content and entertainment providers, such 
as gaming and video streaming companies. Among these, we 
were the first to bring Disney and Microsoft Xbox games to the 
market. We have also started to introduce gaming propositions 
(Xbox Game Pass Ultimate and Go!Gaming) in our quest to build 
ownership of the entertainment landscape.
We are fully aware that to achieve operational excellence, solid 
partnerships and an excellent network are key, as well as the ability 
to digitalize existing processes. This means performing better and 
delivering the best for our customers. We have several grievance 
mechanisms in place for internal and external stakeholders. 
External stakeholders can communicate a complaint through 
various digital means (website, telephone, forum or chat) and 
non-digital means (letter).
CHALLENGE
Due to inflation in the market our customers are also facing a 
tough time. That is why we have given extra consideration to 
how to deal with an annual inflation adjustment. As we are also 
dealing with strong price increases on the purchasing side, we 
increased the price of our broadband line and implemented 
an inflation correction for mobile. To mitigate the impact of 
inflation on the customer, we have limited the correction for 
both internet and mobile.
17 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 18:
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Products and services
2022 was a successful year for mobile, with growth in our 
customer base. We attribute this to the switch towards selling 
more unlimited mobile data subscriptions, and our advertising 
campaign promoting this offer. Another successful driver was 
our focus on selling extra SIMs in households. This focus on 
selling extra products (deepselling), in addition to our fixed mobile 
convergence (FMC), has paid off. We also launched multi-SIMs on 
our KPN brand. This means customers can attach another SIM 
to their KPN subscription allowing an Apple Watch Cellular to 
have SIM-connectivity.
We successfully served the market on the low and high end, with 
a product and services combination that allows us to generate 
volumes without losing value. Our ARPU has been stable and 
volumes grew over the year.
For broadband, the base is still not at the level we would like, 
but we recognize we face a competitive market with limited 
opportunities for growth. The broadband copper base declines 
steadily due to conversion of services from copper to fiber. In 2022, 
the broadband fiber base shows clear growth, in line with previous 
years. In total the broadband base still decreases in 2022, however 
the Fixed ARPU is stable.
In 2022, we worked hard on our proposition to strengthen 
in-home WiFi networks, delivering and extending Super WiFi, 
a high quality WiFi solution. Customers are demanding stable, 
top-quality wireless internet access at home, especially with the 
trend of home working. We swapped old equipment for newer 
versions for tens of thousands of customers. Several thousands 
are still to be migrated, and we plan to continue replacing old 
modems and set-top boxes in 2023.
A significant success in 2022 was our strengthened position in the 
content market. Customers now have every reason to consider 
KPN for its content proposition. For example, we are now able to 
offer the leading sports content in the Dutch market, including 
Formula One, Dutch Eredivisie soccer and Premier League.
Our fiber deployment has a positive impact on our customer 
base on fiber and on average revenue per address. This reflects 
customer demand for fiber connectivity, and the understanding 
that fiber is the future of broadband.
These insights confirm that our push into fiber was the right 
strategy. It is answering a need from the customer, particularly 
in video, professional conversations (e.g. Zoom, Teams), and 
gaming, and it is generating financial and commercial benefits to 
the company.
We intend to continue expanding our entertainment services 
offering. We see opportunities to offer households secure online 
‘smart home’ services, as we expect demand to shift from free-
of-charge services to more secure cloud-based services for a 
modest fee.
In 2022, we introduced trade-ins, offering customers a 
compensation for trading in their old phones. Our customers 
support our sustainability goals, and this model fits our purpose 
perfectly, as well as the tough economic situation.
Flagship KPN Brand
With the aim of simplifying, streamlining and delivering better 
consumer value, we continued to focus on our strong flagship 
KPN brand. In 2022, we successfully completed the integration of 
XS4ALL into the KPN platforms. As of August 2022, we no longer 
have any customers on the XS4ALL platform. For our mobile 
offering we still have two brands, KPN and Simyo.
Simyo
As of 2022, Simyo is not just a SIM-only provider, it also offers 
subscriptions in combination with a handset. In Q3 2022, the 
Dutch consumer association Consumentenbond named Simyo 
the best mobile provider for the 27th time. The panel is 
independent and assesses our operations across many criteria, so 
this is a great recognition.
Innovations
In 2022, most of our innovations were in the back-end of our 
operations relating to customer intelligence. We enhanced our 
data analysis, giving us deeper and more valuable customer 
insights. For instance, we have developed more intelligent call 
routings and segmentation of customers. These will ultimately 
make consumers’ lives simpler in several ways. We can be more 
intelligent and proactive in how we help customers to not have a 
problem, or make it possible to resolve it themselves, rather than 
worry about how many seconds it may take our call center to 
answer a call.
18 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 19:
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Business
In 2022, KPN Business-to-business (B2B) continued gearing its 
offering to customer needs. We focused on business outcomes, 
helping our customers interact with their customers and clients, 
and improving their organizational performance and employee 
productivity through digitalization. Cybersecurity is one of the 
priorities of our customers, as is the move to the cloud and 
hybrid working. We continued to help them in this journey by 
introducing new converged offerings that combine network, IT 
and security services. Key examples are Secure Connect, SD-WAN 
Premium, Elastic Interconnect, and Managed Workforce Security. 
We launched new Security add-ons like SASE (Secure Access 
Service Edge) and Managed Workforce Security, and showed 
thought leadership around security trends and developments. 
We saw a 52% opt in on EVI (Extra Veilig Internet) with our 
SME customers.
KPN’s Business customers benefitted from the further roll-out of 
our fiber network. In areas where we provided access to fast fiber 
connections, we see a significant higher market share compared 
to the market share in copper areas.
CHALLENGE
To facilitate our strategy of Accelerate to Grow, we continued 
our efforts to digitize our own operations. For example, 
we replaced different invoicing systems, we use to bill our 
customers, with one single new and more efficient solution. In 
some areas, this internal digital transformation did not move 
as quickly as we would have liked due to the complexity of the 
transformation and due to a shortage of hardware and global 
supply chain disruptions we couldn’t always take the steps we 
had planned to get customers off legacy solutions. As a result, 
we had to maintain several legacy systems for longer, side by 
side with their newer replacements, which lead to higher costs 
than anticipated.
Customer experience
Our NPS was 2, which is slightly lower than the previous year 
(2021: +4). This drop coincided with lower sentiment across the 
market due to fast-increasing inflation and the impact of the war 
in Ukraine. We act on customer feedback about our performance 
regarding speed of delivery and the quality of our products, 
seeking to make improvements where possible.
2022 was a year of growth, particularly in our SME segment. 
With all our customers migrated to the portfolio’s KPN ÉÉN MKB 
and Kleinzakelijk and the introduction of relevant new services, 
we saw that number of customers grow. Together with our 
Business Partners we realized also a strong growth on workspace 
portfolio for SME companies. This resulted in strong service 
revenue growth. The customer request on service integration 
and supporting our customers on their cloud, workspace, data-
exchange and cybersecurity journeys led to growth in Tailored 
Solutions service revenues. IoT revenues continued to grow 
in 2022, with accelerated demand fueled by customers facing 
increasing scarcity of resources and labor. For the near future, we 
expect an increasing demand for digitalization and data sharing 
to enable societal changes such as the energy transition.
KPN B2B has migrated customers to future-proof propositions 
such as KPN ÉÉN MKB, KPN Smart Combinations and KPN 
Smart Integration. We also made further strides in simplifying 
our product portfolio. In doing this, we once again guided many 
customers to a new digital world.
Besides the migrations, KPN B2B stepped-up from tailored 
offerings based on products and services towards customer 
journeys and a target IT infrastructure with generic sales- and 
delivery systems, which is significantly different, especially for 
the LCE segment. We also successfully continued to develop 
Data Services Hub (DSH) and Zero Trust solutions, resulting 
in an increase of product density and a foundation for future 
revenue growth.
Innovations
Driven by the rationalization of legacy portfolio and a strong focus 
on the business outcomes of our customers, KPN B2B developed 
a more modular and converged portfolio (e.g. KPN ÉÉN MKB, KPN 
Smart Combinations), resulting in a better customer experience 
and more cross- and upsell opportunities. This has been received 
well by independent research & advisory firms such as GlobalData 
and IDC. GlobalData has increased the rating for KPN’s B2B 
portfolio to ‘very strong’ in its most recent company assessment.
Our Health Exchange, which makes information sharing between 
health organizations easier, was officially certified in 2022 with 
MedMij-label. This important step enables us to support the 
health sector accelerate its digital transformation. Using a SaaS 
(Software-as-a-Service) platform, KPN’s Health Exchange helps 
connect various healthcare systems. The Dutch standard for 
sharing information between patients and healthcare providers, 
and eOverdracht, a similar system.
19 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 20:
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
We see more opportunities for enhancing access to healthcare 
through digitalization in the near future. Home diagnostics, 
self-monitoring, early detection, and even remote treatment of 
patients who are at home could potentially make life easier for 
patients and healthcare professionals. We plan to further explore 
the development of new products and services in this area.
KPN joined the Green Deal for Sustainable Healthcare, 
an initiative that aims to help hospitals and other health 
organizations reduce their environmental footprint by providing 
smarter and more energy-efficient services, facilitating working 
from the cloud, and adopting circular business models 
where possible.
In 2022, we became Managed Services Partner of the Year by 
Cisco Nederland.
Other achievements
Companies that want to outsource their security can acquire 
managed security services from KPN Security. These range from 
protection and detection to response and prevention. Security 
solutions for large companies and the government are available 
as part of an integrated package of services within our Smart 
Integration offering.
With the KPN Data Services Hub, our platform-as-a-service for 
real-time information exchange, we enable our customers to 
analyze and share data with partners in a secure and controlled 
environment. We continued to develop and improve this hub, 
enabling users to connect and control data easier. The platform 
has customer implementations in the Energy Transition, Smart 
City and Security &  IT monitoring.
We are on course to enhance circularity. It is one of our ambitions 
that, by 2025, all the KPN devices our customers use to access our 
services will be designed according to circular standards. We aim 
to collect all these devices at the end of their lifetime for reuse or 
recycling purposes.
We are also moving forward in helping our customers become 
more sustainable. In the Business Market, there are now four 
services with a circulair design including our Premium WiFi and 
SD-WAN/SD-LAN services. This means we have mapped out the 
inflow and outflow, agreements have been made with suppliers 
about energy-efficient production and that all used equipment is 
taken in and reused. Where this is not possible, it is recycled.
Wholesale
Our Wholesale business segment provides third-party telecom 
providers access to our fixed and mobile networks. We apply an 
open wholesale policy. This means we offer access to our fixed 
networks to other parties on reasonable and non-discriminatory 
terms and based on our voluntary offer for Optical Distribution 
Frame (ODF), Wholesale Broadband Access (WBA) and Virtual 
Unbundled Local Access (VULA). Next to that, Wholesale 
together with KPN's subsidiary NL-ix provides a wide range 
of interconnect-, connectivity- and platform services including 
data peering to a variety of customers. By maximizing the value 
of KPN’s assets and ecosystem and using the capacity of our 
networks as fully as possible, we create value for both KPN and 
our customers.
Third-party use of both our broadband and mobile networks grew 
in 2022. A major driver of broadband growth was the continued 
roll-out of our fiber network, which enables wholesale customers 
to provide better and faster connections to their end-consumers. 
Our growth in mobile was based mostly on the shift from pre-paid 
to post-paid mobile phone subscriptions by the end-customers of 
our third parties. Our fixed and mobile access business continued 
to grow to 1,128k broadband connections and 742k postpaid 
connections, respectively.
Our fiber portfolio continued to grow, offsetting the decline in 
legacy services on copper.
In 2021, the Netherlands Authority for Consumers and Markets 
(ACM) began investigating whether our open wholesale policy 
meets free and open competition requirements. KPN launched 
a voluntary offer to amend our fiber wholesale access tariffs in 
2022. We committed to enabling access to high-speed internet for 
everyone in the Netherlands at lower prices for at least the next 
eight years, gaining the ACM’s consent.
The fixed retail market remains competitive regarding rolling out 
fiber broadband access. We increased our broadband customer 
base, confirming the success of our open Wholesale policy and 
ensuring customers have abundant choice of service providers.
During the COVID-19 period, the Dutch government’s vaccination 
programs, along with ongoing testing programs, led to peaks 
in voice calls and text messages from consumers arranging 
and confirming vaccination and test appointments. With our 
Wholesale business customers handling many of these calls and 
messages, we noticed intense use of our network capacity and 
increased sales of network capacity to third-party operators. As 
vaccinations and testing significantly decreased in the course of 
2022, there was an anticipated drop in numbers of text messages.
20 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 21:
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
However, the overall number of text messages remained higher 
than pre-COVID-19 period, due to the increased use of two-factor-
authorization, parcel sending alerts and appointment reminder 
messages. The use cases for our large account SMS services have 
been growing steadily in recent years, and especially during the 
pandemic, as consumers switched to using digitalized services 
even more.
KPN has been recognized as offering the best mobile network, 
which strengthens our roaming position. We compensate our 
European counterparts for use of their networks by Dutch 
customers in their countries, and make a margin on roaming 
outside Europe. Likewise, we are compensated for foreign 
travelers using our network while in the Netherlands.
Innovations
There are risks associated with doing business digitally. To 
offer services such as online booking and digital administration 
securely, KPN offers new products to help businesses minimize 
cybersecurity risks and at the same time protect the privacy of 
their customers.
We introduced Mobile Connect in 2022, in cooperation with 
other Netherlands-based telecom operators. It offers different 
verification and KYC (know your customer) solutions by checking 
general identity information, phone number or time and date of 
latest SIM swap during transactions, onboarding or continuous 
verification. These solutions help prevent money laundering, 
account takeovers and social engineering.
Our multi-cloud solution, Elastic Interconnect, has become a 
fixture in our B2B portfolio. It offers companies and their 
employees stable and secure connections to all the cloud 
applications they use, such as Microsoft Teams, and is particularly 
relevant to companies enabling their employees to work securely 
from home.
Several customers implemented our KPN PiM app for easy 
identification, which we introduced in 2021. This confirms its 
demand among our B2B customer base to provide end-customers 
with proof of identity in a simple way using their smartphone, while 
optimally protecting personal data.
Customer satisfaction
We ask our customers for feedback on our products and 
services, and this feedback reflected a high degree of satisfaction. 
Saying that, customers also pointed out where there is room 
for improvement, such as in the area of communication with 
customers, processing time and fulfilling customer demands. 
We are continuously working on enhancing the wholesale 
user experience.
CHALLENGE
Migrating existing wholesale customers from legacy 
technology to new technologies can be a challenge. In the 
mobile domain, the introduction of voice over LTE combined 
with the phasing out of legacy networks can have an impact 
on end-users. We support our wholesale customers with this 
challenge. In the fixed domain we support our customers 
with a smooth migration from copper to fiber. We announced 
that the ending of copper-based connections in regions were 
KPN rolled out fiber will be limited to addresses where the 
connection has been completed within the home.
21 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 22:
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
The engine behind our 
broadband growth
“Customers who are 
already connected to 
fiber are generally 
more satisfied”
Bart Mulders - EVP Commercial Fiber
Claartje Mangert - EVP Customer Delivery
  
"With our team, we are responsible for all commercial fiber 
activities. For example, we help existing customers to migrate 
from copper to fiber and we connect new customers to the 
network of the future. It brings customers higher value and 
greater satisfaction. In 2022, we will have reached a special 
turning point in our customer base, because more than 50% of 
our customers now uses fiber. It is the growth engine behind 
our broadband growth, and makes KPN a fiber company.
Last year was all about our national campaign ‘100% glasvezel 
(100% fiber)’. The speed and stability of the network are central 
to communication. Consumers increasingly want to be able to rely 
on a good network. During the period of the COVID-19 pandemic 
in particular, we saw how important it was for an entire family to 
be online – both for the home workplace, when using streaming 
services, and for gaming. In our opinion, the in-home network and 
its quality are becoming increasingly relevant, partly due to the 
development of smart home devices that all run via the internet 
connection. We are visiting different parts of the country with our 
team to let customers experience the benefits of fiber. Last year, 
for example, we ran a campaign in Zeeland, which served as a 
model for our approach – local and focused on the wishes of the 
customers. We have always been the underdog in Zeeland, and 
have ensured that consumers have a choice.
The time for us to be commercially active is when excavation 
work is underway. We take extreme care around our customer 
communication, offering appropriate information at every 
moment in the customer journey. Good coordination with every 
layer in the construction process is essential, because with our 
national roll-out, dozens of construction flows are going at the 
same time. If we communicate early in the process, we have to stay 
sharp, becausei f the delivery date is uncertain, this requires us to 
clearly indicate to customers what they can expect and when.
We make the biggest difference if a customer’s connection was 
below par, and we can significantly improve it with fiber. This 
applies to both our consumers and business customers. A good 
example of this is the care farm ‘Ons Verlangen’ – a place where 
people with a special need for care or assistance can engage in a 
rewarding daytime activity. In terms of IT, the care farm came has 
come a long way. Previously, employees would have time to get 
all residents out of bed and make them breakfast for the time it 
took for the system to log in. Now, everything works instantly and 
employees can easily collaborate anywhere, anytime.
Customers who are already connected to fiber are generally 
more satisfied than customers who had a copper connection. 
This is reflected in our figures, the feedback from our customers, 
and the accolades received from reputable organizations such 
as Tweakers and Consumentenbond. We have do-it-yourself 
opportunities for our customers, to simple and fast activate the 
fiber connection self. The step towards further digitalization 
and the use of artificial intelligence to prevent problems is 
in full development and makes us an increasingly better 
service provider."
22 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 23:
Our value for stakeholders: Shareholder value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Providing attractive shareholder returns
2022 marked a year of further progress on our Accelerate to Grow strategy. We delivered 
on our upgraded 2022 outlook, with consistent Group service revenues and adjusted 
EBITDA AL growth, coupled with strong and improving free cash flow and a steadily 
increasing ROCE. Ultimately, this underpins the confidence in our ability to maintain 
healthy margins and growing free cash flow and together with our strong financial 
position, allows us to continue our progressive dividend policy and structurally return 
additional capital to shareholders.
KPI Result 2022 Result 2021
Adjusted EBITDA after leases1
€ 2,404m € 2,347m
Capex € 1,206m € 1,216m
Free cash flow1
€ 862m € 784m
Dividend per share € 14.3ct € 13.6ct
Share buyback € 300m € 200m
1 For definition see Appendices 2 and 15
Financial review
In 2022, we continued to make good progress against our 
strategic and financial ambitions. We continued to expand our 
fiber footprint, and together with Glaspoort we added a record 
number of fiber households. Jointly, we now cover more than 47% 
of the households in the Netherlands with fiber, and we are well on 
track to deliver 80% fiber coverage of Dutch households by 2026.
Throughout the year, we have consistently grown our Group 
service revenues, a clear proof point of the success of our strategy 
which is aimed at sustainable growth.
Whilst cost progress was affected by increased energy prices and 
one-off allowances to our staff, we achieved strong underlying 
productivity growth. Together with improving service revenue 
trends, cost savings enabled us to protect our margins, deliver 
solid EBITDA growth and exceed our guidance in terms of free 
cash flow delivery.
Revenues and other income
Adjusted revenues increased 1.4% y-on-y, mainly driven by higher 
Group service revenues (+1.5% y-on-y). Mass-market service 
revenues increased 1.9% y-on-y, driven by continued growth in 
SME, Wholesale and Consumer mobile.
Adjusted Consumer revenues were flat y-on-y, as higher non-
service & other revenues were offset by declining service 
revenues from KPN’s copper and legacy portfolio. Adjusted 
Consumer service revenues decreased 0.2% y-on-y.
23 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 24:
Our value for stakeholders: Shareholder value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Mobile service revenues grew 2.6% y-on-y, driven by solid 
base developments and growing ARPU. Fixed service revenues 
decreased -1.3% y-on-y, impacted by a structural decline in legacy, 
lower voice traffic and increased competition, putting pressure 
on commercial performance. Within fixed, fiber broadband 
service revenues continue to grow strongly (+16% y-on-y), 
offsetting the decline in copper (-12% y-on-y). KPN’s Fixed-mobile 
household base grew 29k to 1,525k and represents 56% of total 
Fixed households.
Adjusted Business revenues were up 2.1% y-on-y, supported by 
higher service and non-service revenues. B2B service revenue 
growth was mainly driven by strong and sustainable performance 
in SME (+8.8% y-on-y), driven by solid commercial momentum 
in both broadband and mobile. The LCE service revenue trend 
(-2.3% y-on-y), while still in decline over 2022, is moving in the right 
direction and showed progress throughout the year and even 
inflected to growth in the fourth quarter. Throughout the year, 
significant progress has been made in transforming the portfolio 
to future-proof solutions and the migration of LCE customers 
with traditional voice and legacy broadband services to the 
Smart Combinations portfolio is close to completion, leading to 
enhanced cross- and upsell possibilities. Revenues fromTailored 
Solutions increased with 0.8% y-on-y. This business always 
remains subject to timing in projects and related hardware sales.
In Wholesale, KPN continues its open access policy to offer access 
to third-party operators. Fiber contributes to continued growth of 
broadband network penetration. Adjusted revenues in Wholesale 
increased 3.9% y-on-y, largely driven by growing broadband and 
mobile service revenues. Adjusted Wholesale service revenues 
increased 4.1% y-on-y, driven by higher mobile and broadband 
service revenues. Mobile service revenues increased 14% y-on-y, 
driven by a growing mobile base and increased data volumes. 
Broadband service revenues increased 8.7% y-on-y, mainly due 
to a higher base compared to last year. Other service revenues 
declined by 8.4%, mainly due to lower regulated tariffs leading to a 
decrease in low-margin interconnect revenues and less COVID-19 
related traffic.
Adjusted revenues
In € million
+1.4%
5,2555,255 -1-1 3737 2626 1010 5,3275,327
Adj. revenues 2021 Consumer Business Wholesale Other (incl.
eliminations)
Adj. revenues 2022
Adjusted EBITDA AL
In € million
+2.4%
2,3472,347 7272 -54-54 3535 99 -4-4 2,4042,404
Adj. EBITDA after
leases 2021
Revenues Costs of goods &
services
Personnel
expenses
IT/TI Other operating
expenses¹
Adj. EBITDA after
leases 2022
1 Incl. lease-related expenses
24 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 25:
Our value for stakeholders: Shareholder value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Free cash flow
In € million
2,5602,560 -64-64 55 -220-220 -50-50 -1,206-1,206
-163-163 862862
EBITDA FY
2022
Change in
provisions
Change in
working capital
Interest paid Corporate
income tax
paid
Capex Other FCF 2022
Adjusted EBITDA AL
Adjusted EBITDA AL grew 2.4% and yielded 45.1% of revenues, 
an increase of 48bps compared to last year, driven by service 
revenue growth and lower indirect costs, partly offset by EUR 54m 
higher direct costs. Factors for this increase were the impact 
of higher non-service revenues such as handsets and hardware 
sales, third-party access costs such as Glaspoort, and a change in 
service revenue mix in B2B. Our personnel expenses decreased 
by EUR 35m, despite one-off allowances to our staff. This 
reflects improved efficiencies from digitalization as well as natural 
attrition. Ongoing efficiency improvements also helped lower 
IT/TI expenses. This was partly offset by other Opex, which rose 
on higher energy costs. In 2022, our indirect cost savings were 
EUR 38m. Ongoing efficiency program gains were partly offset by 
industry-wide inflationary pressures on energy and labor costs.
For information on financial and operational performance per 
segment, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Operating profit
Operating profit (EBIT) of EUR 1,214m decreased EUR 649m 
or 35% y-on-y, impacted by a one-off EUR 845m book gain 
related to the ‘Glaspoort’ transaction in 2021 and a EUR 47m 
book gain related to the periodic sale of assets to Glaspoort in 
FY 2022. Excluding all these incidentals, operating profit would 
have increased by EUR 150m y-on-y, driven by lower depreciation 
and amortization.
Financial income and expenses
Net finance expenses decreased in 2022 by EUR 7m to EUR 227m, 
mainly driven by higher finance income and lower interest 
expenses on senior and hybrid debt and other interest expenses, 
partly offset by higher interest rates on floating rate debt.
Income taxes
In 2022, KPN recognized a tax expense of EUR 227m (2021 
EUR 344m). KPN’s effective tax rate for 2022 is 23.0% (2021: 21.1%). 
The difference in effective tax rate is predominantly due to tax law 
changes, settlements with tax authorities, tax benefit perpetual 
instrument and changes in estimates.
KPN continues to qualify as an innovative company and therefore 
benefits from the innovation box tax regime, a facility under 
Dutch corporate income tax law whereby profits attributable to 
innovation are taxed at an effective rate of 9%.
For 2023, the effective tax rate is expected to be ~23%, excluding 
one-off effects. See Consolidated Financial Statements Note 8 
and Tax and regulations section for further information on KPN’s 
tax position.
Net profit
Net profit of EUR 766m decreased 40% y-on-y to EUR 517m 
y-on-y, impacted by the net effects of EUR 638m related to the 
‘Glaspoort’ transaction in 2021 and a EUR 47m book gain related 
to the periodic sale of assets to Glaspoort in 2022. Excluding these 
incidentals, net profit would have increased by EUR 101m or 16% 
y-on-y (net of tax), mainly driven by higher operating profit.
Free cash flow
Operational free cash flow of EUR 1,199m was 6.0% higher 
y-on-y due to higher EBITDA AL. Free cash flow of EUR 862m 
increased EUR 78m, or 9.9% y-on-y, driven by operational free 
cash flow generation, lower cash taxes paid and less cash 
restructuring costs.
25 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 26:
Our value for stakeholders: Shareholder value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Solid financial position
KPN had a strong balance sheet and liquidity position at the end 
of 2022. As at 31 December 2022, net debt amounted to EUR 5.4bn, 
EUR 128m higher compared to end of 2021. The movement in net 
debt is mainly related to various non-free cash flow items since the 
EUR 571m dividend payments and the EUR 300m share buyback 
program in 2022, were mostly offset by free cash flow generation 
during the year.
Nominal debt outstanding was EUR 6.4bn, including EUR 60m 
short-term commercial paper. KPN’s committed liquidity 
consisted of EUR 499m cash & short-term investments and 
a EUR 1.0bn undrawn revolving credit facility which covers debt 
maturities through 2024.
KPN remains committed to an investment grade credit profile 
and aims for a leverage ratio of <2.5x in the medium term. 
At 31 December 2022, the net debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.3x 
(31 December 2021: 2.3x). KPN’s interest cover ratio was 11.0x 
at the end of the fourth quarter (31 December 2021: 11.2x). At 
31 December 2022, the weighted average cost of senior debt 
was 3.52%, 83bps higher y-on-y (31 December 2021: 2.69%), the 
increase is mainly driven by higher short-term interest rates on 
floating rate debt. 
In March 2022, KPN redeemed a EUR 616m 4.25% bond. In the 
third quarter, KPN successfully issued a EUR 500m perpetual 
Green Hybrid Bond with a coupon of 6.00% per annum to replace 
the equity content of the 7.0% USD 600m hybrid bond with a 
first call date on 28 March 2023. This green hybrid bond further 
reinforces KPN's commitment to sustainability by aligning its 
ambitions into a core financing instrument. KPN also executed a 
tender offer for the USD 600m hybrid bond and has accepted 
a principal amount of USD 454m for purchase and cancellation. 
KPN will redeem the remaining outstanding principal amount 
(approximately USD 146m), first call date (28 March 2023) in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of this security.
At 31 December 2022, Group equity amounted to EUR 3,652m, 
EUR 422m higher compared to 31 December 2021 last year. This 
was mainly driven by the issuance of a EUR 500m perpetual 
hybrid bond and net profit generated during the year, partly offset 
by shareholder distributions. 
Capital allocation and shareholder remuneration
KPN continuously invests in its network infrastructure, products, 
customers and employees, resulting in high-quality fixed and 
mobile networks. KPN focuses on improving the customer 
experience by further investing in the capacity, reliability and 
stability of its integrated network.
These initiatives require significant investments in capital 
expenditure, working capital, spectrum licenses and acquisition 
opportunities that may arise from time to time. KPN aims to 
provide a progressive dividend per share, paid semi-annually, 
that will grow over time supported by its growing free cash flow. 
KPN’s successful execution of its strategy and multi-year cash 
generation perspective enables the company to complement its 
progressive regular dividend with a structural return of additional 
capital to its shareholders, subject to our actual and anticipated 
level of liquidity, leverage requirements and other relevant factors.
In 2022, KPN executed a share buyback of EUR 300m through 
which it repurchased approximately 92.8m shares at an average 
price of EUR 3.23 per share, 91.8m of the repurchased shares have 
been cancelled. KPN retained the remaining 1.0m shares to cover 
employee share plans. As per 31 December 2022, the total shares 
outstanding amounted to 4,037m, of which 3.6m Treasury shares.    
KPN aims to grow its regular dividends by 3-5% annually. In 
respect of 2022, KPN intends to pay a regular dividend per share 
of EUR 14.3 ct. The final dividend of EUR 9.5ct per share is 
subject to shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting 
of Shareholders on 12 April 2023. If approved, the provisional 
ex-dividend date is 14 April 2023, and the provisional payment 
date is 19 April 2023.
Outlook 2023
Outlook
2022
Achievements
2022
Outlook 
2023
Adj. EBITDA AL >€ 2,400m €2 ,404m ~€ 2,410m
Capex € 1.2bn € 1,206m € 1.2bn
Free cash flow ~€ 850m >€ 862m ~€ 870m
Regular DPS € 14.3ct € 14.3ct
+5.1% y-on-y1
€ 15.0ct 
+4.9% annual growth
Share buyback € 300m € 300m € 300m
1 To be proposed at the AGM on 12 April 2023
The 2023 adjusted EBITDA AL outlook is set at approximately 
EUR 2,410m. Capex will stay stable at EUR 1.2bn. The FY 2023 
free cash flow outlook is set at approximately EUR 870m. The 
expected dividend payout over 2023 is EUR 15.0 cents per share 
(+4.9% y-on-y). KPN’s execution of its strategy and multi-year 
cash generation enables KPN to structurally return additional 
capital to its shareholders. In this respect, KPN announces a 
new share buyback program of EUR 300m in 2023; effectively 
distributing our free cash flow to our shareholders.
26 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 27:
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Driving growth with engaged and 
motivated staff
KPN’s employees are crucial to accelerating business growth. Recruiting, developing, and 
retaining the right people and skills will make us a stronger, more agile, and more profitable 
business. We are shaping an inclusive and diverse organization and culture in which people 
make an impact.
KPI Result 2022 Result 2021
Employee survey score for engagement 81% 82%
Overall women at KPN 22% 22%
Women on KPN Boards 43% 36%
Shaping a culture in which people make an impact
In our ongoing quest to promote and foster sustainable 
employability, we continue to invest in our people. Also we create 
and maintain a organization and structure we need for sustainable 
business growth. We intend to make a success of our strategy 
by shaping a culture built on our core values: trust, showing 
courage and aiming for growth. Together with our purpose, this 
forms our internal culture. We challenge our employees to develop 
themselves on our core values. Our culture is further described 
in our Code of Conduct. To safeguard the culture, there are 
consequences for breaking the Code of Conduct. 
Several themes have emerged in 2022: the war for talent; efforts 
to develop our workforce to make sure it can facilitate KPN’s 
growth; strengthening the ‘growth mindset’ among our people, 
and strengthening the leadership skills needed for growth.
In 2022, we again highlighted how important it is to talk about 
desirable and undesirable behavior - whether this concerns 
discrimination, sexual intimidation, aggression, bullying or other 
matters. We emphasized that if people come across any of these 
issues, KPN is always available to address these through our 
open culture supported by resources such as SpeakUp line and 
confidential advisers.
Our way of working encourages people to learn and be open 
about mistakes. Those who never make mistakes may be too 
risk averse. We also learn by pushing boundaries. However, 
if things go wrong, we must take the time to talk about it. 
The Pulse measurement in 2022 showed that engagement 
is positively influenced by ‘Het Goede Gesprek’, our internal 
employee performance management method. There was an 
increase in engagement of 9% for employees who conducted ‘Het 
Goede Gesprek’ one time compared to employees who had none.
Our sustainable employability strategy remained unaltered. 
Employee experience, business needs, and our role in society 
are paramount in this strategy. We strive to support, stimulate, 
and develop our people, so they make a positive impact on their 
colleagues, our customers, business and society at large. Our Chief 
People Officer is a Board of Management member. She leads the 
drive to shape the culture of KPN, engage employees, and manage 
both the ‘hard’ and ‘soft’ elements of performance.
Strengthening our ‘growth mindset’
As integral part of our 'accelerate to grow' strategy, we have 
focussed on strengthening and nourishing a 'growth mindset' 
in our company. This means enhancing awareness about our 
purpose, and building on and strengthening our core values of 
courage, trust and growth. We wanted to give our leaders the tools 
to promote a growth-oriented corporate culture and attitude.
27 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 28:
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Firstly, our top 60 leaders gathered for a two-day training event to 
hone their skills in building and strengthening a culture conducive 
to business growth. We also organized sessions for KPN’s top 300 
leaders, with the same purpose. Our Network 300 is a platform 
for KPN’s top 300 leaders to engage more in our strategy and 
changes. Over the course of the year, enhancing awareness of 
the need to strengthen the growth mindset became part of our 
leadership programs for of all levels of management.
Mobility
In 2022, we continued our focus on KPN's internal mobility. 
Training and developing our employees improves their positions 
at both KPN and in the wider labor market. Given KPN's growth 
path and the increased need for talent, it has become more 
important than ever before to make sure that our people can hone 
their skills and develop new capabilities. Our internal recruitment 
tool, KPN Match, offered 1,518 vacancies and 2,093 colleagues 
applied for jobs using this tool.
We support employees who are or may be affected by 
a reorganization to find jobs externally. We continued our 
collaboration with the Dutch Ministry of Defense, which regularly 
has openings that suit employees leaving KPN. We are a 
member of Buitenboordmotor, a national project involving Dutch 
companies and organizations that help people make career 
changes and find jobs in a sector that suits them and where the 
need for talent is highest. This includes IT, technology, and the 
Dutch health sector.
CHALLENGE
Recruiting the staff we need is a challenge in the tight and 
competitive labor market. It takes longer than before to recruit 
new people. Vacancies also remain open longer, so our teams 
have to do the same work temporarily with fewer people. This 
can be detrimental to their workload and well-being. It can 
also lead to absenteeism, which further increases the workload 
of the remaining team members. For this reason, our labor 
market communication is a key focus, as are our initiatives to 
protect and promote the well-being and vitality of our people.
To facilitate growth, we stepped up efforts to recruit new staff 
externally. These initiatives are in addition to our existing and 
ongoing programs to help people internally develop themselves 
and gain the skills needed for a changing business and 
market environment.
We expanded our recruitment media campaigns, ramping up our 
effort to position KPN as an employer of choice. Recruiting more 
people externally became more relevant as we are needing new 
skills, and because attrition was higher than in previous years. 
Nevertheless, it remained significantly lower than our industry’s 
attrition benchmark. Although it took longer than in previous 
years to find the right people, we managed to attract about 350 
new colleagues, twice as many as in the previous year. Despite this, 
our total number of employees decreased in 2022.
Also in 2022, we offer diverse tracks in this program to meet the 
needs of young talents who are keen to specialize in specific areas, 
such as finance and data and analytics. We also introduced a new 
Tech Talent Program (TTP), a two year program aiming to recruit 
and train developers from all over the world to strengthen the KPN 
tech workforce.
We also believe that sustainable employability is our responsibility 
as an employer. That is why we have set ourselves the target that 
more than 80% of employees will find a new job within one year 
of leaving KPN. In 2022, we scored 88% (2021: 79%).
Employee engagement
We are committed to engaging our employees and making them 
proud. We aspire to make KPN a great place to work. It is our 
vision that people should not only commit to a job because of 
what the job itself entails, but also because they can feel part of 
their teams and our company, and contribute to KPN’s business 
and societal goals. We experienced a good example of team 
spirit and employee engagement in the summer months of 2022, 
when several dozen of our employees, including senior managers, 
volunteered to help in our KPN stores across the country. This 
gave store employees the opportunity to take a day off, something 
that would otherwise have not been possible.
Around 66% of staff participated in our employee engagement 
survey in 2022. The latest survey showed that 81% of respondents 
feel engaged at KPN. This is one percentage point lower 
compared to 2021, while higher than in the pre-COVID years. 
The survey revealed continued pride in the company, trust in the 
board’s decision-making and employees’ willingness to go the 
extra mile.
In this year’s survey, employees in several parts of the business 
indicated that they had experienced unhealthy stress. This is 
mainly caused due to work pressure. There is higher attrition 
and unfilled vacancies, giving the current team members more 
work. The survey also showed that some employees found it 
more difficult to strike the right work-life balance. During the 
COVID-19 years, employees seemed to adjust to working from 
home smoothly. In 2022, some had issues around switching 
between free time and doing their work at home.
28 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 29:
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
To help resolve some of these issues, we started offering 
employees training and courses via GoodHabitz, an online 
learning platform with a wide range of various courses and 
useful tips when it comes to well-being, including mental well-
being. Also, we partnered with OpenUp – a platform where KPN 
employees can manage their mental well-being in an accessible 
way. This is done by courses, health checks, interviews and 
one-on-one conversations with a psychologist via chat, telephone 
or video calling.
Absenteeism at KPN remained in line with the nationwide trend 
in the Netherlands, which was still associated with the number 
of COVID-19 infections and the effects of ‘long COVID’. While 
the length of absence is decreasing, we see an increase in 
reporting frequency which also reflects the increase in short-term 
absenteeism. Part of the longer-lasting absenteeism is mental 
health challenges, which poses a dilemma for us. It is difficult to 
assess to what extent these mental conditions are linked to work 
pressure – something we as a company would need to address 
and reduce – or to developments in wider society. As it is hard to 
assess causes, it is also challenging to assess what a solution could 
be. We continue to explore if and how we can address mental 
causes of absenteeism.
To help employees cope with the rising costs of living resulting 
from inflation, we gave employees a one-time cost of living 
compensation of net EUR 350 for the lower half of our 
salary spectrum and EUR 150 for the higher salary segment. 
In December we also gave employees a compensation of 
net EUR 400 for employees and EUR 675 gross payment 
for temporary workers in relation to our new collective labor 
agreement. This financial support was very well received. Also we 
offer employees confronted with financial difficulties, KPN debt 
counseling. Whilst this is not new, it has become more relevant.
All employees are responsible for their own vitality and health. As 
an employer, we support our employees by giving them a healthy 
working environment and opportunities that enable them to take 
that responsibility. In 2022, we continued to offer our employees 
a budget of EUR 1,500 to spend on personal development. 
Besides this, we have an additional budget of EUR 1,000 available 
for technical craftmanship for our employees with a technical 
background. In 2022, our employees used this budget and spent 
on average EUR 1,552 (2021: EUR 1,499) on training per FTE.
Despite our efforts to be a safe and inclusive workplace, there were 
229 (2021: 248) reported incidents concerning discrimination 
or aggression involving employees. These reported incidents 
were mainly resulting from the behavior of customers. Also, we 
developed a toolkit for managers with conversation starters about 
undesirable behavior including how you deal with each other, 
what you do in bad situations, and how to prevent those situations.
Hybrid working
Offering hybrid working has become a prerequisite to attracting 
new talent in the competitive labor market. Also, our current staff 
expects to be able to combine remote and on-site working. At 
KPN, we want to accommodate hybrid working where possible. 
It fits with our commitment to helping people maintain a healthy 
work-life balance. Our 'How we work' initiative offers ways to 
experiment with different models of hybrid working and finding 
the right work-life balance.
After the COVID-19 pandemic subsided and most COVID-19 
related restrictions had disappeared, people were allowed to 
come back to the office, starting in April 2022. We continued 
exploring the best split between remote and on-site working, 
taking different employee categories into account. We believe that 
working on-site for at least a significant part of the working week 
is crucial for maintaining a good and productive team spirit and 
sense of belonging at KPN.
Adopting a hybrid way of working is complex and requires us all to 
be adaptive to the new situation. Both managers and employees 
will have to find their way regarding trust, initiative and organizing 
the work in a manner that fits to the needs of all parties and the 
work at hand.
Our office ratio showed that we work 70% from home and 30% 
at the office. As of April 2022, all COVID-19 measures for KPN 
personnel were lifted. Employees spent more time at the office, 
moving to the expected balance of 40% working at the office. In 
line with the new way of working and our ambitions on energy 
reduction we have announced to leave our office in The Hague.
29 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 30:
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Diversity and inclusivity
Our ambition is to be best-in-class when it comes to diversity 
and inclusion in our sector. We want to be an appealing, safe and 
inclusive workplace where every person can be themselves. It is 
our belief that we, as a company at the heart of Dutch society, 
perform better if we are a true representation of Dutch society. We 
also believe that all people are entitled to participate in the labor 
market, and as a large employer we feel a responsibility to facilitate 
this. We provide equal opportunities for successful careers and 
strive to create a sustainable culture where people’s differences 
are valued and put to good use, bringing out the best in our 
people and company. If our employees can safely and proudly be 
themselves, it will help them, and our company, grow.
Due to regulations surrounding the recording of personal data, it 
is difficult to get accurate insights about diversity categories other 
than gender. In 2023, we are considering asking employees more 
about their cultural background and/or identity, on a voluntary 
basis. This data will help us determine the workforce composition 
in terms of cultural background. Although we would like to analyze 
other components, such as pay-gap and performance evaluation, 
for example, we currently cannot oversee the possibility of 
connecting the right data in order to provide such insights.
Gender diversity
In 2022, we set up new targets for gender diversity, with a specific 
focus on different job levels. These targets are part of our action 
plan according to the new growth-quota legislation that applies 
to us. The targets for sub top and personal labour agreement 
(PLA) are part of the LTI (2022-2024) for senior leaders, as 
non-financial KPI (weight 15%). We ensure accountability and 
continuous steering on these important measures.
With a score of 22% (all workforce), we just fell short of the target 
of 23%. We attribute this mainly to the fact that we have many 
technical positions. Of all people working in ICT, only about 20% 
are women. We score in line with the market.
Women in KPN's workforce
Target 
2022
Realization 
2022
Target 
2023
Target 
2024
Supervisory Board1 33.3% 50% 33.3% 33.3%
Sub Top2 32.5% 29% 33.5% 35%
PLA 27.5% 27% 29.9% 34%
≥ scale 12 25% 18% 30% t.b.d.
All workforce 23% 22% 24% 24%
1 The targets for the Supervisory Board are according to the Gender Balance Act, which 
prescribes at least 1/3rd woman and 1/3rd man in Supervisory Boards
2 Direct reports to the Board of Management in management positions
To increase diversity in our senior management (top 60), we 
installed a new approach, the so called Team compositions. 
Supported by data we review the team on several aspects, such as 
gender, age, and years of service. It is our policy to have no more 
than 70% of one of the diversity dimensions in one team. During 
a period of 1.5 year we agree to adhere to this policy. The SER 
recognized this as an innovative and beste practice approach and, 
in recognition nominated KPN for the Diversity Awards 2022.
We run activities such as mentoring and talent programs, and 
leadership events with a focus on diversity. We also post a range 
of communications on the intranet to inform, inspire and create 
awareness on this topic. KPN believes that investing in diversity in 
IT and technical jobs is important, so we have a specific focus on 
attracting women to the technical departments of our company. 
We do this through our internal women’s network and organizing 
inspiring in-house events.
LGBTQIA+ and cultural diversity
We are committed to creating a workplace where lesbian, gay, 
bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, asexual people and people 
with other sexual and/or gender identities (LGBTQIA+) are valued 
and can be themselves. Our KPN Pride platform addresses 
LGBTQIA+ issues directly related to working at KPN.
During Amsterdam Pride in the summer, we launched ‘Loud & 
Proud’, a major campaign to make Dutch citizens more aware of 
the role we play in supporting the LGBTQIA+ community. For the 
Pride boat procession on the Amsterdam canals, we invited three 
DJs from LGBTQIA+-hostile countries onto our boat to give them 
a stage in the Netherlands as well as globally through a livestream 
on the DJMag platform. We reached more than eight million 
people with this campaign.
Our internal network Kleurrijk KPN works to increase 
understanding and respect for each other by talking about 
different cultural backgrounds and sharing which rituals, 
preferences, interests, and customs belong to these backgrounds. 
Despite everything we already do, we will continue to work for the 
inclusiveness of our employees and customers.
People at a disadvantage in the labor market
In an effort to help people find sustainable employment, we hire 
people who are at a disadvantage in the labor market since 2015. 
We do this in our apprenticeship company, where we provide 
work experience in the customer service field, combined with 
vocational education on MBO 3 level. In 2022, 4 people joined the 
program; 86% graduated and 57% found a paid job within three 
months in or outside of KPN.
30 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 31:
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Also, we work proactively to make our workplace more accessible 
for employees who are sight or hearing impaired. In 2022, we 
included Speaksee in our workplace solutions - a tool that helps 
people with strong hearing impairments to join group meetings 
again. Speaksee captures speech and transcribes it into text. 
Every office has one so called Hub and four employees have a 
private hub.
Collective Labor Agreement
The new collective labor agreement for 2023 has been finalized 
before the end-date of the CLA 2022. The CLA for 2023 contains 
several aspects that benefit our employees in unprecedented 
times. This includes an increase in the minimum gross hourly 
wage, a collective raise based on function level and a one-time 
net payment of EUR 400 for all employees (and EUR 675 gross 
payment for temporary workers).
We are very aware that we need to become more diverse from 
a cultural and socio-economic point of view since we want to 
represent the Dutch society as it is. To give employees more 
flexibility in celebrating holidays that are important for them, 
we introduced the opportunity within our CLA to exchange 
Ascension Day for a holiday of choice.
Pension
The Dutch government, unions and employers reached an 
agreement in 2020 on a new pension system, which brought 
changes affecting employees, former employees and retirees. The 
implementation of this new pension system was postponed until 
1 July 2023. Companies will have until 1 January 2027 to adjust their 
pension schemes to the new regulations. We will implement this 
on the basis of the new regulations.
Travel and lease cars
As part of our ambition to reduce our ecological footprint, we 
reduced our fleet of company leased cars by 360 in 2022. For 
2025, our target is that our inflow of fossil fuel free cars to 
company fleet is 98%. As a result our fleet, including engineer 
cars, will be close to 100% fossil fuel free per 2030. We offer our 
employees a mobility package, allowing them to travel by train, 
lease bicycle or, if necessary, to use one of the cars in our company 
car-sharing program to visit clients or company facilities located 
in remote regions.
We consider ourselves a company that invests in sustainability 
and cherishes its societal role as crucial to recruiting and retaining 
of talented people. Our social initiatives, such as promoting digital 
inclusion or supporting people with debt problems, create a sense 
of belonging, which we see as an important element of sustainable 
employability. We want to be open to what comes our way in the 
near future and respond to it flexibly. We keep listening to the 
voice of our employees.
31 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 32:
Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Connecting the Netherlands 
to a sustainable future
ICT is key to solving societal challenges
The many challenges that take place simultaneously, like 
climate change, extreme inflation, geopolitical tension and labor 
shortage change the context for our lives and businesses. 
Telecommunication services can have a positive impact and 
contribute to solutions. We provide services like teleworking 
which saves travel time and emissions, our innovations help 
businesses to be more efficient, and we improve our networks to 
use less energy and materials. We have a strong focus on security 
and we aim to connect as many people as possible, ranging 
from deploying nationwide telecommunications networks to 
providing inclusive, products and services and put in extra effort 
to support customers with payment difficulties by committing to 
the additional declaration of intent from the Dutch Association for 
Public Credit (NVVK). Also we are combatting loneliness through 
our foundation.
We continue our strong support of the UN SDGs as a shared 
ambition for peace and prosperity for people and the planet. 
We have identified three SDGs we believe we can contribute to 
most, as an employer, business partner, and telecommunication-
services provider.
Each of these SDGs presents an opportunity to provide solutions 
while reminding us to act in a responsible way. We have tied our 
strategy to each of the SDGs summarized on the next page. We 
work to embed ESG themes in our organization through a secure 
future-proof infrastructure and by focusing on social and digital 
inclusion, energy efficiency, and circularity. All three topics are 
discussed throughout our Integrated Annual Report.
KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds connects lonely people
Loneliness is a major issue in Dutch society. The most recent 
Adult and Elderly Health Monitor survey by GGD's, CBS and 
RIVM (measurement year 2020) shows that 47% of the adults 
feel lonely. Of the people aged over 75 years, even 56% stated 
they feel lonely. Since 2007, KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds has 
supported vulnerable groups by financing several large projects 
in partnership with NGOs. The foundation is supported by KPN 
employees, our IT resources and financial assistance. We had 
1,889 participants and 1,059 volunteers at our events and received 
1,478 voluntary contributions to our fund in 2022.
Through our most important and longest-running KlasseContact 
project, we connect housebound chronically ill children to their 
classroom via an IT device, the KPN Klasgenoot. We connected 
691 chronically ill children to KlasseContact.
In March we launched a new initiative together with the KNVB: 
‘FC Mooiste Contact’. FC Mooiste Contact connects lonely people 
through soccer. During the match of the Dutch national team 
against Germany, we invited 500 guests guided by 250 KPN 
volunteers. This was the start of ‘FC Mooiste Contact’: a club that 
plays in a different composition every match. In the coming years, 
the club will 'select' thousands of lonely people to attend the home 
games of the Orange Lions and Lionesses.
The Oranje Fonds and the KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds have 
joined forces. Together, they offer 18 social entrepreneurs a 
three-year trajectory in the program Entrepreneurship against 
Loneliness. Our foundation helps The Oranje Fonds further 
turning their businesses into successful ventures. Not only by 
providing financial support but also with knowledge-sharing 
in workshops, coaching, access to a relevant network and 
national visibility. In this way, we are aiming to make a structural 
contribution to the reduction of loneliness in the Netherlands.
Despite the fact that the world has opened up again, post-COVID, 
many elderly people remain anxious about becoming infected. 
This means, that despite needing social contact, they go out less. 
Last year, we made many elderly people happy with a virtual visit 
to the Rijksmuseum. Due to this success, we started a new series 
of virtual reality tours in April 2022, in which 4,000 elderly people 
were able to experience a a virtual-reality museum visit.
32 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 33:
Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Innovative
Secure, future-proof infrastructure
Inclusive
Social and digital inclusion
Sustainable
Environmental impact
Approach
Innovation gives meaning to technology. Our aim is to 
keep Internet secure and our customers must be able to 
trust that our services are safe. We serve customers in 
the field of public security, defense, industry, transport, 
and the maritime sector.
Approach
Our technology contributes to a connected society. We 
want to be an appealing, safe and inclusive workplace. 
We provide internet access for everyone and promote 
social and digital inclusion by making our services 
accessible for all.
Approach
We deploy our infrastructure and networks to co-create 
solutions for a more sustainable use of the environment. 
We reduce negative environmental impact by the way 
we produce, use and recycle our equipment.
Ambitions
Networks:
• 2026: ~80% coverage of households with FttH 
(together with joint venture Glaspoort)
• 2023: 98% 5G population coverage
Security:
• 2023: 95% of technical employees are 
SecurX certified1
• 2025: 75% SME KPN EEN customers that activates 
safe Internet
Ambitions
Social and digital inclusion:
• 2023: 60% of participants apprenticeship company 
found a paid job within 3 months
• 2025: PSO certification Tier 1
• 2023: KPN MCF provides 100% of eligible chronically 
ill children with a KPN Klasgenoot
Diversity:
• 2025: 25% of women at KPN
• 2025: 35 % Women in sub top KPN2
Ambitions
Energy:
• 2025: Scope 1: 98% fossil fuel free cars added to 
company fleet in reporting year
• 2030: Scope 2: Electricity consumption by KPN Group 
reduced to < 400GWh compared to 2010
• 2040: Scope 3: Net zero CO2e emissions
Circularity:
• 2023: Reuse and recycling: 85%
Key results
Networks:
• 2022: 3.56m households covered with FttH
Security:
• 2022: 69% of Dutch people that believe their data is 
safe with KPN
• 2022: 52% SME KPN EEN customers that activated 
safe Internet
Healthcare:
• 2022: 100,019 professionals had secure digital access 
to healthcare information
Key results
Social and digital inclusion:
• 2022: 10,830 clients and patients used healthcare 
facilities to live with more autonomy
• 2022: 100% of eligible chronically ill children provided 
with a KPN Klasgenoot
• 2022: Teletolk carried out 32,165 mediations and 
261,924 calling minutes
• 2022: More than >30,000 customers with 
problematic debts received support in line with the 
NVVK covenant
• 2022: More than 2,300 customers successfully 
guided to the NSR (Dutch Debt Relief Route) to 
aid them with their financial situation
• 2022: Speaksee, a microphone system able 
to transcribe group conversations, available for 
Business Market and in 10 KPN offices
• 2022: MijnKPN app and iTV made more accessible 
for people with visual impairment
Diversity:
• 2022: 22% women at KPN
• 2022: 4 people employed and 86% graduated with 
poor labor market prospects
Key results
Energy:
• 2022: Energy consumption by KPN Group reduced by 
48% compared to 2010
• 2022: CO2e reduction of 37% in the value chain 
compared to 2014
• 2022: 100% climate-neutral (scope 1 + 2)
Circularity:
• 2022: 86% reuse and recycling
Helping customers to save energy:
• 2022: Customers saved as much energy as 170% 
of KPN's energy consumption and saved around 
311 kilotons of CO2e emissions, 964tons of PM10 
(particulate matter), and EUR 170m in energy costs 
by using KPN services and products
Biodiversity:
• Cooperation with Groene Netten and Naturalis to 
integrate biodiversity into our operations
Key initiatives
• We support innovators by forming partnerships with 
technology partners that operate globally, finding 
new potential partners like scale-ups and start-ups 
in the European ecosystem and by investing in scale-
ups to make use of their know-how and product
• We expand our business with new growth areas on 
our network services and by enabling the energy 
transition via Secure Data Exchange Services
Key initiatives
• KPN MCF provides 100% of eligible chronically ill 
children with a KPN Klasgenoot
• KPN MCF Entrepreneurship against loneliness (with 
Oranjefonds)  supports 18 social entrepreneurs
• We set gender inflow targets on leadership programs
Key initiatives
• We intensify supplier engagement on carbon 
reductions in value chain (90% coverage in 2024)
• We work on circular services based on hardware 
owned  by KPN & Partners  
• We will apply frameworks SBTN, TNFD nature 
inclusive infra/offices/services/value chain in 2025
• We steer on realized improvements based on 
Corrective Action Plans JAC-audits (80% in 2023)
1 In TDO (Networks, B2B Solutions & CISO)
2 Direct reports to the Board of Management in management positions 33 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 34:
Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Sponsorship
For many years, KPN has been a sponsor in the world of 
sports (Dutch Eredivisie, KNVB, E-sports, gaming and TEAMKPN 
Sportfonds), in the arts and culture sector (Rijksmuseum, 
Boijmans van Beuningen, the Royal Concertgebouw) and in 
society in general (KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds). All our 
sponsorship activations contribute to our strong brand image, 
reputation and business goals. Since March 2022, most COVID-19 
restrictions were lifted. As a sponsor, KPN was able to go all 
out again to support our partners and connect fans throughout 
the Netherlands with our sponsorships, campaigns and events. 
In 2022, we spent EUR 3.5m on donations, sponsoring and 
community projects.
Sports  
Soccer  
KPN has been the main sponsor of the Eredivisie and partner of 
the KNVB since 2017. In July, the KNVB, together with KPN as 
one of the partners, organized "Camping of Orange" at the KNVB 
Campus in Zeist, where customers and employees were invited to 
experience the European Championship Women's Soccer. They 
watched the matches of our Orange Lionesses and spent the 
night in tents with their families at the campsite.
For the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™, KPN decided not to travel 
to Qatar but to focus on creating an 'Orange atmosphere' in the 
Netherlands instead. Together with the KNVB and partners, we 
transformed the Johan Cruijff ArenA into the House of Orange, the 
official Orange fan event of the KNVB in the Netherlands. About 
100,000 fans were able to enjoy four performances by various 
artists, World Cup matches of the Dutch national team on mega-
screens, inspired commentary and spectacular halftime shows.
E-sports and gaming
KPN is a sponsor of E-sports and gaming, with a focus on 
e-soccer, and brings together the best e-gamers in the popular 
game FIFA. We are naming partner of the KPN eDivisie and 
partner of E_Oranje, the official national team that represents 
the Netherlands during E-interlands. In June, KPN was naming 
partner of the GG22 festival in Maastricht, the largest sports 
gaming festival in Europe with the KPN eDivisie Finals as 
participating E-sports competition. At the event, we introduced 
the KPN Gaming Truck to promote our fiber and 5G capabilities 
among gamers for the ultimate gaming experience. KPN 
partnered with Team5pm (The Youtube Agency) for the Legend 
of Gaming campaign. For this partnership we, together with 
Team5pm, won a DIGIDAY and Lovie award.
TEAMKPN Sportfonds
Through the TEAMKPN Sportfonds, KPN supports sports teams 
representing the Netherlands at top sporting events such as 
the European Championship, the World Cup or the Olympics. 
Every year, the fund assists one or more Dutch national sports 
teams financially. In 2022, to help teams realize their ambitions, 
we supported beach tennis, wheelchair rugby, basketball and 
canoe sprint.
Art and culture  
Rijksmuseum
Since 2013, as main sponsor of the Rijksmuseum, it is our mission 
to make its internationally renowned art collection accessible to 
everyone in the Netherlands and across the globe, both in the 
actual museum and online. To ensure that art remains accessible 
and appealing to younger and future generations, KPN supports 
the Rijksmuseum in making the museum’s artworks available 
to view online for free in high resolution, for instance through 
the Rijksmuseum app. In March and October, we organized 
a livestreamed tour through the museum for thousands of 
customers and employees. And we invited more than 10,000 
customers to the Rijksmuseum during the KPN Klantmaand. 
Together with the museum, we started a new program among 
primary schools where children can experience the museum with 
a special VR tour.
Depot Boijmans van Beuningen
KPN is sponsor of the Depot Boijmans Van Beuningen in 
Rotterdam. Not only is this building storing the Museum Boijmans 
Van Beuningen’s artwork collection during the renovation of the 
museum building, but visitors can also view the artworks there. 
The best works from KPN’s own art collection are displayed in this 
unique building.
Royal Concertgebouw
Music connects people, which is why we support the Royal 
Concertgebouw in Amsterdam with our ICT and telecom solutions 
and a yearly financial contribution.
34 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 35:
Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Reputation and recognition
Being rooted in and firmly connected to the Netherlands, we 
value our reputation dearly. Although KPN provides vital services 
to society, businesses and consumers we are well aware that 
our reputation is based not merely based on the quality of our 
networks or products. People also base their view of KPN on the 
perception they have about the way we do business, how we act as 
a corporate citizen and how we behave as a large employer in the 
Netherlands. The overall perception that is shaped around KPN 
by stakeholders and society, both online and offline, determines 
to a large extent our license to operate and hence our potential 
to grow.
KPN continued to show strong results in RepTrak, the 
international standard to measure reputation, in 2022. KPN leads 
the benchmark in the telecom industry and widened the gap to 
the combined average of the top 30 largest Dutch companies that 
continuously track their reputation score. Ending with an overall 
reputation score of 73.6 in the last quarter of 2022, we witnessed a 
small drop of 0.8 points compared to the last quarter of 2021 (74.4). 
All underlying reputation drivers remains in the ‘strong’ zone, and 
with a consistent lead in the benchmark, we maintained our track 
record as a company with a strong reputation.
Over the past few years, the way in which businesses act on 
ESG-related (Environmental, Social, and Governance) matters has 
become more important in terms of public perception. These 
matters continue to feature highly on the agenda of our Board 
of Management and we regularly monitor our ambitions to have 
a positive influence on society. As a result of our ESG-efforts, 
KPN was awarded the number one spot in the telecom sector on 
the Dutch Sustainable Brand Index, a perception-based ranking 
that reflects the public's view of how sustainable they believe a 
company is.
35 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 36:
Our performance: Network infrastructure
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Continuing our digital transformation and 
offering the best networks
We made solid progress with our fiber roll-out strategy by covering 3.56m households 
in 2022. We continued to upgrade our mobile network, reaching 5G population coverage 
of 96%. Our efforts in both network domains have been recognized as best in class by 
external benchmarks.
KPI Result 2022 Result 2021
FttH households 3.56m 3.22m
Sites 5G ready 5,072 4,000
Average 5G download speed at year-end 189 Mbps 207 Mbps1
1 Restated number due to improved calculation methodology
Infrastructure is one of the key strategic elements – and one on 
which we continue to deliver solid progress. The Netherlands is 
building a high-quality, future-proof digital infrastructure based 
on fiber and 5G, enabling a first-class internet experience. And 
with our strategy, we are playing a leading role in this. To this end, 
2022 was a year of growth and achievement. We remained firmly 
on course with the strategy we have set – making some tweaks to 
reflect our focus, continuing to expand our fiber footprint, further 
upgrading our mobile network, shutting down legacy systems and 
planning to shutdown copper.
Sharpening network strategy
Our plans to expand and modernize our networks rest on 
three pillars:
1) The best converged smart infrastructure
2) Accelerate digital transformation
3) Security & robustness first
In 2022, we sharpened two of these pillars to reflect areas of 
renewed focus. We changed ‘Enable digital transformation’ to 
‘Accelerate digital transformation’ to emphasize our progress and 
the importance and speed of digital transformation. We laid the 
groundwork for this acceleration in 2021, and 2022 was about 
delivering on it.
For the third pillar, we switched from 'Intelligent and efficient 
operation' to ‘Security & robustness first’, which underlines the 
importance of security. Security has to be part of everyday 
work and is everyone’s responsibility. In 2022, we made security 
ownership part of the DNA of the organization. We also have 
a universal pillar, calling it ‘operational excellence’. Emphasizing 
that operational excellence goes across all departments and 
strategic priorities.
36 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 37:
Our performance: Network infrastructure
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Expanded footprint
We made solid progress on our 5G coverage target in 2022, 
ending the year on around 5,072 sites, which is close to 100%. 
This resulted in us being named the best mobile network by 
benchmarking experts.
Thanks in part to 5G, mobile gaming and e-sports became 
even more popular in 2022. Subscriptions are now available that 
support gaming via the cloud and KPN’s network meets the needs 
of even the most demanding gamers.
For fiber roll-out, we expanded our footprint to 3.56m households. 
This year, we ended our own fiber roll-out with348k homes 
passed. Together with Glaspoort, our joint venture, we rolled out 
more fiber than in 2021.
Roll-out shortfalls can be attributed to several factors: an 
increasingly competitive environment and a shortage in labor 
capacity caused by the macro-economic situation.
CHALLENGE
It was a year marked by many crises, including inflation and 
energy challenges. We were somewhat protected as around 
88% of our energy consumption for 2022 was bought before 
2022, but in other respects we felt the impact of market 
disruptions like all other players in our industry.
Mobile network improvements
We worked to make our mobile network faster and more energy 
efficient to ensure we can continue to provide our best-in-class 
network to businesses and consumers. We continued to invest 
heavily in the complete modernization of our mobile network, 
with more capacity and coverage being made available to 
KPN customers.
In 2022, we upgraded 1,072 sites by fitting the latest mobile 
equipment, resulting in 5,072 sites modernized by year-end 2022. 
With an average maximum download speed of 189 Megabits per 
second (Mbps) for 5G at the end of year. Our current population 
coverage for 5G is 96%. Our modernized network also improves 
our service to 4G users, giving them faster speeds and more 
capacity. At the same time, we took actions to make our mobile 
network more energy efficient.
In March 2022, we marked a milestone event, finally phasing 
out our third-generation mobile network. 3G was launched in 
the Netherlands in 2003 and served its purpose for almost 20 
years, ensuring the breakthrough of the smartphone and mobile 
internet. But now its mobile technology is obsolete. Since the 
data needs of customers are only increasing, KPN will use the 
frequencies and capacity of 3G for our 4G and 5G services. This 
also delivers an energy saving.
Rationalizing and simplifying
As we introduce new technologies and infrastructure, we are also 
rationalizing, simplifying, and, making our current network more 
efficient, underscoring our commitment to operational excellence. 
This rationalization also means we need much less physical space 
for our networks and associated equipment.
KPN completed its move to an all-IP network in 2022, shutting 
down legacy systems such as the transport networks TDM, SDH/
STM. Not only did we switch off technologically, but we offered our 
customers more IP-based product sets. We also expect to start the 
phase-out of copper in various regions in the beginning of 2023. 
Also, we achieved a new milestone in our fixed network mid-2022, 
with our fiber retail broadband base surpassing copper.
We focus strongly on operational excellence to make sure the 
operational stability of our network is better than the previous 
year, and that there are ongoing improvements in terms of 
rationalization, simplification, and operational efficiency.
Maintaining our network
With many customers preferring to work from home the need for a 
stable network is high. In 2022, there were no nationwide outages 
of KPN's mobile and fixed networks.
We were able to resolve issues with minimal impact on our 
network stability. Our service availability on fixed internet was 
99.99% (2021: 99.99.%) and for mobile 99.98% (2021: 99.99%).
Maintaining the stability of our network is a constant priority. To 
ensure our service availability, we have designed our network to 
be robust with back-ups and redundancies. KPN Service Quality 
Centre and its teams have mitigating procedures in place and are 
quick to respond to possible network performance issues.
Going hand in hand with stability is security. With technology 
so much part of our lives, secure internet and protection of 
data and personal details are becoming increasingly important. 
Cybersecurity was very much top of our agenda in 2022. It was 
a year of change in how we structured and organized security at 
KPN. We directed time and effort into developing the governance 
aspect of security throughout the year, as well as embedding 
security throughout the entire organization.
37 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 38:
Our performance: Network infrastructure
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Together with foreign telecom operators, KPN processed record 
amounts of data traffic from Dutch people during the summer 
holidays. Around 60% more data was consumed from holiday 
addresses compared to last summer. This shows that the Dutch 
are more eager to travel than in the summer of 2021.
CHALLENGE
We are constantly working to balance the energy consumption 
of our network with sustainability concerns. We want to give 
our customers the best possible solutions and experience, 
but we also need to weigh this up against energy usage. For 
instance, each mobile site has seven frequency bands and 
each of these bands allows carrier aggregation – an effective 
tool to extend the coverage of mid and high-band that also 
leads to an increased capacity. Higher bandwidth means more 
users, more speed. But each of these bandwidths use more 
power. We are already managing this by, for example, shutting 
down bands in some areas at certain times. But, we are looking 
at pushing this further, and working towards finding just the 
right balance between performance and energy usage.
Recognition
KPN further expanded its lead as the best and fastest mobile 
network in the Netherlands, according to a benchmark by Ookla. 
Once again, users of the KPN network have on average the 
highest upload and download speeds and the best coverage. 
In recognition, KPN was named the best mobile network in the 
Netherlands for the fifth time in a row by Ookla.
Since the introduction of 5G two years ago, KPN has been 
offering its mobile subscribers the fastest 5G experience in the 
Netherlands. KPN now sees more than one million active users on 
the 5G network every day and that number is increasing.
KPN’s mobile network was also awarded the best in the 
Netherlands by the respected benchmarking expert ‘umlaut’. 
And with a score of 976 out of 1,000 points, KPN has the highest 
score worldwide achieved in umlaut’s 2022 network tests.
KPN has received two awards at the annual presentation of the 
Tweakers Awards. KPN won the award for best internet provider in 
the Netherlands and for best mobile provider in the Netherlands. 
KPN got the highest rating in both categories based on votes by 
the Tweakers community. According to MT/Sprout we are also 
the best provider of ICT networks and mobile data and telephony 
in 2022.
Fostering safety1
We are implementing the 5G network with the utmost care as 
the safety of our networks for people and the environment 
is paramount.
Although there is no scientific evidence that the electromagnetic 
radiation of mobile equipment or base stations pose any health 
risks, we take concerns around 5G very seriously. We strive to be 
transparent about our 5G initiatives and technology. We monitor 
developments in scientific research into mobile technology and 
its effects and provide data for further scientific research. Like 
all mobile providers, we have signed an agreement with the 
government regarding maximum radiation levels. The basis for 
exposure limits has been determined by an international group 
of independent scientists, the International Commission on Non-
Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP). KPN always adheres to 
the ICNIRP standards for electromagnetic fields.
1 More information on this topic could be found on our website https://www.overons.kpn/en/kpn-in-the-netherlands/our-network/health
38 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 39:
Our performance: Network infrastructure
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Looking ahead
We continue to implement innovative technologies to support 
and improve our network.
In 2022, as part of our future vision, we demonstrated trials with 
25G-PON, in collaboration with Nokia. This is in the experimental 
phase and is not yet available to customers for testing.
We also continued to equip our fiber network with future-proof 
technology. We use G-PON, which enables 1 Gbps connections, 
and XGS-PON technology, which allows for 10 Gbps connections 
to homes. The 10 Gbps connections are not yet in use, but 
installing the required equipment prepares us for future demand. 
We installed 1 Gbps PON connections for 263k fiber to the home 
(FttH) households, compared to 332k in 2021 and 188k in 2020. 
About 89% of mobile sites that support our mobile network were 
upgraded to 10 Gbps by the end of 2022.
The 5G auction of capacity in the 3.5 Ghz bandwidth was further 
delayed and is now expected to take place in 2023, with usage 
only expected to be turned on in 2024. However, we continue to 
roll-out our 5G network, building on the bandwidths we acquired 
in earlier 5G capacity auctions.
Going forward, KPN will adjust its fiber homes passed definition. 
KPN is further optimizing the way it rolls out and connects 
households. On top of traditionally reported homes passed 
numbers, KPN covers additional households by fiber through 
street presence which it also uses in its commercial approach. As 
per Q1 2023, KPN will start to report according to this definition; 
using this, the number of fiber homes passed was 3,710k at the end 
of 2022 and the increase in its fiber homes passed base was 373k 
in 2022.
39 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 40:
Our performance: Network infrastructure
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Rapidly efficient due to 
accelerated fiber roll-out
“If we roll-out in one area, 
preparations are already 
taking place in the areas 
that follow”
Kiona Brusse – Head of People Fixed Access Network
Joost Steltenpool – Head of Fixed Access Network  
"Our team is responsible for managing and optimizing the 
fixed network. The aim is to offer internet services via fiber to 
80% of Dutch households by 2026.
We have been providing KPN’s network with fiber since 2005. 
This has partly been done by means of Reggefiber, through FttH 
roll-out, and partly through the roll-out of VDSL. With VDSL, 
we rolled out fiber to every neighborhood in the Netherlands to 
increase the speed on the last piece of copper. We completed the 
VDSL program in 2019, making it immediately possible for almost 
every person living in the Netherlands to get speeds well above 
100 Mbps.
The completion of the VDSL program was the starting point for 
scaling up the fiber roll-out to the home. In order to be able to 
realize this scale-up of fiber roll-out, we have built an organization 
with extra attention for the well-being and development of the 
employees. We have increased our production considerably in 
recent years. That's quite an operation in which the number of 
employees remained the same.
We have concluded long-term contracts with contractors and 
we plan at least three years in advance to guarantee the large 
production numbers. That turned out to be a formula for success.
With the roll-out of fiber, more and more Dutch households are 
opting for KPN's services and churn on fiber is lower compared to 
copper. In order to properly prioritize, we have developed a model 
with which we can provide insight into the value (growth) of the 
roll-out for KPN. And we are proud of that. Our long-term planning 
is based on that model.
If we roll out in one area, preparations are already taking place 
in the areas that follow. This is possible because our contractors 
work with almost 50 construction flows. This is a collective of 
several small companies that roll out fiber for KPN. Sometimes 
there are as many as 60 people working in one area at the same 
time. It is important to us that they are all working, because if 
one link has no work, the construction flow can fall apart and the 
roll-out will come to a halt.
Over time, the market has become more competitive and the 
roll-out is moving to larger cities because, relatively, the least 
fiber has been rolled out there. Also the current labor market 
was a challenge for us. These factors sometimes make the 
roll-out a bit more challenging. More consultation is needed with 
governments to properly plan the roll-out of all parties. In addition, 
good preparation is essential because there is simply less space 
underground in urban areas. Traffic measures and other above-
ground obstacles must also be taken into account, and it is 
technically more challenging to connect high-rise buildings.
The goal for 2026 is to provide 80% of the Netherlands with fiber. 
By the end of the year, we will have almost reached 4 million 
households. The pace will remain high until 2026, after which we 
will dot the i's and cross the t's to really phase out the copper 
network completely. With our fiber strategy and the accelerated 
roll-out as a game changer, we are taking a big step towards 
super-efficient management and are offering the Netherlands a 
super-fast network."
40 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 41:
Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Innovation to spur sustainable growth
Innovation is crucial to KPN’s future business growth and our innovation themes are paying 
off. These themes give us the opportunity to bring focus, and enable us to meet new 
customer demands. Also, within our innovations, security and privacy are key themes to 
help our society.
KPI Result 2022 Result 2021
Machine-to-machine (M2M) subscribers (#SIMs) 10.1m 8.7m
Patent families in KPN portfolio 331 331
Our approach to innovation, introduced in 2021 to support our 
Accelerate to Grow strategy, led to its first concrete results in 
2022. Several projects from our innovation pipeline made it to 
the product portfolio. Cybersecurity, cloud gaming, platform as a 
service, and hybrid working were important areas of focus for our 
innovation efforts in 2022.
New innovation approach
We have defined three categories of innovation, each with its own 
time horizon.  
• Horizon 1 innovations are simple improvements, close to our 
core activities, achievable in the short term. For instance, 
adjusting the price of a product or adding a new service to our 
product portfolio. Our business units decide on and execute 
these innovations.
• Horizon 2 innovations typically take three to five years to 
explore, test and – if deemed feasible – implement. They are 
based on available technologies but are further away from our 
current core activities.
• Horizon 3 innovations are linked to new technologies that are 
still at an early stage of development or new to the world, such 
as photonics and quantum technology. These may take years 
to materialize.
Innovation areas
Based on customer demand analysis, global industry, technology 
and societal trends, we identified six areas where we seek 
innovative products and solutions. We made progress toward 
developing and introducing new products and services in almost 
all these areas in 2022.
41 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 42:
Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
1. Digital services aggregation: KPN is in a good position 
to develop new partner services through our B2C and SME 
platforms such as content streaming, cloud gaming and smart 
home & office.
KPN Consumer sees good opportunities for offering additional 
cloud products, and in 2022 shared strategic ideas with our 
innovators. We implemented some innovations, for instance 
making it easier to add new channels and streaming services 
to our consumer television package. Our innovation team also 
worked on additional features of our smart home products 
as well as our cloud gaming offering. We began offering 
Microsoft’s Game Pass Ultimate cloud gaming product. 
KPN Ventures has made an investment in Perlego, an 
education platform for students, to cater to the needs of 
its B2C customers.
  
2. Cybersecurity-4ALL: We explore new opportunities to 
offer embedded security platforms for big corporates, small 
businesses and retail customers, by providing security 
consulting and security as a service to our customers. 
Our businesses notice increased demand for cybersecurity 
services, which has guided some of our product development 
efforts in this area. We expect to be able to launch new 
security products in 2023. Security solutions developed by 
Censornet, the cybersecurity start-up KPN Ventures invested 
in, were integrated into our product platform for our SME 
customers, offering them more security features for the 
products and services they use to work from home as well 
as providing security awareness training to their employees. 
Next to that, KPN Ventures has invested in Cequence, a 
unified Application Programming Interface (API) protection 
solution, and RangeForce, a team cyber-readiness platform, 
that are expected to strengthen the security offerings to 
KPN’s customers.
  
3. Converged hybrid working: This is a potentially promising 
innovation area in the post COVID-19 era and we explore how 
we can secure hybrid working solutions combining B2C and 
B2B access services, including new remote communication 
and collaboration solutions. 
Our first offering, Secure Connect, was launched in 2022. 
Also, KPN Ventures invested in Lendis, an innovative B2B 
software solution that makes it easy for companies to select, 
manage, and administer their work equipment through a 
simple rental model. A promising partnership is in progress. 
Other innovations were still under development by year-end 
in the area of WiFi slicing and WiFi motion.
  
4. Secure data exchanges: As the amount of data created, 
captured, copied, and consumed continues to grow, customers 
and companies more and more are rethinking the relation to 
their data. Both business objectives and European legislation 
is driving a need for Secure Data Exchanges which offers data 
owners full control, flexibility, safety and integrity ofover their 
shared data, aligning with European data norms and values.
Today KPN is already facilitating the secure exchange of 
medical data with the KPN Health Exchange platform and is 
able to exchange vast quantities of streaming data with its 
Data Services Hub platform. The Secure Data Exchanges will 
aim to facilitate the Secure Data Exchange by combining these 
two platforms alongside of other existing capabilities of KPN 
to offer a solution where customers are enabled to share their 
data in a secure and trustworthy manner.
Based on the aforementioned principles; a cloud edge 
infrastructure based on open source and open standard 
technology will be support to our goal of that is increasing the 
interoperability and portability of the our customers data of 
our customers. KPN is actively contributing in efforts to create 
de-facto standards which are secure and compliant with EU 
and the Netherlands data norms and values. The resulting 
de-facto standards to exchange data will be implemented first 
in the Health, Energy and Mobility ecosystems.
  
5. Mission and business critical: Businesses increasingly 
create private 5G converged grids within their company to 
enhance flexibility and security. Building on our expertise 
and experience with highly secure networks, such as for 
emergency services, we see opportunities for innovative 
private network products and services.
We continued our field-lab initiative in Eindhoven, where 
we work on edge computing solutions enabling secure semi-
private network for selected partners in the Netherlands. We 
are well-positioned to provide these crucial and sensitive 
services, thanks to our reputation as a reliable partner offering 
high-quality services.
As robotics and drones are also part of our mission and 
business-critical services portfolio, we launched the KPN 
drone network coverage checker in 2022. This checker locates 
the best network coverage and defines the optimal flight path 
upfront for a drone mission (pre-flight). It will enable the 
drone to instantly adjust its route by signaling any in-flight 
network hiccups. This was introduced as a value-add service 
on top of connectivity. KPN also offers Application Priority as 
a value-add for our customers in this domain.
  
6. Network Platform as a service: Make our network open as 
a platform to deliver connectivity solutions, standard telco 
services, and compute and storage through easily accessible 
42 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 43:
Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
and secure APIs. This will enrich our portfolio by third-party 
solutions and will fill our network with extra traffic. We also 
aim to sell third-party solutions of our business partners and 
vendors on our platform related to for example IoT, Hardware, 
Security, Workspace.
CHALLENGE
As in other areas of our business, a shortage of skilled 
staff, due to the tight labor market, began to impact our 
innovation initiatives. It became more difficult to find the 
talent and resources to support our innovation initiatives. For 
example, we needed to source some of our innovation-related 
IT-support from further abroad, in countries where more IT 
professionals were available.
Innovations supported by start-ups and venturing
Our ongoing innovation programs at KPN Ventures, KPN 
Technology Office and KPN Field Labs have aligned their 
activities with the new approach and the six focus themes. KPN 
Ventures is our venture capital investment fund. It invests directly 
and indirectly in innovative European technology companies 
to build value-creating partnerships. KPN Liaison Management 
Scaleups supports startups, scaleups and other partners to 
connect with KPN. It provides a joint platform where our partners 
and customers can share expertise and seek financial support, 
based on the open-innovation concept. KPN won a Corporate 
Startup Star for our results in open innovation.
The Liaison Management team regularly activated KPN’s scaleup 
ecosystem - consisting of external corporate partners, investors, 
scaleups and internal KPN teams – over four scaleup afternoons. 
The aim was to offer scaleups access to markets and capital. 
We organized these events in the summer together with Up!
Rotterdam. And in the autumn, together with Phi factory and PIM 
Noord-Holland, we organized an event focused on four SDG goals.
In 2022, we realized several achievements based on innovations 
initiated by these programs. We made progress, for instance, with 
our pilot project to enable autonomous barge transport in Belgian 
and Dutch ports with access to the Western Scheldt estuary. 
This pilot has been developed together with the 5G Blueprint 
consortium and is aimed at making logistical transport at sea and 
on rivers more efficient and sustainable.
In the Dutch province of Noord-Holland, one of our multi-year 
KPN field-lab programs tested 5G-critical communications in 
ambulances successfully. This enables the staff in the trauma 
center / emergency room to room to have eyes and ears in 
the ambulance and follow through video the condition of the 
patient. Benefits already confirmed less loss of crucial information, 
smoother (dynamic) transfer of the patient and the occurrence of 
a shared mental model between staff at the traumacenter.
KPN continued its partnerships with several Dutch universities. 
The goal of these partnerships is to enable thought leadership 
and positioning in relevant research areas. We do this by 
collaborating with top universities in strategic areas. We engage 
with data and network science talents through Master’s and PhD 
thesis projects. Subjects vary from what a future network will look 
like to how KPN can continue to be a frontrunner in emerging 
digital ecosystems.
KPN’s intellectual property portfolio is an indicator for our 
innovative strength. In 2022, it consisted of 302 registered 
trademarks relating to our core brands and 331 patent families. 
Around 63 of the patent families we own are deemed essential 
for the commercial use of telecommunications technology and 
services, including in 5G and virtual/augmented reality, in total 
corresponding to 129 telecommunication standards.
Innovation outlook
Based on ongoing analysis and monitoring of our six focus 
areas, we decide which potential new products or services 
we consider worth exploring further in the next few years. In 
addition to working on the six focus areas, we explore topics 
we consider relevant for the longer term, such as Web 3.0 
and Metaverse, and what these developments mean for KPN. 
We will continue developing partnerships, and intensifying our 
cooperation with Microsoft, Google and Amazon Web Services 
(AWS), Amazon’s subsidiary offering cloud computing and APIs. 
We have established an effective innovation process at KPN, 
consisting of clearly defined steps: explore, validate, create proof 
of concept, and scale up. At the same time, we seek to continue 
to provide room for experiments outside of this well-established 
process, to ensure that we remain flexible in our innovation and 
don’t miss out on opportunities.
CHALLENGE
High inflation posed dilemmas in 2022. We had to find a 
new balance between our short-term and long-term interests. 
Innovation usually requires time, which means medium- or 
long-term investments. The issues surrounding high inflation, 
especially the ensuing cost increases, called for reconsidering 
the deployment of resources. As a result, some longer-term 
innovation trajectories may be spread over more years than 
originally anticipated.
43 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 44:
Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Fiber enables the digital 
future of consumers 
and businesses
“New applications drive the 
progress of society and 
meet customer needs”
Jacob Groote - EVP Innovation & Partnerships 
Ellen Aartsen - Theme Lead Ecosystems
  
"With the roll-out of fiber we are creating a future-proof 
network. KPN's entire core network is already made of 
fiberglass and is therefore maintenance-friendly and efficient 
in power consumption. In practice, fiber mainly means high 
bandwidth for both consumers and business clients, enabling 
for optimal and fast-streaming experiences.
The robust fiber network makes innovative services possible. 
It becomes particularly interesting in combination with other 
techniques and third-party services. Think of fiber with Edge 
Computing. A good example of this is the Dutch company 
Dimenco, in which KPN Ventures has invested. The Dimenco 
screens make it possible to view 3D images without the use 
of special glasses. The screen is made in such a way that you 
can rotate a 3D model of, for example, a shoe or a house under 
construction via the screen. This literally and figuratively gives an 
extra dimension to computer use. To make this possible, you could 
use local Edge Computing data centers in the future, because a 
lot of processing power is involved. In effect, the graphics card is 
brought to the cloud. KPN helps Dimenco to optimize its service 
by deploying the servers close to the data user. The fiber network 
is essential for them in image processing, as minimal latency 
is required.
Another combination of technology is that of 5G and fiber, which 
makes the difference in the gaming world and in particular 
cloud gaming. By linking the two techniques, it becomes possible 
to effortlessly continue a game that you started on your fiber 
network on 5G for mobile, for outdoors or on the road. This gives 
gamers a competitive advantage and the speed of networking 
increases the chance of winning.
Fiber has clearly taken the lead over the copper network. With a 
lot of effort you could also get by with a copper connection, but 
in practice you will soon get stuck due to a lack of capacity. For 
example, when all members of a family are online at the same 
time, it can be particularly challenging. The IoT applications will 
continue to grow and the entertainment options, which require 
both high download and upload speeds, will continue to grow. For 
the households of the future, a fast and stable network will be a 
real necessity of life.
For broader social applications, it is expected that there will also 
be an increasing dependence on fast internet. Think of safe and 
stable video calling for students who follow online lectures and for 
family doctors who desire to conduct initial screenings remotely, 
with patients in their own homes. This is an unstoppable trend 
that will undoubtedly drive business growth in the Netherlands. 
To this end, KPN will increasingly be looking to facilitate the 
infrastructure. We are ready."
44 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 45:
Our performance: Safeguarded privacy and security
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Security First and fostering 
customer privacy
We want everyone to enjoy the benefits of connectivity without having to worry, so, we 
strive for security first at KPN. Security is one of our most material topics and we work 
with security by design. By creating employee awareness, we are able to create the right 
security and privacy mindset.
KPI Result 2022 Result 2021
Dutch people who believe their data is safe with KPN 69% 66%
Opt in Extra Veilig Internet (EVI) 52% N/a
Security
As the scale and complexity of cybersecurity attacks grow 
globally, we are working to reduce cybersecurity risks and 
vulnerabilities, to protect our systems and data and those 
of our customers. 2022 was a year of change in how we 
structured and organized security at KPN, and embedded it 
across the organization.
We directed time and effort into developing the governance 
aspect of security throughout the year. This was triggered by 
increasing regulation and legislation resulting from the Dutch 
government’s Ministerial Decree regarding network security. 
Published in 2021, the decree required telecom operators to 
adopt additional security measures by the end of 2022. For our 
CISO department, this meant a full year of working to implement 
the Ministerial Decree.
To comply with these controls and bring security to the next level, 
we needed to engage the entire organization. To this end, we 
carried out a company-wide security awareness program.
Threat landscape
Ransomware is an increasing problem worldwide, so awareness 
of cybersecurity risk remains an important matter throughout 
the entire organization– any employee can be a potential 
target. Although we have systems in place to detect malicious 
(phishing/malware) links, potential attackers have more and 
more resources and money to carry out highly sophisticated 
cybersecurity attacks.
According to the Dutch government, vital infrastructure such as 
our data network is an interesting target for state actors.
In response to the Ukraine war, we took actions to improve 
our situational awareness and response readiness. We increased 
information sharing with national and supranational authorities, 
as well as with other national critical infrastructure partners 
in the EU. As a preventive measure, we started a security 
crisis-communication group to keep senior management and 
specialists updated on emerging threats and to prepare for a 
possible cybersecurity incident.
45 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 46:
Our performance: Safeguarded privacy and security
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Vulnerabilities
No cybersecurity incidents were identified in 2022 that resulted 
in significant operational downtime. There were some minor 
incidents but nothing that triggered a major incident.
We had around six DDoS attacks a day, but these had minimal 
impact as we managed these successfully. We also supported 
some customers in defending themselves against DDoS attack.
We believe we have a strong first line of defense. Our security 
operation center monitors our network 24/7, 365 days a year 
– using AI to analyze billion events. About 13,000 a year are 
checked by our security operations center (SOC) engineers, and a 
handful need in-depth investigation by the Computer Emergency 
Response Team (CERT).
CHALLENGE
Embedding security at KPN presents some challenges. On the 
one hand, there is a significant amount of work to be done 
throughout the organization on security processes, removing 
vulnerabilities, putting in place end-point protection, etc. 
On the other hand, the business is already dealing with a 
multitude of tasks with its core deliverables. We need to get the 
balance right between prioritizing security and managing our 
risk profile, while embedding security in a seamless way.
Security First
In 2022, we operationalized the Board of Management's ‘security 
first’ position, putting a security roadmap in place that outlines 
how security works in practice at KPN.
As part of this roadmap, we created target groups, highlighting 
the cybersecurity threats relevant to different segments. We 
began running continuous content on our intranet illustrating 
potential threats in the outside world, as well as what we are 
doing internally to improve our security position. We developed 
basic mandatory cybersecurity training for all our employees, and 
hosted cybersecurity events. To continuously increase the level of 
awareness, employees had to take the mandatory security online 
Spot-On training every other year.
We ran regular mock phishing exercises for our employees, 
including specific high-risk groups. The aim of these exercises was 
to make employees realize how cybercriminals operate and how 
easy it is to be tempted to click on a link or open attachments.
Security organization
Our Chief Information Security Office (CISO) is organized into five 
teams. Together with the operational security officers throughout 
the company, they work according to the KPN Security Lifecycle, 
which is based on the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (NIST) cybersecurity framework: identify, protect, 
detect, respond and recover. CISO Office sets a KPN Security 
Policy to prevent vulnerabilities and incidents. The CISO Red 
Team of ethical hackers conducts security testing of new products 
and proactively identifies vulnerabilities across the organization. 
The CISO Blue Team is responsible for continuously monitoring 
our networks and infrastructures, and detecting security threats 
and vulnerabilities in a timely manner from within our Security 
Operations Center (SOC). As part of the Blue Team, the KPN 
Computer Emergency Response Team (KPN-CERT) provides 
rapid incident response, while the CISO Monitoring & Reporting 
team is responsible for security compliance monitoring and 
security analytics and reporting.
In 2022, we worked to strengthen and enhance security within 
the organization. This included appointing a new CISO, and 
changes to cybersecurity governance at KPN, under the umbrella 
of 'security first'. We worked to integrate this message of ‘security 
first’ into the company, which includes a new roadmap and 
security awareness program.
We created a dedicated Ministerial Decree team, and appointed 
a head of our Ministerial Decree program. This team was tasked 
with implementing required actions throughout the organization.
We established a new Monitoring & Reporting team in 
CISO, that fulfills two functions. Firstly, it leads the security 
compliance activities, which include the continuous monitoring 
and evaluation of the implemented security compliance controls. 
Secondly, it has a reporting role – on a weekly and monthly 
basis – providing insight in the security posture to support senior 
management in keeping up to date on the status of cybersecurity 
controls, risks and issues within the company. Among other things, 
we identify external threat actors and threats, security risks and 
issues in our operations, and the performance of our security 
processes and the enterprise security risk profile.
We made structural improvements in how we manage 
security processes, especially in vulnerability management, 
endpoint protection and security monitoring. This involves 
using new technologies to improve insights on vulnerabilities 
and malware threats, and adding more detection capabilities. 
We have embedded this in five strategic ambitions for our 
security organization.
46 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 47:
Our performance: Safeguarded privacy and security
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Collaborations
KPN joined the Foundation NL CISO Circle of Trust (CCoT) 
with nine other major companies. The CCoT has been set up to 
contribute to enhance collaboration, information and knowledge 
sharing between partners in the Netherlands.
This partnership was announced on the eve of the ONE 
Conference, Europe's foremost cybersecurity event. The National 
Cyber Security Center (NCSC) may, from its legal task, share 
information on threats and incidents with this grouping which 
has an objective role to inform other organizations or the public. 
This allows NCSC and CCoT to exchange timely, up-to-date 
and relevant threat information among themselves and, where 
appropriate, with their suppliers.
Awards
CISO participated in Cybernet, the annual Capture the Flag 
exercise organized by the Ministry of Defense, and reached 
fourth place. We also took part in a hackathon with the police at 
KPN’s Service Quality Center in Hilversum. Here, teams competed 
non-stop for 12 hours to come up with new insights and solutions 
to actual police cases. This year’s hackathon was a public-private 
partnership. A breakthrough led to several arrests, showing how 
effective public-private cooperation can be.
Privacy
We take our role of keeping the Netherlands safe very seriously. 
By definition, anyone who chooses KPN must be able to rely on 
secure services and products. This includes the privacy of our 
customers. For this we continuously assess how we can improve 
the data protection of our systems to keep our customers' data 
safe. We also see respect for privacy as a crucial component of the 
trustworthiness and reliability we want to offer our customers. To 
ensure compliance with rules and regulations regarding privacy 
and data protection, KPN has a Privacy Office. The Privacy Office 
serves to strengthen awareness in the organization, draw up 
policies, and provides specific training to business units in close 
cooperation with, and as a part of, the Compliance Office.
In 2022, the Dutch Authority for Digital Infrastructure started an 
inspection following various signals about the processing of traffic 
data by providers of mobile electronic communication networks 
for the purpose of mobility information. Based on information 
provided by KPN and after further investigation, AT concluded 
that KPN does not process or has not processed any traffic data 
for this purpose.
47 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 48:
Our performance: Safeguarded privacy and security
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
We think it is important that customers know that KPN protects 
their privacy to the best of its ability. To measure this, we conduct 
an annual survey in which we ask the Dutch population to 
choose 3 companies of which they think their data is safe with. 
In 2022, 69% of Dutch people said they believe their information 
is safe with KPN (2021: 66%). With this score, KPN is ahead of 
the competition when it comes to the security of privacy and 
personal data.
New initiatives
In 2022, KPN signed a covenant with the police to participate in 
the 'No More Leaks' project. This initiative aims to keep society 
digitally safe, make companies more resilient, and reduce the 
abuse of customer accounts and resulting crime. This will be 
done by sharing hashes of stolen passwords and usernames 
encountered during police investigations with companies.
To help our customers better protect their own data, we have 
taken many measures to improve the security of the MijnKPN 
website which contains a set of customers' personal data. For 
instance, we stimulate them to use the two-factor authentication 
(2FA) method for the log in procedure. With the adjusted 
measures, we decrease the risk of abuse like fraud, social 
engineering, phishing- and SPAM attacks.
Privacy awareness
All employees must abide by the KPN Code of Conduct, which 
provides clear privacy guidance, including how to deal with 
customer information. They must also perform our privacy 
awareness e-learning training every two years. The rules 
regarding the use of employee data is laid down in the Human 
Resource Privacy Statement.
Our business is guided by the principle of ‘privacy by design’. 
This means we consider privacy and security risk from the earliest 
stage when developing new products and services. Several Data 
Protection Impact Assessments have been performed in the case 
of high risk processing of personal data and the results are 
submitted to the data protection officer for a decision.
In 2022, we received 266 incidents concerning privacy and 
reported 66 data leaks concerning personal data to the Dutch 
Data Protection Authority (AP). We informed customers about 
the leak and the measures we took to resolve any issues. 
Following an inspection in 2021 on a KPN report that unauthorized 
persons gained access to servers of the subsidiary company of 
KPN, Internedservices, the AP closed the investigation in 2022 
without enforcement.
Artificial Intelligence
The risks associated with the use of AI include the lack of 
explainability - the concept that a machine learning model and 
its output can be explained in a way that 'makes sense' to a 
human being -, bias or unintended social impact. To address these 
risks, we started to implement the KPN Responsible AI framework 
within KPN to ensure responsible, safe and compliant AI. This 
framework enforces accountability and provides guidance on how 
to work with AI.
Lawful intercept
We respect our customers’ right to privacy. At the same 
time, we are legally obliged to disclose certain information, 
obtained by intercept, to national investigation agencies. Our 
infrastructure must facilitate this, and we are obliged to cooperate 
with law-enforcement agencies as specified in the Dutch 
Telecommunications Act.
To help achieve this, a KPN liaison officer is available 24/7 
to facilitate interaction with law-enforcement authorities for 
all KPN brands. We assess incoming warrants and carry out 
checks to filter out any uncertainties. If we find discrepancies, 
we reject the warrant, inform the agency involved, and follow the 
relevant procedures. In 2022, a mismatch was found in 1.1% of 
warrants received.
In the context of the Notice and Take Down Code of Conduct, 
KPN received 2 complaints in 2022. These complaints regarded 
copyright and intellectual property disputes. In none of the cases 
did KPN provide the identity information.
In 2021, Dutch Authority for Digital Infrastructure investigated 
the security of our legal intercept facilities, with KPN cooperating 
fully in the investigation. In August 2022, AT published the 
results of this investigation. The investigation revealed that 
KPN manages the systems concerned itself and that the lawful 
intercept chain is well protected against unwanted access by 
outsiders. KPN complied with the legal security requirements 
in most respects, although shortcomings were found in the 
registration of its system administrators. Consequently, the Dutch 
Authority for Digital Infrastructure imposed a EUR 450,000 
fine. The shortcoming was repaired immediately, and the lawful 
intercept chain now meets all legal requirements. AT has checked 
and confirmed this.
48 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 49:
Our performance: Safeguarded privacy and security
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
The network of the 
future requires excellent 
safety and security
“In this playing field, we 
want to keep up the pace”
Nathan Versnel – Manager KPN FAN S&D Continuity & Safety
Paul Slootmaker – VP Monitoring & Reporting
  
"People and devices are increasingly connected, and security 
is becoming ever-more important. When we think of security, 
we tend first to think of a safe internet and the protection of 
data and personal data. For KPN, however, the basis lies in 
the protection of our network and safety during construction. 
Safety and security in all their facets therefore have the 
highest priority.
Due to the accelerated roll-out of fiber, extra measures have been 
taken to ensure that work can take place safely. This concerns, 
among other things, the physical safety of the operational staff at 
our contractors, a safe environment for residents in those areas 
where we roll out fiber, and of course also the safety of our network 
itself under construction. We deal with multiple parties during the 
roll-out, so we need to pay attention to prevent possible damage 
to existing infrastructure caused by our roll-out activities. In the 
Program of Requirements (PvE), we have described in detail how 
our contractors must install fiber safely. The Continuity & Safety 
team is specifically responsible for guaranteeing agreements with 
regard to careful construction in the ground. Clear agreements 
in advance about certifications, agreements with third parties, 
health & safety, and the environment during the work are essential 
to enable our contractors to carry out the work safely. In a playing 
field with fierce competition, we naturally want to keep up the 
pace. And if the business wants to speed up, quality and safe 
working are often quickly under pressure. At the same time, we 
must continue to monitor our processes surrounding the roll-out 
and keep a close eye on compliance with, among other things, 
working conditions legislation and the Center for Regulations and 
Research in Ground, Water and Road Construction and Traffic 
Engineering (CROW) guidelines.
Next to that, we also continue to innovate. A good example 
of this is KPN's long-term investment in a so-called ZOARG 
initiative (Careful Construction and Reduction of Excavation 
Damage). This initiative is a collaboration with the University 
of Twente to roll out our network even smarter and safer with 
healthy ambitions.
Fiber connections make the fixed network of the future, but 
this network will also have to be resilient against cyber threats, 
due to technological innovations and geopolitical and social 
developments. The more dependent our digital society becomes 
on technology and telecommunications, the more we need to be 
aware of the security risks we run as a result. Public networks 
and network services, no matter how modern, are vulnerable to 
espionage, sabotage, failures and (large-scale) disruption. This is 
also apparent from the Cyber Security Assessment Netherlands 
and the Dutch Cyber Security Strategy, the latest versions of 
which the government published last year. The KPN CISO team 
is working to identify and mitigate security risks in KPN's current 
network. The CISO professionals do not only focus on today, 
but also look ahead to tomorrow. This includes, for example, the 
opportunities and risks of new technologies, such as the Quantum 
Internet and Quantum Key Distribution (QKD), subjects that KPN 
is already experimenting with in test setups – using the new fiber 
network – together with partners such as TNO and TU Delft."
49 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 50:
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Collaborating towards a sustainable 
value chain
KPN is already one of the world’s most sustainable telecom companies, every day is a 
chance to do better. This includes playing our part in tackling climate issues as part of our 
transition to sustainable growth. Supplier and customer engagement play an important 
role across the value chain to create the solutions we need to achieve our ambitious 
agenda towards zero waste and zero emissions.
KPI Result 2022 Result 2021
Reduction in KPN Group energy consumption compared to base year 2010 48% 44%1
Reduction of value chain CO2e (scope 3) compared to base year 2014 37% 30%1
Products with improved design for circularity 15 12
Reuse and recycling 86% 85%1
1 The 2021 figures have been restated, for details we refer to Appendix 11
Collaborating towards zero waste and 
zero emissions
Through our approach to sustainability, we aim to influence the 
environmental impact of our total supply chain, from suppliers to 
customers. This includes our procurement process, operations, 
and the impact of our products and services before, during and 
after use.
We aim to be close to 100% circular by 2025. We use a roadmap to 
plan and track our progress in reducing the impact of our products 
and materials. For inflow of materials, we have set a target to 
redesign for circularity at least 15 typical KPN products by 2022, 
for example by using recycled material. For outflow of waste and 
materials, we aim to maximize reuse and recycling, and avoid 
incineration and landfill to work towards zero waste. For KPN-
owned customer equipment, our circular ambition is a closed-loop 
supply chain. For the business market, our ambition is to have 12 
circular services by 2025. We are implementing a framework to 
measure our circular transition in an integrative manner.
50 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 51:
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Close to
100/percent.lt circular
Net-zero CO₂e emissions
in the value chain
-48/percent.lt electricity 
consumption v.s. 2010
Inﬂow of cars close to 
100/percent.lt fossil fuel free
With regard to our own direct emissions (scope 1), we will reduce 
CO2e emissions from our company-car fleet by limiting our inflow 
to fossil fuel-free vehicles by 2025. By 2030, we aim to have our 
electricity consumption reduced by 48% compared to 2010.
In addition, KPN intends to reduce its scope 3 emissions by 
39% by 2025 and 45% by 2030 compared to a 2014 base 
year. We have committed to becoming net-zero by 2040. The 
targets cover our GHG emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) and are 
consistent with reductions required to keep global warming to 
1.5°C, in line with the Paris Agreement. We are in the process of 
re-validating the net zero targets with the Science Based Targets 
initiative. KPN intends to align the sustainability performance 
target for its outstanding Sustainability Linked Bond with the 
revised ambitions.
As KPN’s own operations are already climate-neutral, all our 
services are low-carbon services. By using our cloud services, 
video conferencing and audio conferencing, our business 
customers can meet online, reducing the need to commute or use 
office space. In addition, we want to enable the energy transition 
via smart energy systems through secure data exchange services. 
For this, we are building eco-systems with partners for enabling 
connectivity, data processing and cloud applications.
In 2022, we also integrated biodiversity in our sustainability 
strategy. We aim for nature-inclusive concepts for our 
infrastructure, offices, and services. We also signed Business for 
Nature’s Call to Action that urges governments to adopt policies 
to reverse nature loss this decade. We are exploring to implement 
a recognised framework on biodiversity to align with upcoming 
standards like TNFD.
Our sustainability targets also feed into sustainable financing. 
In September 2022, KPN issued a EUR 500m Green Hybrid 
Bond. This was issued under KPN’s Green Finance Framework 
and, with the proceeds, KPN will finance or refinance projects 
with positive environmental impact in three areas: energy 
efficiency (network transformation including roll-out of fiber 
and modernization of KPN’s mobile network), circular economy 
(investments that extend product life and reduce impact of 
waste on the environment) and clean transportation (reducing 
emissions by shifting to electric vehicles).
Our sustainability performance was recognized by a good 
performance in the S&P Global ESG rating (82 overall, 87 on 
the environmental dimension). KPN was also included in the 
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) list in 2022 with a score of A. 
The following sections report on our performance in relation to 
the objectives above. Detailed environmental figures, including 
intensity figures, targets and avoided energy consumption by our 
customers can be found in Appendix 11: Environmental figures. An 
overview of major KPIs is available in Appendix 4: Non-financial 
information, calculation methods in Appendix 11: Environmental 
figures and GRI application in Appendix 13: GRI index.
51 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 52:
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
CO2e emissions and energy management
CO2e emissions own operations scope 1 and 2 (in kTon)
2022 20211
2010 
base year 2022 2021
2010 
base year
Gross scope 1 and scope 2 location based Net scope 1 and scope 2 market based
Scope 1 NL (direct own emissions) 11.9 13.1 58.8 - - 58.8
Scope 2 NL (indirect own emissions) 207.0 241.2 347.0 - - 35.9
KPN NL 218.9 254.3 405.7 - - 94.7
KPN non-NL entities - - 25.0 - - 25.0
KPN Group 218.9 254.3 430.7 - - 119.8
1 2021 figure of scope 2 has been restated, see for details Appendix 11
KPN's operations are climate-neutral. We use 100% green 
electricity generated by local and European wind farms. Other 
CO2e emissions (6%) from gas (buildings), gasoline and petrol 
(cars) and emergency power are compensated by REDD+ forest 
compensation projects. Without compensation, our gross scope 
1 and scope 2 location-based CO2e emissions would be 218.9 
ton CO2e.
Relating to scope 1 emissions, our savings on car fuel compared to 
2010 was 81% in 2022. We added 484 electric cars and 29 HVO100 
fueled cars as part of our fleet transformation, which equates to 
an inflow of 95% fossil fuel-free cars (lease and engineers). We 
exceeded our 2022 target on inflow of 80% fossil fuel-free.
Electricity consumption (GWh) compared to 
data communication growth (%)
Network
Offices and Stores
Data communication growth
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 20220
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
0%
375%
750%
1,125%
1,500%
1,875%
2,250%
2,625%
3,000%
Relating to scope 2 emissions, our electricity consumption in 2022 
was 478 GWh, which is a decrease of 24 GWh compared to 2021. 
Compared to base year 2010, this amounts to a reduction of 38%, 
while the data communication volume has increased 24-fold in the 
same period. We are on track to achieve the electricity reduction 
targets for 2023 (40%) and 2030 (48%) compared to 2010.
From our electricity consumption, 95% is consumed in the mobile 
and fixed networks. The network consists of ~22,000 sites with 
an electric grid connection. The total electricity consumption 
of the network in 2022 was 456 GWh, which is a decrease of 
5% compared to 2021. The electricity savings mainly result from 
network rationalization. Our offices and shops have saved 70% 
in electricity consumption compared to 2010. The total energy 
consumption of KPN has decreased 48% compared to 2010. Due 
to external factors, we face sharp increases of market prices for 
energy. This stretched our search for further reduction of energy 
consumption which will help us mitigate the impact of price 
increases. Our energy-saving program is subject to a monthly 
management review and has our continuous focus.
More than 50% of the electricity that KPN will consume from 2027 
will come from the wind farm Hollandse Kust (west) VI, the new 
wind farm in the North Sea that will be built in the coming years. 
KPN has signed a 15-year agreement with Eneco, which won the 
tender for the wind farm together with Shell in the Ecowende 
joint venture.
Our emissions in the value chain (scope 3 emissions) are 
593.9kTon CO2e. Our value chain emissions decreased compared 
to 2021 by 10%, see Appendix 11 for details. We engage with 
suppliers on carbon-reduction in the value chain, among others 
via the CDP Supplier Engagement program and as part of 
our International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001 
program which includes carbon reduction management as 
per 2021. In addition, we joined forces on reducing scope 3 
emissions with other telecom companies via the Joint Audit 
Cooperation (JAC).
52 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 53:
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Overview of own emissions (scope 1 and 2), value chain emissions (scope 3) and savings by ICT (CO2e in kTon)1
Scope 1
Direct emissions
2021 2022
1213
2021 2022
207
241
Scope 2
Electricity
2021 2022
594
658
Scope 3
Value chain
2021 2022
311
518
Savings by ICT
CHALLENGE
Both stakeholders' demand for non financial KPI's and quality 
requirements for these KPI's is ever increasing. Due to the 
integration of our scope 3 emissions into certain finance 
arrangements, the importance of accurate and consistent 
reporting on these KPI’s has increased as well. Besides 
the fact that upcoming legislation, such as the CSRD 
(Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive), will require 
a lot of efforts implementing, it also enforces more focus. 
These developments do improve our insights, resulting in 
amending our calculations with the purpose to increase 
accuracy. This year we corrected our scope 3 emissions 
calculation on inflation and refined our calculation with 
impacts from customer premise equipment (taking into 
account WiFi repeaters and ONTs). Also, we adjusted our 
mid- and long-term targets taking into account future cost 
trends and refinements e.g. measurement of energy of 
B2B equipment. The complexity of these calculations and 
some degree of uncertainty remains since they are still 
somewhat based on assumptions. For details regarding to our 
restatement on the scope 3 emissions we refer to Appendix 11 
Environmental figures.
Energy and CO2e savings for customers from using our ICT 
services helped our customers avoid around 311 tons of CO2e 
emissions and 964 tons of PM10 emissions. Most of these 
savings were due to reduced teleworkers, less traveling with 
the car, and electrification of car fleet. We measure this avoided 
energy consumption by calculating the impact on our Consumer 
and Business customers for specific products and services. We 
realized 170% savings as compared to our own energy usage in 
2022. See Appendix 11 for further information on our methodology 
to measure direct emissions (scope 1), electricity (scope 2), value 
chain emissions (scope 3) and savings by ICT. Scope 1, 2 and 3 are 
reported in line with the GHG Protocol.
Becoming circular in our operations
KPN is committed to the principles of a circular economy, by 
using fewer materials, enhancing product lifespans and taking 
measures to reduce our waste production to zero.
For inflow of materials, we have introduced 15 products with 
improved circular design to date. In 2022, a completely new 
sustainable clothing line was designed for KPN. In the new clothes 
for our mechanics and shop employees we use recycled polyester 
and organic cotton and reuse and recycle via a return system. 
Furthermore, we have introduced Ecoducts with 100% recycled 
HDPE microducts for application in our fiber roll-out in 2023. 
Finally, an optical network terminal was developed for KPN, with 
60% post-consumer recycled plastic applied in the housing.
For outflow of waste and materials, we collaborate with third 
parties in our value chain to improve waste reduction and 
separation, and optimize reuse and recycling rates. Our reuse and 
recycling rate improved from 85% in 2021 to 86% in 2022. In an 
effort to close the loops in our supply chain, we kept our return rate 
for modems and TV set-top boxes stable on 90%. See Appendix 3 
for further details. Next to offering refurbished phones and repair 
services, we also launched a trade-in service for mobile phones 
this year.
In our Business segment, we aim to offer circular services. The 
focus is set to services where KPN owns the hardware or a third 
party on behalf of KPN does so. We set a target of having 12 circular 
services by 2025.
1 Scope 1: Gross emissions, mainly relating to our fleet. Our net emissions are zero with compensation of fossil fuel cars 
Scope 2: Location based emissions, relating to our usage of electricity. Our market based emissions are zero
Scope 3: Upstream and downstream emissions in our value chain 
2021 figure for scope 2 and 3 have been restated (for details see Appendix 11)
Savings by ICT reflect carbon emission savings realized through services used by our customers
53 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 54:
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Circular Transition Indicator1
Landﬁll
incineration
Linear inﬂow
non-renewable
virgin resource
Linear outﬂow
non-recoverable products
and waste streams
Consumer
market
is 78%
circular
Company
Boundary
KPN
67% 89%
Circular inﬂow                                              Circular outﬂow
Return ﬂow
To measure circularity in an even more integrated manner for the 
company as a whole, we are implementing a framework based 
on the Circular Transition Indicator (CTI) metrics from the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). In 2022, 
we report on a selected scope of our consumer market segment, 
see Appendix 11 for details. For this scope, our consumer market 
segment is 78% circular (compared to 76% in 2021). This figure 
is compiled from a circular inflow of 67% and a circular outflow 
percentage of 89%.
We collaborate with the JAC to build up and share knowledge 
on the circular economy. KPN is the chair of the working group 
on circular economy and participates in the working group on 
human rights. With suppliers, we continued to collaborate via 
circular product passports and life cycle analysis to assess product 
sustainability and improve product design.
Biodiversity
Our actions towards zero waste and zero carbon will help us 
mitigating negative impacts on biodiversity. To foster a positive 
impact on biodiversity, we aim for nature inclusive infrastructure, 
offices and services. We are building a vision and roadmap for 
biodiversity and cooperate with the "Groene Netten" coalition of 
eight large Dutch infrastructure parties, Leiden University and 
Naturalis Biodiversity Center.
Assessment of climate change related risks and opportunities
Our risk and opportunity assessment related to climate change 
and legislative changes are incorporated in our risk management 
and control systems. Please see chapter Compliance and risk 
(p. 67) and Appendix 8 for an overview of our top risks. We 
have taken into account the recommendations of the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which 
include matters such as governance, climate strategy, risk and 
opportunity assessment, and key performance indicators (see 
overview in Appendix 5).
EU taxonomy
As of 2021, we have started applying the EU taxonomy to our 
business. We concluded that KPN's turnover and Opex are not 
eligible under the economic activities currently in scope of the EU 
taxonomy regarding climate change mitigation and adaptation. 
In 2022, ~5% of our Capex activities qualifies as eligible, and ~3% 
we also concluded to be aligned. Alignment implies that these 
economic activities make a substantial contribution to at least 
one of the climate and environmental objectives, while also doing 
no significant harm to the remaining objectives and meeting 
minimum standards on human rights and labour standards. For 
further details, see Appendix 7.
1 The scope of the KPN Circularity Indicator for 2022 for consumer market is described in Appendix 11
54 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 55:
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Procurement and suppliers
Procurement policy, selecting and contracting suppliers
Suppliers have a direct impact on the extent to which we can 
operate as a circular company and a direct influence on the 
communities and areas in which they carry out their activities. 
As such, we have integrated ESG criteria into our procurement 
process. The business relationships with our suppliers are 
maintained by the procurement office. They see to it that we give 
proper fulfillment to all our material topics.
KPN’s procurement policy guides us in sourcing, contracting 
and managing our suppliers, and our suppliers’ sustainable 
performance plays a role in this. Our procurement process 
is based on a competitive comparison of suppliers and it 
applies economic and technical criteria, as well as the following 
ESG criteria:
• Compliance with the KPN Supplier Code of Conduct
• EcoVadis assessment, further described in next paragraph
• Conflict minerals: we expect our suppliers have a clear policy 
and procedures in place to avoid purchasing conflict minerals or 
unsustainable mined minerals at high environmental and social 
costs. Suppliers to undertake reasonable due diligence within 
their supply chains to assure that the conflict minerals are being 
sourced from responsible and conflict-free sources
• Promoting circular economy principles:
– Design for environment and reduce the use of virgin 
raw materials;
– Extend and optimize product use;
– Increase reuse, recycling, minimize incineration and landfill 
of waste;
– Energy efficiency.
This set of ESG criteria for products and services forms part of the 
decision-making in our sourcing process.
Once we have selected a supplier, we expect them to comply 
with the KPN Supplier Code of Conduct. As a large company 
purchasing many products and services, we strive to do 
business only with suppliers who comply with our Supplier 
Code of Conduct. This code sets out social and environmental 
requirements for suppliers. It is inspired by the Charter of 
the United Nations and based on the core conventions of 
the International Labor Organization (ILO). The code contains 
conditions relating to human rights, labor conditions, safety, 
environment, bribery and corruption. It forms part of our general 
terms and conditions of purchase and has been updated in 2022. 
We work with strategic suppliers on a structural basis, setting out 
specific terms and conditions for products and services to improve 
their sustainable performance.
Risk management
Once we have selected a supplier, we determine the impact it may 
have on the environment in the communities where it operates 
and on the working conditions of their staff. We categorize 
suppliers based on the potential social and environmental risk of 
their operations, products and services. We assess this risk based 
on three parameters:
• Geographical areas
• Spend
• Potential environmental impact of a supplier’s operations, 
products or services
We use this assessment to determine the degree in which we 
subject our suppliers to regular sustainability checks.
In 2022, we contracted a total of 1,327 unique suppliers, of which 
29 were classified as high-risk.
Sustainability checks
Applying sustainability criteria
EcoVadis assesses our strategic suppliers, which represent a large 
amount of spend, verifying whether they have integrated the 
principles of ESG into their business and management systems. 
These EcoVadis ESG criteria cover four areas:
• Environment
• Labor and human rights (which include health and safety, 
working conditions, social dialogue, child labor, forced labor 
and human trafficking, diversity, equity & inclusion and external 
stakeholder human rights)
• Ethics
• Sustainable procurement
In our master framework agreement (MFA), we determined a 
minimum level and require our suppliers to score above this level. 
If the outcome of the assessment is lower, then the supplier has to 
draw up a plan to improve its score by mitigating identified risks 
or shortfalls. The overall average EcoVadis sustainability rating of 
our suppliers is significantly higher than the overall average score 
of the tens of thousands of suppliers EcoVadis assesses.
55 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 56:
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Social audits
Suppliers classified as high-risk are subject to social audits 
carried out by an independent third-party auditor. These audits 
are repeated periodically to monitor whether suppliers and 
subcontractors comply with the sustainable guidelines set by the 
JAC. This association of telecom operators aims to verify, assess 
and develop corporate social responsibility implementation 
across manufacturing sites. JAC members, including KPN, share 
best practices on topics such as the circular economy, climate 
change and human rights to help embed long-term corporate 
social responsibility implementation in the different layers of the 
supply chain.
Thanks to the increase in the number of JAC members, 86% of 
our high-risk suppliers were audited between 2014 and 2022. 
All audits were carried out in production plants (suppliers and 
sub-suppliers) located in Asia, North America, Latin America, 
Eastern and Western Europe and Oceania. During 2022, audits 
were conducted in Brazil, Cambodja, China, India, Italy, Mexico, 
Nigeria, Poland, Romania, Russia, South-Africa, Sweden, Taiwan, 
United States and Vietnam. The audits were carried out by 
international specialist companies. The suppliers included in the 
audit campaign were from the sectors for user devices and 
appliances, network appliances and IT equipment production.
Fixing shortcomings through corrective action plans
The table below shows the numbers of non-conformities 
recorded during on-site audits conducted by KPN on behalf 
of JAC in 2015-2022.
2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015
Business ethics 2 - 2 3 4 11 7 19
Discrimination - - - 2 - 1 - -
Disciplinary practices - - - - 1 - 2 -
Environment 3 3 8 17 8 12 18 15
Freedom 
of association - - - 1 1 1 1 2
Health & safety 6 4 10 39 23 27 31 45
Labor - - - - 4 - 2 5
Unlawful labor - - - - 5 1 - 8
Wages 
& compensation 1 - - 3 4 3 6 5
Working hours 3 3 1 6 7 15 16 9
Other - - - - - 1 - -
Total 15 10 21 71 57 72 83 108
For all the non-conformities we encountered, we drew up specific 
corrective action plans (CAPs) that include resolution procedures 
and timetables. Suppliers and production plants are responsible 
for following up on these corrective actions. JAC members 
constantly monitor the implementation of these plans.
CAPs set clear deadlines to complete all corrective actions 
within 12 months. Although all our suppliers are committed to 
completing all corrective action plans, we have found that some 
issues are hard to resolve within one year. In 2022, we closed 94% 
of all non-conformities raised between 2019 and 2021.
Promoting human rights in the supply chain
The goal of the JAC Human Rights Workstream is to act 
as one voice for human rights, living wage and conflict 
minerals. In February 2022, the European Commission launched 
a proposal for a directive on corporate sustainability due 
diligence. The aim of this directive is to foster sustainable and 
responsible corporate behavior and to anchor human rights 
and environmental considerations in companies’ operations and 
corporate governance. The new rules will ensure that businesses 
address adverse impacts of their actions, including in their 
value chains inside and outside Europe. In the Human Right 
Workstream, KPN has discussed this upcoming law in order to 
identify common practices and discrepancies, and to come up 
with viable options for an industry-wide approach.
56 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 57:
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Big steps towards a 
sustainable network
“This transformation 
makes KPN even 
more efficient”
Jeroen Cox - Strategic Lead Energy & Environment
Jikke op de Weegh - Lead Sustainability & Support
  
"KPN’s fixed and mobile networks have been running on 
green electricity since 2011 and KPN has been climate-neutral 
since 2015. In recent years, KPN has also taken significant 
steps to reduce energy consumption. For example, KPN’s 
absolute energy consumption has decreased by 35% since 
2010, while data consumption increased around 24x in the 
same period. Until 2030, KPN wants to save at least another 
8%. At the same time, KPN has formulated circular ambitions 
and set a goal to reduce emissions throughout the value chain 
to net zero by 2040. In this way, we are working in generations 
towards a sustainable and energy-efficient network.
In addition to these achievements and ambitions, an important 
decision was taken last year to obtain, from 2027, more than 50% 
of the electricity that KPN consumes from a wind farm. KPN will 
then purchase more than 200 GWh (gigawatt hours) of electricity 
on an annual basis from the new Hollandse Kust West wind farm, 
which is being built more than 50 km off the coast near IJmuiden.
2027 will be a very important year anyway, because by then almost 
all our customers will be using the internet via the fiber network 
that we are now rolling out at great speed. Because the power 
consumption of the new core network is significantly lower than 
the current copper network, less power supply and less cooling in 
the technical buildings is needed. In addition, the cabling consists 
of recycled materials by design, and the fiber network ensures 
less maintenance, which means fewer kilometers for engineers 
to travel.
With the migration from copper to fiber, ‘Fiber on, copper off’, we 
are making it possible to switch off the copper network in phases. 
KPN has a total of 1,300 technical buildings as part of our copper 
network. In the long-term, they will be turned off and reduced to 
approximately 160 future-proof technical buildings as part of the 
fiber network. This switch-off has already taken place in six test 
areas, with which we have gained experience on a larger scale for 
places where fiber is available from 2023.
Technical buildings take up more space and also consume more 
electricity. The related energy savings amount to almost 490 
MWh per year – this is equivalent to the power consumption of 
around 200 households. Whereas in the past a large telephone 
exchange was needed in a village or district, a small building or 
street cabinet is often sufficient now, as much less space is needed 
for network equipment, power supply, and cooling. This results in 
significant savings in space and maintenance costs. For example, 
a large plant of around 550 square meters can now be reduced to 
a floor space between two and 15 square meters. Converted, we 
are going from a total of around 192,000 square meters to around 
10,000 square meters. This transformation makes KPN even more 
efficient and improves the sustainability of our network."
57 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 58:
Corporate governance
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Steering the company
KPN’s corporate governance framework is in line with the requirements of the Dutch 
Civil Code, the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and applicable laws and regulations, 
including securities laws, and is aligned with our strategy. The company is governed by 
its Articles of Association and internal procedures, such as the by-laws of the Board of 
Management and Supervisory Board.
Legal structure of the company
Royal KPN N.V. is a public limited liability company established 
under the laws of the Netherlands, with ordinary shares listed 
on Euronext Amsterdam. Its Articles of Association were last 
amended on 20 April 2018. KPN has a two-tier management 
structure with a Board of Management and a Supervisory Board. 
KPN qualifies as a ‘large company’ (structuurvennootschap) 
within the meaning of the Dutch Civil Code and applies 
the relevant rules of Dutch corporate law. The Board of 
Management is entrusted with the management of the company. 
The Supervisory Board oversees strategic and commercial 
policymaking by the Board of Management and the way in which 
it manages and directs KPN’s operations. In the performance 
of their duties, the members of the Board of Management 
and the Supervisory Board are guided by the interests of 
the company and the enterprise connected with it, and take 
the relevant stakeholder interests into account. The Board 
of Management is accountable to the General Meeting of 
Shareholders in accordance with Dutch legislation. See Note 
24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details of KPN’s 
legal structure.
Shareholders
Share capital, listings and indices
KPN’s authorized share capital totals EUR 720m, divided into 9bn 
ordinary shares of EUR 4ct each and nine billion preference shares 
B of EUR 4ct each. As of 31 December 2022, a total of 4,037,319,593 
ordinary shares were outstanding. Since 13 June 1994, KPN’s 
ordinary shares have been listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ticker: 
KPN). KPN has a Level I American Depositary Receipt (ADR) 
program, which allows investors to trade KPN ADRs in the United 
States on the over-the-counter market (ticker symbol: KKPNY). 
KPN shares are included in a number of leading indices, including 
the AEX, the EURO STOXX Telecommunications Index and the 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Index.
General Meeting of Shareholders
The General Meeting of Shareholders holds all powers that have 
not been granted to other company bodies. It is authorized 
to appoint members of the Supervisory Board upon binding 
nomination by the Supervisory Board and to dismiss the 
Supervisory Board. The General Meeting of Shareholders 
also adopts the Financial Statements, releases the members 
of the Board of Management and Supervisory Board from 
liability, determines the dividend, determines the remuneration 
for members of the Supervisory Board and approves the 
remuneration policy and share (option) plans for the Board 
of Management. In addition, certain decisions are subject to 
the approval of the General Meeting of Shareholders, including 
decisions entailing a significant change in the identity or character 
of the company or its business and corporate matters, such 
as amendments to the company’s Articles of Association, a 
(de)merger or the dissolution of the company, and the issuance 
of shares or reduction of the issued capital of the company.
Within four months of the end of every fiscal year, the Board 
of Management prepares Financial Statements, accompanied 
by an Integrated Annual Report. The Financial Statements 
are submitted to the Supervisory Board for approval, and 
subsequently (within six months of the end of the fiscal year) to 
the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) for adoption, 
and to the Central Works Council for information purposes. 
Adoption of the Financial Statements does not automatically 
discharge the Board of Management or the Supervisory Board 
from liability. This requires a separate resolution by the AGM. 
Further General Meetings of Shareholders are held as often as 
the Supervisory Board or Board of Management deem necessary. 
The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board set the 
agenda of the General Meetings of Shareholders. Shareholders 
who individually or collectively represent at least 1% of the issued 
capital or who, according to the Official Price List of Euronext 
Amsterdam, represent at least a value of EUR 50m are entitled 
to propose items for the agenda, within the boundaries of the 
law. Every shareholder is entitled to attend a General Meeting of 
Shareholders, by default in person or through written proxy, to 
address the meeting and to exercise voting rights. In 2022, KPN’s 
58 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 59:
Corporate governance
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
AGM could be attended either in person or virtually, both enabling 
full exercise of meeting rights.
Obligations to disclose holdings
Pursuant to the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wft, Wet op 
het financieel toezicht), legal entities as well as natural persons 
must immediately notify the Netherlands Authority for the 
Financial Markets (AFM) when a shareholding reaches, exceeds 
or falls below certain thresholds of the issued capital. The AFM 
incorporates these notifications in the public register, which is 
available on its website. See Note 23 to the Financial Statements 
for notified KPN shareholdings as at 31 December 2022. Please see 
‘Composition of the boards’ (page 77) for information on insider 
transactions and share ownership by the members of the Board 
of Management and Supervisory Board.
Purchase of shares in the company’s own capital and issuance 
of new shares
With the general aim of flexibility in financing of the company, 
the AGM authorized the Board of Management to purchase 
shares in the company’s own capital and also decided to reduce 
the issued capital through cancellation of own shares held by 
the company by a number that could be determined by the 
Board of Management. The AGM also designated the Board of 
Management as the body authorized to issue ordinary shares and 
to grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares and to restrict 
or exclude statutory pre-emptive rights of existing shareholders 
upon such issuance or granting of rights. The above authorities 
and decisions are limited to a maximum of 10% of the issued 
capital as of 13 April 2022 and are applicable until 13 October 
2023. Resolutions by the Board of Management implementing the 
above are subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. In 
2022, based on these authorities, KPN completed a EUR 300m 
share buyback program, repurchasing 92,840,654 shares equal to 
2.2% of outstanding shares. 91,840,654 of the repurchased shares 
have been cancelled to reduce the share capital. KPN retained 
the remaining 1,000,000 repurchased shares to cover employee 
share plans.
Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Board of 
Management, guided by the interests of the company and 
the enterprise connected with it, and taking into account the 
interests of the stakeholders. It is closely involved in setting 
the strategy, including any ESG related elements, and monitors 
the implementation of that strategy, including the operational 
and financial results thereof. Major investments, acquisitions 
and various corporate matters are subject to Supervisory 
Board approval.
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the General 
Meeting of Shareholders upon binding nomination by the 
Supervisory Board. The Central Works Council has an enhanced 
right to recommend persons for nomination to the Supervisory 
Board for up to one-third of its members. The Supervisory Board 
must nominate the so recommended person unless it is of the 
opinion that the person would be unsuitable to fulfill the duties of 
a Supervisory Board member or such appointment would cause 
the Supervisory Board to be improperly composed. Pursuant 
to a specific arrangement with América Móvil, América Móvil is 
entitled, as long as it holds more than 10% of the shares in KPN, to 
designate one person to be nominated by the Supervisory Board 
for appointment as a member of the Supervisory Board.
According to the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board 
must comprise at least five and not more than nine members. 
Supervisory Board members are appointed for an initial term 
of four years, which ends at the first AGM after that term 
expires. They can be reappointed once for a four-year term and 
thereafter for a maximum of two terms of two years, provided 
specific reasons for such further reappointments are given. 
The Supervisory Board has determined its ‘profile’, defining the 
basic principles for its composition. All nominees for election 
to the Supervisory Board must fit this profile. According to this 
profile, the Supervisory Board must be composed in such a way 
that members of the Supervisory Board are able to operate 
independently of each other and of the Board of Management 
and that it is composed in a diverse manner on relevant aspects, 
including gender, background and expertise. The profile has lastly 
been revised in 2022 and is available on KPN’s website.
The by-laws of the Supervisory Board comprise, among other 
things, rules regarding the members’ duties, powers, working 
methods and decision-making, what decisions by the Board of 
Management it must approve, training and conflict handling. The 
by-laws are available on KPN’s website.
Committees of the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board has four committees: the Audit 
Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nominating 
& Corporate Governance Committee and the Strategy 
& Organization Committee. These committees assist the 
Supervisory Board in its decision-making and report their findings 
to the Supervisory Board. Their tasks are laid down in terms of 
reference, which are available on KPN’s website.
Further information on the activities of the Supervisory Board 
and its committees in 2022 can be found in the Report by the 
Supervisory Board.
59 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 60:
Corporate governance
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Board of Management
The Board of Management is responsible for setting KPN’s 
strategy and for managing KPN’s strategic, commercial, financial, 
operational, ESG and organizational matters. The Board of 
Management is accountable for its performance to the 
Supervisory Board and to the shareholders of the company. 
In performing its duties, the Board of Management focuses on 
long-term value creation for the company and the enterprise 
connected with it, taking into account stakeholder interests.
The members of the Board of Management are appointed and 
dismissed by the Supervisory Board. Members of the Board of 
Management are appointed for a four-year term, ending at the 
first AGM after that term expires. The by-laws of the Board 
of Management contain, among other things, rules regarding 
members’ duties, powers, working methods, decision-making and 
conflict-handling. The by-laws are available on KPN’s website.
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
ESG criteria are embedded in KPN’s strategy and organizational 
structure. ESG themes are defined and approved by the Board 
of Management, including their ambitions. Every ESG theme is 
assigned to a member of the senior management team who, as 
theme owner, is responsible for stakeholder dialogue, targets, 
progress and results. Each theme owner heads a committee, 
consisting of management of the key departments involved in 
this theme. The theme owners report to KPN’s corporate social 
responsibility (CSR) Manager, who is responsible for the overall 
reporting, approach and cohesion. The CSR Manager reports to 
the Director of Corporate Communication & CSR, who in turn 
reports to the CEO. Four times a year, ESG data is included in 
the overall set of business KPIs that is reported to and discussed 
with the Board of Management. To obtain sufficient outside 
reflection, stakeholder dialogues are held with external experts to 
advise KPN on its approach to ESG in general and more in-depth 
on the ESG themes. Climate-related risks and opportunities are 
considered integral to the governance of operations and ESG 
themes. Further details on governance and risk can be found in 
chapter Compliance and risk.
Compliance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code
KPN complies with all best practices of the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code (version 2016). For reporting of the pay ratio as 
referred to in best practice provision 3.4.1.iv, KPN uses a slightly 
different definition than guided by the monitoring committee. The 
average costs of external personnel are not part of the calculated 
pay ratio as no comparable headcount definitions are available 
within KPN to act as a solid reference. An overview of all principles 
and best practices of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
as well as KPN’s application of these in accordance with the 
‘comply or explain’ principle is available on KPN’s website. On 
20 December 2022 an updated version of the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code was published, applicable as of financial year 
2023. KPN will report on its compliance with the updated code in 
its Integrated Annual Report over 2023.
Conflict of interest
The handling of conflicts of interest between the company and 
members of the Board of Management or Supervisory Board 
is governed by Dutch law, the relevant provisions of the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code and the by-laws of the respective 
boards. A board member is required to immediately report any 
(potential) conflict of interest that is of material significance to 
the company and/or to the member concerned, to the chairman 
of the Supervisory Board (or, in the case of the chairman, to the 
vice-chairman of the Supervisory Board). That board member 
shall not take part in discussions or decision-making on a subject 
in which they have a conflict of interest. Decisions to enter into 
transactions in which there are conflicts of interest with members 
of each of these company bodies that are of material significance 
to the company or such member require the approval of the 
Supervisory Board.
There were no conflicts of interest in 2022.
For the Statement by the Board of Management and 
Responsibility Statement, see p. 76.
60 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 61:
Corporate governance
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Employee participation
KPN has implemented employee participation in accordance with 
the provisions of the Dutch Works Councils Act. Constructive 
employee participation is an integral part of our organization 
and allows employees to be involved in organizational matters 
in various ways and to have a say in their work. Employee 
participation is an important value for KPN and a part of its culture. 
To align employee participation processes with KPN’s practices, 
we have established several works councils specific to different 
business segments. These works councils are all represented 
in the Central Works Council, which is competent for subjects 
of common interest or subjects that concern a majority of the 
works councils. The Central Works Council interacts with the CEO, 
whereas individual works councils for each business segment 
interact with the director of that segment.
External auditor
The external auditor is responsible for auditing the Financial 
Statements. The AGM appoints the external auditor on a yearly 
basis, upon a proposal by the Supervisory Board. The external 
auditor reports to the Board of Management, the Audit Committee 
and the Supervisory Board to discuss findings pertaining to its 
agreed procedures for the quarterly financial results and audit of 
the annual financial results. The external auditor attends the AGM 
to answer questions pertaining to the Combined Independent 
Auditor’s Report, as included in the Integrated Annual Report. 
The Audit Committee approves every engagement of the external 
auditor, after pre-approval by the internal auditor, to ensure the 
external auditor’s independence. All Audit Committee meetings 
are attended by the external auditor. For the role of the internal 
auditor, see p. 74.
Foundation Preference Shares B KPN (Stichting 
Preferente Aandelen B KPN)
KPN has granted a call option, which is not limited in time, to 
the Foundation Preference Shares B KPN (the Foundation), to 
acquire a number of preference shares B in KPN, which have the 
same voting rights as ordinary shares, not exceeding the total 
issued number of ordinary shares, minus one share and minus 
any shares already issued to the Foundation. Upon exercise of 
the call option, 25% of the nominal value of EUR 4ct per Class 
B preference share needs to be paid by the Foundation. The 
statutory goal of the Foundation is to protect KPN’s interests 
(which includes the interests of stakeholders, such as customers, 
shareholders and employees), by, among others, protecting KPN 
from influences that may threaten its continuity, independence 
and identity. Consequently, in the event of any circumstances 
where the company is subject to influences as described above 
and taking public security considerations into account, the board 
of the Foundation may decide to exercise the call option, with 
a view to enabling the company to determine its position in 
relation to the circumstances as referred to above, and seek 
alternatives. The board of the Foundation is of the opinion that 
under normal circumstances it should not exercise its voting 
rights for longer than a limited period. The members of the board 
of the Foundation are A.P. Aris (Chair), F. van der Wel, P.N. Wakkie 
and C.F.H. Vogelzang. The Board of Management has concluded 
that the board of the Foundation is independent from KPN in 
accordance with parts c and d of the first subsection of article 5:71 
of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act.
The views of the board of the Foundation, summarized above, are 
published on the Foundation’s website.
61 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 62:
Tax and regulations
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Monitoring tax and regulations proactively
KPN is subject to taxation, as well as to sector specific regulation. We apply an open 
and proactive approach to authorities and regulators on these topics, aiming for fair and 
transparent taxation and regulation, enabling us to be in control of compliance.
Tax profile and current tax position
Tax profile
KPN's tax strategy and principles1 are inspired by KPN's Code 
of Conduct and the Tax Governance Code (published by VNO-
NCW)2. KPN follows a tax approach in which principles of mutual 
trust, understanding and transparency are elementary. 
KPN's Total Tax Contribution (TTC) is considered as the main and 
material driver for KPN's tax governance and fair tax contribution 
to environment and society. KPN’s corporate tax department 
does not have a particular focus on SDGs (see Our value for 
stakeholders: Impact on society for KPN's efforts on society and 
environment) and within that framework tax follows the business.
As KPN is mainly operating from the Netherlands, the TTC is 
almost exclusively paid to the authorities of the Netherlands. We 
refer to our list of legal entities3 for an overview of our existing 
Dutch investments and investments (mainly legacy) in countries 
outside the Netherlands. As a result, KPN's impact on society and 
environment, is limited to these Dutch operations.
The following ESG figure provides an overview of KPN's impact to 
the community:
Overlapping Tax & ESG
Tax in Governance
• ESG policy alignment:  
KPN contributes tax to the society 
and the environment in the country 
where it operates
• TTC is main driver for a fair 
contribution to environment 
and society
Tax in Social
•  TTC includes social security 
 (see detail TTC in this chapter)
•  TTC is paid in the country 
 where it operates
Tax in Environmental
•  KPN is climate-neutral and does 
not pay any carbon tax.
•  KPN does not pay any 
material environmental 
taxes
As part of KPN's control environment as described in chapter 
Compliance and risk, a detailed tax risk appetite dashboard 
is defined for the tax objective in line with the prudent risk 
appetite KPN has in general. KPN's tax objective is covered 
in its tax strategy and principles. Inspired by best practice 
around tax governance and compliance, KPN's Corporate Tax 
department manages all relevant taxes and secures optimal use 
of subsidy opportunities, whereby KPN adheres to its tax strategy 
and principles. It is important to KPN to create sufficient tax 
awareness throughout the organization. Therefore, KPN regularly 
organizes meetings, knowledge updates and training, to ensure 
employees act with integrity and adhere to KPN’s tax strategy and 
principles. The whistleblower policy4 therefore also applies to tax. 
Misconduct or suspicion thereof relating to tax must be reported.
1 See for more information https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/English/7070/tax-strategy-_-policy.html
2 See for more information https://www.vno-ncw.nl/sites/default/files/25580_20220219_vno-ncw_tax_governance_code_eng_-_1_v4.pdf
3 See for complete list Appendix 1 About this report
4 See for more information Compliance and risk paragraph
62 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 63:
Tax and regulations
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
An important pillar in its tax strategy and principles is KPN's 
Tax Control Framework (TCF). The function of the TCF is to 
determine, monitor and mitigate tax risks and to ensure complete, 
accurate and timely tax reporting including compliance. The TCF 
is an integrated part of KPN's control environment and subject 
to the three lines of defense1. KPN's Corporate Tax department 
is responsible for effectively identifying, assessing and managing 
the main tax risks of the company and an effective and operational 
TCF. Identified tax risks and the TCF effectiveness is monitored 
and evaluated every quarter with the CFO, as the responsible 
representative of the Board of Management. KPN's tax strategy 
and principles are confirmed by the Board of Management 
annually (see Statement by the Board of Management and 
Responsibility Statement). Major identified tax risks (including 
countermeasures) are explained in Appendix 8 List of top risks. 
The effectiveness of the TCF is audited by the Internal Audit 
department once a year to ensure a dynamic and up-to-date 
tax-control environment.
With regard to the involvement of third-party expertise, KPN 
applies the principles as set in its tax strategy and principles and 
expects the relevant experts involved to take into account these 
guiding principles when providing the requested tax expertise.
We refer to the tax section Appendix 13 GRI index for references 
to other sections for further details on the role of tax within KPN.
Current tax position
In 2022, the following main developments and projects were 
relevant to KPN from a tax perspective:
• The realization of previously unrealized liquidation losses. As a 
result, KPN paid significantly less tax in 2022 compared to 2021.
• Monitoring the tax consequences of KPN's investment in the 
joint venture Glaspoort (see also Note 12).
• Determine and implement tax (reporting) consequences of 
several treasury events (share buyback program, issue of a 
green hybrid bond and the tender offer of USD capital securities 
- see Note 7 and Note 13 for further details).
• The German Tax Authorities finalized their tax audit of the 
remaining/former E-Plus companies. The overall net impact is 
zero. As all relevant tax years have been audited, KPN will now 
proceed to dissolve the respective legal entities. (see also Note 
8 and Appendix 8).
• Court procedure on VAT calculation methodology regarding 
the introduction of new mobile consumer propositions in 
August 2016. For further details see forward looking in this 
chapter, Note 20 and Appendix 8.
• Tax credit on Research and Development: KPN is continuously 
monitoring its innovation activities to substantiate the R&D tax 
credit on labor costs (Research and Development Promotion 
Act, further in this report abbreviated as WBSO).
• The tax figures reported in this section of the chapter is part 
of an external assurance review by the independent auditor as 
from this year.
Tax contribution report
Tax metrics
Normalized
ETR 23.0%
in 2021: 22.4%
Eff. tax rate
(ETR) 23.0%
in 2021:
21.1%
ECTR
tax rate 6.5%
in 2021:
17.9%
Cash tax rate
(CTR) 8.5%2
in 2021:
16.8%
The differences between the different tax metrics can be 
explained as follows:
• the statutory and normalized effective tax rate is the result of the 
tax benefit realized on the innovation box facility.
• the effective tax rate (as explained in more detail in Note 8 
Taxation) is equal to the normalized tax rate as the one-off items 
off set to nil.
• the effective tax rate and the effective current tax rate (ECTR) 
deviate due to the impact of available tax losses (carry forward), 
temporary differences (between the tax basis of assets and 
liabilities and their carrying values) and updates based on prior 
year tax returns filed in 2022.
• the effective current tax rate and the cash tax rate is mainly 
caused by cash taxes paid on prior taxable years (mainly 2021).
Due to the expected carry back of 2022 realized losses to the 2021 
taxable profit, the 2021 ECTR of 17.9% would have been 13.3% (see 
the paragraph 'Forward-looking' in this chapter for more details).
1 See for more information Compliance and risk paragraph
2 Of which investing activities 3.5% (2021: 12.1%)
63 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 64:
Tax and regulations
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Total tax contribution
Taxes paid by KPN include:
• Taxes paid by KPN - Corporate income taxes and other taxes 
(e.g. real estate tax)
• Taxes collected and paid by KPN as outcome of its activities - 
VAT, wage tax and social security, dividend tax and other taxes 
(e.g. energy tax)
2022
In € million
VAT: 643 (56%)
Wage tax and social
security: 348 (30%)
Dividend tax: 68 (6%)
Corporate income tax: 84¹
(7%)
Other taxes: 12 (1%)
Total taxes: 1,155 (100%)
1 Of which related to investing activities EUR 34m, see Note 21
2021
In € million
VAT: 594 (46%)
Wage tax and social
security: 342 (27%)
Dividend tax: 65 (5%)
Corporate income tax: 274¹
(21%)
Other taxes: 10 (1%)
Total taxes: 1,285 (100%)
1 Of which related to investing activities EUR 197m, see Note 21
Government allowances
Government allowances include:
• Tax deduction on current year innovation box facility ("iBox")
• Tax credits on research and development ("WBSO")
• Other: European and national government grants
iBox: 29 (98%)
WBSO: 0 (0%)
Other: 0 (2%)
Total allowances: 29 (100%)
2022
iBox: 40 (91%)
WBSO: 3 (8%)
Other: 0 (1%)
Total allowances: 43 (100%)
2021
The WBSO for 2022 is to be received in 2023 (2021: 2021). The 
tax deduction on the innovation box facility for 2021 includes a 
EUR 19m one-off related to the realization of the Glaspoort joint 
venture and the transaction with Glaspoort and APG to extend the 
fiber roll-out.
64 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 65:
Tax and regulations
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Stakeholder engagement and forward looking
Stakeholder engagement
The relationship with the Dutch tax authorities is based on 
the principles of mutual trust, understanding and transparency. 
KPN is self-assessing and discusses in a pro-active and 
transparent manner current and potential future tax issues 
with the Dutch tax authorities. In line with their policy, that 
applies to the 100 largest and most complex organizations, 
the Dutch tax authorities prepared an Individual Monitoring 
Plan ("Individueel Toezichtsplan") based on the aforementioned 
principles with KPN.
Although KPN acknowledges today's high standard for 
multinationals to operate in a world on a fair tax principle, KPN is 
not always in the position to require the same standard from other 
parties that KPN does business with.
KPN continues active participation in representative associations, 
including public-policy advocacy on tax, that seek to develop 
best practice around tax-related disclosures (see Appendix 
3 Materiality assessment). KPN liaises with tax departments 
of other companies through (in)formal consultative bodies to 
exchange views. It also uses NGOs and benchmark studies, like 
the Dutch Association of Investors for Sustainable Development 
(VBDO), to receive feedback on (tax) items that are important 
in the current and future environment to operate in a 
transparent and responsible manner. KPN's tax department 
actively participates at (tax) seminars and courses to keep up to 
date with developments on taxation, including its effects on the 
environment and society.
Forward-looking
KPNs unrealized losses as per 2021 were realized in 2022, resulting 
in a carry back to a part of the 2021 taxable profit. As such, after 
filing of the 2022 corporate income tax return in 2023 a refund of 
approximately EUR 75m tax paid over 2021 is expected. As the 
realized loss can only be offset against 50% of the taxable profit 
in 2023 and following years, KPN's income tax payments will likely 
be higher in 2023 compared to 2022. Due to the fiscal unity loss 
compensation rules, certain profits within the KPN Group are not 
eligible to be offset against these (future) available losses. Based 
on current projections, KPN will utilize all losses in the foreseeable 
future for which a deferred tax asset is recognized.
In Q4 2022, the Dutch Ministry of Finance published draft 
legislation for domestic implementation of the Organization 
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) initiative 
to implement a global minimum tax, known as "Pillar II" and 
simultaneously started a public consultation on the same. It is 
anticipated to apply the legislation for FY 2024 and onwards. 
If implemented, impact on KPN is expected to be limited to 
additional compliance and administrative activities. KPN closely 
monitors the developments in this respect.
KPN continuously monitors potential developments in the tax 
environment that may affect its tax position, including:
• EU/OECD harmonization of corporate income taxes
• Potential reform of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act
• Environmental and energy taxes
KPN will continue to extend and optimize its tax control 
framework, and as part of KPN's total IT landscape, by simplifying, 
automating and integrating administrative processes, controls 
and systems in the near future.
The introduction of new mobile consumer propositions in August 
2016 caused a change in the VAT calculation methodology which 
resulted in a lower remittance of VAT from August 2016 until 
December 2018. KPN’s view is not shared by the Dutch tax 
authorities. KPN concluded, based on the applicable regulations, 
that a positive outcome of this dispute is not highly probable 
and therefore recorded a contract liability for the VAT amount. 
Additionally, an amount for the corresponding interest amount 
has been accounted for. A potential final negative outcome of 
the current court procedure will lead to a negative cash flow in 
future years. Court procedures are pending. For further details, 
see also Note 20 Contract liabilities, trade and other payables and 
Appendix 8 List of top risks.
65 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 66:
Tax and regulations
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Regulation affects our business
KPN is subject to sector-specific regulation and enforcement 
thereof by regulatory authorities, such as the Netherlands 
Authority for Consumers & Markets (ACM) and the Dutch 
Authority for Digital Infrastructure. As outlined in the chapter 
‘Compliance and risk’, KPN’s internal risk management and control 
systems are designed to minimize the risk of non-compliance with 
such regulation.
European developments
Regulation of the electronic communications markets is largely 
based on European legislation. The EU’s roaming and open 
internet-access regulations are directly applicable in all member 
states. An updated Roaming Regulation entered into force 
by July 2022, reconfirming the ‘roam-like-at-home’ principle. 
In addition to sector-specific regulation, KPN is subject to 
general regulations, such as privacy law, content-related law 
and consumer protection law.
Regulation regarding electronic markets, the Digital Markets Act 
and the Digital Services Act entered into force in November 2022. 
In addition, to strengthen cybersecurity in Europe, the Network 
and Information Security Directive (NIS2) was adopted by the 
European Parliament in November 2022. The directive now has to 
be finally approved by the Council, after which this legislation has 
to be implemented in Dutch law.
Various legislative instruments that may have impact on KPN in 
the future are still being discussed by EU institutions e.g. the draft 
AI act, the Data Act and the Cyber Resilience Act. 
Security concerns based on geopolitical developments
Stakeholders at both a European and a national level are paying 
greater attention to security concerns in relation to control 
over telecom operators via investment and to potential security 
risks in networks. In the Netherlands, legislation has limited 
operators in their use of equipment from non-Western vendors 
in specifically designated (critical) parts of mobile networks. 
Additionally, specific security requirements for mobile networks 
have been published in a Ministerial Decree.
Spectrum licenses
The auction of the 3.5 GHz band has been postponed 
until after the summer of 2023. At the request of Inmarsat 
(telecommunications company specializing in satellites), who also 
uses the spectrum, the courts have suspended the necessary 
reallocation of the spectrum. The ministry has embraced a 
solution offered by an advisory committee in May 2022 that 
protects Inmarsat’s emergency communications while allowing 
the band to be deployed for Inmarsat as soon as possible. 
Currently, the finalization of the band plan is on hold as the 
ministry is studying input from various stakeholders on the 
optimal location of the private networks versus the public mobile 
networks. The minister has announced a new bandplan where 
spectrum is reserved for these local private networks at the band 
edges. This new and final bandplan is due to be published in 
February 2023, shortly after which the auction regulations will be 
published for consultation.
The 26 GHz band is the last priority 5G band to be made available 
in the Netherlands. The government intends to proceed with 
its assignment after the 3.5 GHz auction, while also taking into 
consideration advice from the Dutch Health Council in relation to 
health and safety (Gezondheidsraad).
Market analysis decisions in the Netherlands
In August 2022, the ACM took a decision to declare binding 
commitments from KPN to improve the conditions to access 
KPN’s fiber networks. The commitments are binding until 2030. 
This reduces uncertainty for KPN and other market players for the 
coming years. The binding decision may be challenged in court. 
However, based on ACM’s communications, KPN sees only a small 
chance that traditional ex ante regulation will be implemented in 
the near future.
ACM will monitor regularly whether Dutch telecommunication 
markets are competitive. Most markets were already liberalized in 
the past.
There is still a discussion about ‘symmetric access’ obligations 
(without the need for significant market power findings), 
which have been introduced in the European Electronic 
Communications Code (this was implemented in Dutch law 
by December 2020). This is about wholesale access to non-
replicable cable infrastructure to (local) customer premises. What 
this obligation amounts to in the Netherlands has not yet been 
defined. The ACM may – on request of operators – define a 
broader application of the provision than the rather local scope of 
the obligation that KPN currently foresees.
66 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 67:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Maintaining effective risk management
Deploying effective risk management is a key success factor for realizing our company’s 
objectives. For this reason, KPN has implemented robust Internal Risk Management and 
Control Systems.
5
Report  
top risks,  
trends and  
incidents
4
Assess risks  
and counter- 
measures
1
Implement  
strong  
risk culture
2
Objective  
and strategy- 
setting
3
Deﬁne risk 
appetite
Our Internal Risk Management and 
Control Systems and methodology
Maintaining effective Internal Risk Management and Control 
Systems requires a continuous and iterative process involving 
several steps. A strong risk culture and control environment form 
an important foundation of our control systems. After setting 
the strategy, the Board of Management defines its willingness to 
accept risks (risk appetite) in the pursuit of strategic objectives. 
Management subsequently assesses the main risks that could 
hinder the realization of the strategic objectives and defines and 
implements countermeasures to mitigate such risks, taking the 
risk appetite into account.
At least annualy, KPN’s performance, top risks, countermeasures, 
trends and incidents are reported to and discussed with the 
Board of Management, which defines further remedial actions 
if necessary.
1. Implement strong risk culture 
(control environment)
KPN strives for a business culture in which compliance and 
integrity are self-evident for all employees. We realize this through 
several actions including the following:
• The KPN Code of Conduct (the Code) applies to all 
KPN employees, including the Board of Management, the 
Supervisory Board, subsidiaries and temporary staff. The KPN 
Company Code describes how we fulfill our objectives. Based on 
eight principles, we explain how we deal with people, resources 
and environment. It describes KPN’s values (trust, courage and 
growth) and how we work in an open, transparent, honest and 
socially responsible way. We communicate the Code on our 
corporate website (ir.kpn.com), our intranet, via mandatory 
e-learning training for all employees, and online learning 
interventions (‘workouts’) that target specific segments of 
the employee population. We have a stringent approach to 
bribery and corruption, fraud and all other forms of (illegal) 
misconduct, including facilitation payments. The effectiveness 
of, and compliance with, the Code is structurally assessed by:
1. Actively detecting and investigating any alleged misconduct 
and taking appropriate disciplinary action if misconduct 
is substantiated
2. Monitoring that all staff (both internal and external) have 
completed the e-learning training for the Code
3. Structural reporting of incidents to the Board of 
Management and to the Supervisory Board
• To strengthen awareness and the tone at the top and at 
other management levels, we conduct fraud risk assessments, 
including a risk assessment on attitude and behavior, and 
provide integrity training.
• To emphasize our desired company culture and behavior and 
to create awareness in the business, we have implemented 
a communication and training program on compliance and 
integrity subjects. Information that is important to share 
because of (changes to) applicable policies, laws or regulations 
or because of a necessity or demand in business (risk- 
67 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 68:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
or need-based) is shared through e-learning, workshop or 
classroom training.
• The Business Control Framework (BCF) comprises all corporate 
policies and guidelines that are mandatory for all of KPN’s 
segments and entities. Every other year, senior management 
receive an e-learning course on the main principles and policies 
of the (revised) BCF.
• KPN requires all employees, and encourages external parties, 
to report (anonymously, if desired) any misconduct by KPN 
employees (or suspicion of this). Our whistleblower policy 
complies with the Dutch Whistleblower Act.
• We periodically measure the state of our organizational culture, 
compliance and integrity as perceived by our employees 
and report results as well as plans for improvement to a 
large part of senior management, and initiate responses, if 
deemed necessary. In chapter Driving growth with engaged and 
motivated staff (p. 27), we describe how we create a culture that 
contributes to our growth strategy.
2. Objective and strategy-setting
KPN’s objectives and strategy are described on p9. During the 
objective and strategy-setting process, senior management takes 
into account the company’s known risks and opportunities, and 
its risk appetite (see next step). The objectives and strategy are 
discussed with the Supervisory Board.
3. Define risk appetite
Pursuing any business objective inevitably leads to taking risks. 
Risks can jeopardize achieving those objectives in various ways. 
Each type of risk encountered is dealt with in a manner that 
matches the risk appetite of the Board of Management. The 
risk appetite is the total residual impact of risks that KPN is 
willing to accept in the pursuit of its strategic objectives. The 
risk appetite per strategic objective or risk area is determined by 
the Board of Management every year. These risk areas include 
financial, operational, strategic, compliance and (information) 
security themes.
Risk areas with a low-risk appetite, and hence a low acceptable 
residual risk, require strong risk management and strong internal 
controls. Risk areas with a high-risk appetite require relatively less 
risk management and internal control effort.
KPN has a prudent risk appetite, which can be described as follows 
per risk category:
• Strategic risks: in the pursuit of our strategic objectives, KPN is 
willing to accept reasonable risks in a responsible way, taking 
into account our stakeholders’ interests.
• Operational risks: KPN is committed to a high quality of 
customer service, which is reflected in a high NPS. We aim to 
limit the number of interruptions to our networks, services, and 
systems as much as possible. We implement strict policies to 
keep our networks and customer data private, safe and secure.
• Financial risks: we strive for the right balance between a prudent 
financing policy, sufficient investments in the business and fair 
shareholder remuneration. KPN is committed to an investment-
grade credit profile. See Note 13 to the Financial Statements.
• Tax risks: KPN’s overall risk appetite for tax (including tax 
compliance) is to respect the text and spirit of the law at all times. 
KPN defined a separate tax risk appetite dashboard in order to 
keep the number of tax errors to a minimum and prevent any tax 
exposures. Where alternative routes exist to achieve the same 
commercial results, KPN will pursue the most tax efficient and 
responsible approach in the interest of all stakeholders.
• Compliance risks: we are committed to fully complying with 
relevant laws and regulations and have a zero tolerance 
approach to bribery and corruption, fraud and all other forms of 
(illegal) misconduct.
• Financial reporting risks: we aim to minimize the risk of material 
misstatements and errors in our Financial Statements.
68 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 69:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
4. Assess risks and countermeasures
KPN has implemented effective Internal Risk Management and 
Control Systems to manage its main risks. The main part of these 
systems comprises seven KPN Internal Control Systems, which 
cover the most relevant risk areas for KPN, as summarized in the 
table below:
KPN Control System Control System objective
Liquidity Management & 
Financial Framework
To maintain sufficient liquidity for continuity 
purposes and maintaining ﬁnancial ﬂexibility
Year Plan & Year Outlook To create value
Network Service Levels To maintain customer service delivery levels
RFR GRIP Framework To maintain investor trust
Compliance Frameworks To maintain licenses to operate
Main Non-Financial KPIs To measure strategic success and 
integrated reporting
IT Security & Continuity To mitigate cybersecurity threats
For each category of objectives (strategic, operational, 
sustainability, financial, compliance and reliable financial 
reporting), KPN has defined different control systems.
Strategic objectives
Every year, we assess the top risks at group (top-down approach) 
and segment level (bottom-up approach), and, if necessary, 
we implement countermeasures to mitigate them within the 
defined risk appetite. We conducted risk assessments with our 
Consumer, Business, Wholesale and Operations segments, as 
well as with selected staff functions in the Corporate Center in 
2022. The business objectives are detailed in a strategic business 
plan. Every quarter, segments perform a ‘most likely’ forecast 
four to six quarters ahead on their main financials and key 
performance indicators (the rolling forecast). Segments update 
the main risks and opportunities, resulting in a bandwidth of 
outcomes around expected performance. Each month, segment 
management discusses their actual performance with the Board 
of Management.
Scenario analyses and stress testing
In 2022 we performed scenario analyses to test the impact of 
several extreme events on KPN's financial health. Scenarios that 
were tested related to different extreme instances of supply 
chain issues, inflation, cyber attacks, climate change leading to 
high water levels and the entrance of a new mobile provider. 
For a selection of these events, KPN is investigating preventive 
and reactive countermeasures to mitigate the likelihood and/or 
consequences if such extreme events arise.
Operational objectives
KPN has business continuity plans in place to safeguard the 
continuity of services to customers and critical systems and 
processes. To manage our information security and privacy risks, 
we have implemented the KPN Security Policy as part of the BCF. 
For more details, see chapter Privacy and security (p. 45).
We have implemented ISO standards in designated areas to 
certify operational processes. Additionally, we continuously 
simplify and digitalize services and processes. We have 
implemented quality improvement plans where necessary. 
Compliance with environmental law is covered by our ISO 
14001 certificate.
All our suppliers comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Through this code, suppliers confirm that they support and 
respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights 
and operate in the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations 
(e.g. by preventing discrimination, child labor or forced labor, 
and by recognizing and respecting the environment in their 
business operations).
For information about the investigation into the security of our 
legal intercept facilities, please refer to p48.
Sustainability objectives
Risks related to climate change and compliance with new 
environmental legislation are managed in line with our Risk 
Management and Control Systems. For example, flooding risks 
(caused by heavy rainfall or rising sea levels) or continuing 
drought and heat could damage our networks and systems. 
As such, these risks are managed in KPN’s business continuity 
strategy. With our climate-neutral performance for our own 
operations and continued focus on absolute energy reduction, 
we are in a very good position to meet new regulations 
and customers’ expectations –see chapter Environmental 
performance and responsible supply chain (p. 50). Read 
more in Appendix 3: Transparency, materiality and stakeholder 
engagement on our alignment in our reporting with the 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
framework. In 2020, KPN performed scenario analyses for climate 
risks to analyze the vulnerability of our critical infrastructure to 
changing climate effects. For more information on these analyses, 
see our Integrated Annual Report 2020 (p. 75-76). In 2021, we 
added further details to these climate scenario analyses, raising 
senior management’s awareness of climate and flooding risks 
as a result. Information from the scenario analyses also helped 
protect and repair telecom infrastructure and services in Limburg 
during the July 2021 floods. In 2022, we updated and extended 
the climate scenario analyses (for extreme precipitation, flooding 
and heatwaves) to all technical buildings (including points of 
presence) and street cabinets.
69 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 70:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
In terms of climate adaptation, we ran a pilot in Arnhem and gave 
the roof of a technical building a green roof – a move that is also in 
line with our efforts on biodiversity. Together with other network 
operators in the Groene Netten coalition, we jointly improve 
biodiversity within the ecological areas around our infrastructure.
We have also noticed the importance of having a leading 
sustainable strategy to attract and retain talent.
Circularity
The circular economy aims to reduce the impact of the materials 
used in our products and services. This strategy not only reduces 
risks concerning the availability of the future availability of 
materials and the risk of price volatility, but also prepares 
our company for future market demands, given that society 
aims to become more sustainable and reduce its carbon 
footprint. At the same time, circular business models mean 
rethinking our business and coming up with new innovations. For 
more information, see chapter Environmental performance and 
responsible supply chain.
Sustainable employability
For more information, see chapter Sustainable employability 
(p. 27).
Financial objectives
KPN’s Corporate Treasury department manages risks related 
to cash and debt positions, finance agreements, credit ratings, 
currency and interest exposures, counterparty risks, and non-life 
insurance (see Note 13 to the Financial Statements). Corporate 
Treasury has defined policies with clear boundaries for these risks. 
Compliance with these policies is monitored frequently.
Tax objectives
KPN’s tax objective, including tax compliance, is covered in 
KPN’s tax strategy and principles. As a core part of corporate 
responsibility and governance, with respect to society and 
environment, the Corporate Tax department recommends the 
most tax-efficient and responsible approach in the interest of all 
stakeholders, while adhering to KPN’s tax policy and complying 
with all relevant tax laws and regulations. This determines KPN’s 
overall tax-risk appetite. As KPN proactively engages with Dutch 
and other tax authorities, tax exposures, if any, are contained and 
under control. Besides potential tax exposure, reputational risk is 
always part of the consideration to apply particular tax planning. 
See also the separate chapter Tax and regulations (p. 62).
Compliance objectives
Our compliance risk assessment (CRA) framework comprises 
an integrated framework that oversees risks mainly related to 
compliance with telecommunications, competition, consumer, 
financial services (e.g. credit) and privacy legislation. We 
also monitor compliance with Solvency II requirements (KPN 
Insurance). For compliance risks, we have implemented relevant 
processes and controls that are continuously monitored. For most 
of our key controls, compliance controls are tested by dedicated 
staff throughout the year.
Reliable financial reporting objectives
Our internal controls for Reliable Financial Reporting (also known 
as RFR GRIP Framework) ensure that material misstatements in 
KPN’s Financial Statements are prevented or detected in a timely 
manner. Each quarter, Risk Management and KPN Audit assess 
the overall effectiveness of the controls before publication of 
the quarterly figures. The Quarterly Reporting Review Team 
(with members from Corporate Reporting, General Counsel 
Office, Treasury, Corporate Communications, Tax, Internal Audit 
and Investor Relations) examines all reports and documents 
containing financial information that are intended for external 
publication, to ensure that these fairly represent KPN's financial 
position and results.
5. Report top risks, trends and incidents
Segment management provides the Board of Management with 
a quarterly letter of representation regarding the reliability of 
their financial reporting, the effectiveness of their internal controls 
over financial reporting, risk management and compliance with 
telecommunication laws, internal policies and other laws and 
regulations. Twice a year, Corporate Control reports top risks and 
countermeasures to the Board of Management, including any of 
the main improvement actions.
Critical concerns are communicated on a quarterly basis to 
both the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board. 
This communication consists of a GRIP report, a Compliance 
report, an external audit report and an internal audit report. The 
GRIP report is most comprehensive and includes all risks for 
KPN communicated by risk managers. The Compliance report 
comprises mostly risks on new regulations and incidents. The 
external audit report comprises mostly financial risks for KPN 
whereas the internal audit report reports financial and IT security 
risks. The Board of Management closely monitors all risks and 
defines procedures and working methods for critical risks. All risks 
are reviewed by the Audit Committee.
Summary of main risks and countermeasures
The table on p72 provides a summary of KPN’s main risks 
and countermeasures, including the expected trends and impact. 
It also lists a selection of KPIs that are used to monitor the 
development of the risks and the realization of our risk appetite. 
The KPIs are frequently monitored in KPN’s planning and control 
cycle, and discussed in the Board of Management’s business 
reviews with segment management, including improvement 
70 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 71:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
actions where necessary. This is important as the risks might 
directly affect our external stakeholders and the value we create.
For a more extensive list of our risks and countermeasures, see 
Appendix 8, which is also part of this Report by the Board of 
Management. Appendix 8 includes risks that are emerging, for 
example relating to:
• KPN’s dependence on suppliers and the (international) supply 
chain, the scarcity of equipment, raw materials, and energy
• Inflation and rising prices (e.g. for energy)
• KPN’s ability to attract and retain qualified and diverse staff 
members as the war for talent increases
• Pandemics (including possible unforeseen developments 
around COVID-19)
• Geopolitical volatility, driven by rising international tensions, 
protectionism and security concerns, may impact our ability to 
do business in any part of the world. These concerns could 
lead to international bans and other sanctions on hardware and 
software suppliers.
• The increase in new entrants offering alternative or private 
networks, e.g. for telecom or IoT services. Because of these 
alternative networks, customers are no longer dependent on 
the networks of existing providers, which could lead to higher 
churn in the longer run and lower cash flows to finance new 
investments. KPN addresses this upcoming risk by continuing 
large-scale fiber roll-out at a high pace and offering distinctive 
5G services for B2B customers.
• Continued climate changes in the future could lead to rising 
sea levels, extreme rainfall or extreme heat and drought. These 
weather conditions could disrupt our systems and networks and 
consequently, could negatively affect the quality of our services 
and customer satisfaction. KPN addresses this emerging risk 
by investing in the high-quality and resilient design of our 
networks, and by performing scenario analyses for climate 
risks. KPN also has a strong Business Continuity Management 
program, with adequate back-up and recovery plans in case 
of emergencies.
As stated in section 3 sub 1.c of the Non-financial Information 
Disclosure Decree (Besluit bekendmaking niet-financiële 
informatie) of 14 March 2017, KPN has identified and assessed its 
main risks regarding environmental, social and personnel matters, 
human rights and anti-bribery and corruption.
The table in Appendix 3 provides an overview of parties for whom 
we consider ourselves responsible for the implementation of our 
non-financial policy.
71 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 72:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Main risks
Risk
Risk has impact on 
Strategic objective:
Risk category and 
risk appetite Main countermeasures (summary) Impact
Strong competition from 
current competitors or new 
market entrants (including 
big tech), or new emerging 
disruptive technologies
Grow & strengthen 
customer footprint
Strategic risk
KPN is willing to accept 
reasonable risks in a 
responsible way.
• Offer converged services such as KPN ÉÉN MKB, KPN 
Smart Combinations and KPN Hussel.
• Implement a superior network by rolling out ﬁber at a 
fast pace and full modernization of mobile network and 
improving in-home WiFi coverage.
• Improve customer experience by optimizing and 
digitalizing customer journeys.
• Offer high-quality service to customers.
• Develop new additional services for customers, such as 
super WiFi or security.
High: the described risk 
could lead to lower 
proﬁtability as well as 
lower market shares. In 
the longer run, it could 
impact our continuity.
Trend: 
 1 Monitoring KPI:
  Market shares
Service revenues
# Fiber homes passed
Damage, service 
interruptions, operational 
issues in KPN’s technical 
infrastructure and IT
Insufficient transformation 
progress due to 
complexity, and legacy in 
KPN’s operations
Leverage & expand 
superior networks;
Simplify & streamline 
operating model
Operational risk
KPN is committed to 
high quality of customer 
services and to limiting 
disruptions as much 
as possible.
• Implement a superior network by rolling out ﬁber at a fast 
pace and full modernization of mobile network, moving 
to All-IP.
• Operations stability program to ensure availability of our 
(critical) services.
• Business Continuity Management, back-up and recovery 
plans in case of emergencies.
• Implement lean operating model, including digitalization, 
and rationalization of networks, IT, processes and portfolio.
Medium-high: the 
incidents could 
negatively impact 
KPN’s customer 
satisfaction, reputation 
and proﬁtability. This 
risk could impact 
our continuity.
Trend: 
 2 Monitoring KPI:
NPS
Network availability
# major incidents
# Fiber homes passed
Cybersecurity attacks or 
terrorism: threats by 
malicious actors to the 
security of KPN’s networks, 
IT and (customer) data
Leverage & expand 
superior networks
Operational risk
KPN is committed to 
limiting incidents as 
much as possible and 
implements strict policies 
to keep our networks and 
customer data private, 
safe and secure.
• Implementation of baseline security measures according to 
the KPN Security Policy.
• Continuous improvement of security according to the KPN 
Security Lifecycle.
• Enhanced risk intelligence and increased network visibility.
• Continuous development of security capabilities (people, 
processes and technologies).
• Execution of strategic security actions, e.g. Permanent 
Vulnerability Management.
High: the incidents 
could lead to loss/theft 
of customer data, higher 
costs, penalties and 
reputational damage. 
This risk could impact 
our continuity.
Trend: 
 1 Monitoring KPI:
Severity and # of 
security incidents
# data leakages
Geopolitical developments 
for high-risk vendors, which 
could trigger security, 
business continuity and 
reputational risks. New 
regulations or bans could 
lead to higher investment 
costs in future.
Leverage & expand 
superior networks
Strategic/Operational/
Compliance risks
KPN is committed to 
a high quality of 
customer services and 
to keep our networks and 
customer data private, 
safe and secure.
KPN is committed to full 
compliance with relevant 
laws and regulations.
• Conduct frequent threat and risk analyses and closely 
monitor latest global and political developments.
• Perform scenario analyses during network design to assess 
potential implications of geopolitical developments.
• Prepare fallback scenarios and policies if KPN can no 
longer acquire or use hardware and software from specific 
suppliers and avoid dependence on single vendors or 
countries for critical or vital services.
• Maintain and continuously update the KPN Security 
Policy and monitor continuous compliance with 
security requirements.
High: the risk could 
lead to a higher number 
of business continuity 
incidents, security 
incidents, reputation 
damage and higher 
investments and costs.
Trend: 
 2
  Monitoring KPI:
N/a
New regulatory decisions in 
the EU and the Netherlands.
Non-compliance with 
regulation, including 
privacy regulations
Trend: 
 2
Generic Compliance risk
KPN is committed to full 
compliance with relevant 
laws and regulations.
• Proactive stakeholder and reputation management 
including dialogue with regulators.
• Strengthening effectiveness of the compliance 
organization and internal controls.
• Proactive internal compliance investigations.
• Dedicated program to implement Ministerial Decree 
regulations in a structured and effective manner.
Medium-High: the risk 
could affect KPN’s 
license to operate and 
proﬁtability and cause 
reputational damage
Monitoring KPI:
Fines
# incidents reported 
to regulators
1
  Risk is increasing
2
  Risk is stable
72 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 73:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Risk
Risk has impact on 
Strategic objective:
Risk category and 
risk appetite Main countermeasures (summary) Impact
Energy availability
Trend: 
 1
Leverage & expand 
superior networks
Operational risks
KPN is committed to a 
high quality of customer 
services and to limiting 
disruptions as much 
as possible
• Use alternative energy sources, e.g. via solar panels on 
technical buildings and wind farms on sea.
• Reduce energy to the max:
– Migrate customers from copper network to energy-
efficient fiber network
– Optimize mobile network as much as possible
– Rationalize data centers and optimize virtualization
– Optimize energy use in metro core locations (e.g. reduce 
cooling systems)
– Reduce number of office and technical buildings 
where possible
High: if energy is not 
sufficiently available at 
a reasonable price, it 
could lead to service 
interruptions and lower 
quality of services. 
This risk could impact 
our continuity.
Monitoring KPI:
Energy prices 
and availability
Energy reduction
KPN may not be able to 
attract or retain talents and 
skilled staff
Trend: 
 2
Generic Strategic/
Operational risks
KPN is willing 
to accept reasonable 
risks in a responsible 
way. KPN is committed 
to a high quality 
of customer services 
and to limiting disruptions 
as much as possible
• Innovative and inspiring talent-management programs 
to attract and maintain qualified staff (both from the 
Netherlands and abroad).
• Promote technical education initiatives at highschools and 
universities to attract new and diverse workforce.
Medium: lack of 
talents and skills 
could negatively impact 
our quality of 
services, innovation 
and improvement of 
our operations.
Monitoring KPI:
Ranking KPN 
in ‘attractive 
employer’ benchmarks
Inflation
Trend: 
 2
Generic Financial risk
KPN strives for 
the right balance 
between a prudent 
financing policy, sufficient 
investments in the 
business, fair shareholder 
remuneration and 
an investment-grade 
credit profile.
• Close long-term contracts with suppliers with fixed 
price agreements.
• Close hedge and other forward contracts for energy and 
other materials where possible.
• Increase breadth of supplier base, renegotiate terms and 
conditions with existing suppliers.
• Implement cost-saving and efficiency programs to limit 
costs where possible.
• Implement Consumer Price Index (CPI) related price 
increases for own customer base to mitigate impact of 
higher cost levels.
Medium: high inflation 
could lead to lower 
results of operation and 
lower cash flows.
Monitoring KPI:
Consumer 
Prices Indices
Opex and Capex levels
EBITDA AL and FCF
1
  Risk is increasing
2
  Risk is stable
Reference table on bribery and corruption
Our policy and 
outcomes Risks and mitigation measures
Risks and 
mitigating measures
Customers and 
employees
The bribery and corruption chapter below describes our policy and the outcome of our policy. For more details, see 
Subcode 2 - How we interact with third parties: 
https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/English/7050/code-of-conduct.html
See Compliance and risk, 
Appendix 8 and the 
GRI Index
Supply chain The outcome of our policy is described in Environmental performance and responsible supply chain’ (p. 50). For more 
details on the policy, see: 
https://www.overons.kpn/downloads/KPN_Supplier_Code_of_Conduct_2022.pdf, art 5.1, 5.2
See Appendix 4 and 
Appendix 8
Bribery and corruption
We expect our employees to report any suspicion of non-
compliance with the Code of Conduct. Following a report, an 
expert from the KPN Corporate Security Office and/or KPN 
Compliance, Privacy & Ethics Office investigates the potential 
violation. The outcome may lead to disciplinary action. The 
severity of the disciplinary action is determined by the nature 
and circumstances of the incident, and may include termination 
of employment.
In addition to internal reporting options, employees can also use 
the SpeakUp Line, an anonymous reporting procedure managed 
by an independent organization.
73 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 74:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
In 2022, we evaluated the effectiveness of most controls for fraud 
in the control framework and raised fraud risk awareness among 
management and staff.
In 2022, we identified 197 internal fraud cases (2021: 232). These 
concerned such things as the theft of goods, theft of access 
passes and keys, damaging of property and breaches of internal 
incentive regulations. To prevent similar issues in the future, we 
imposed sanctions and took action to repair the shortcomings 
in procedures and systems. As a result, 9 employees had their 
contracts terminated. In 39 cases, we prematurely terminated the 
contracts of temporary staff. Our KPN Security Policy on Incident 
Management describes how we deal with incidents if they occur. 
The KPN Corporate Security Office has a procedure in place to 
investigate reported incidents of internal fraud by employees.
Our stringent approach to bribery and corruption is based on 
multiple policies, as listed in the table above. We distinguish 
between bribery and corruption in the supply chain and bribery 
and corruption among customers and employees (which includes 
e.g. fraud, verbal abuse or transgressive behavior). We had 10,135 
employees trained to detect and prevent corruption in 2022.
In 2022, 4,482 reports have been made to the helpdesk. However, 
KPN only registers reports on violations of the Code of Conduct 
and the subcodes (which include all company policy on ethical 
and lawful behavior) including the results of formal investigation 
and follow-up in terms of corrective measures. The system is not 
yet designed to be able to register requests for advice separately.
Governance of risk management and compliance
Three lines of defense
Although the Board of Management is ultimately responsible 
for risk management and compliance, it is the business 
management’s duty to effectively identify, assess and manage the 
main risks of the company, in line with the steps discussed in the 
previous paragraphs (first line of defense). The Risk Management 
and Compliance departments (second line) are responsible for 
the design of the risk management and compliance policies. They 
are also responsible for supporting and challenging business 
management in their assessment and management of top risks. 
KPN Audit (third line) performs, where necessary, independent 
reviews of the design and operational effectiveness of the Internal 
Risk Management and Control Systems. The main results of both 
the risk assessments and the evaluation of the Internal Risk 
Management and Control Systems are shared with the Audit 
Committee of the Supervisory Board and discussed with the 
external auditor.
Internal Audit
KPN’s internal audit function (KPN Audit) assesses, in line 
with Dutch Corporate Governance requirements, the design 
and effectiveness of the Internal Risk Management and 
Control Systems and provides assurance to both the Board 
of Management and the Audit Committee concerning the ‘in 
control status’ of KPN’s organization and processes. Moreover, 
KPN Audit conducts ad-hoc financial, information technology 
(IT), strategic and operational audits, and special investigations. 
KPN Audit conducts its activities in a manner based on continuous 
evaluation of perceived business risks. It has full and unrestricted 
access to all activities, documents, records, properties and staff. 
The Chief Auditor reports to KPN’s CEO, and quarterly KPN Audit 
reports are submitted to and discussed with both the Board 
of Management and the Audit Committee. KPN Audit liaises 
extensively with the external auditor, based on International 
Standard on Auditing 610.
Description and evaluation of the Internal Risk 
Management and Control Systems
As stated in principle 1.2 of the Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code and related best-practice provisions, KPN has designed and 
implemented Internal Risk Management and Control Systems to 
identify and manage the risks associated with the company’s 
strategy and activities. In 2022, KPN Audit systematically 
assessed the effectiveness of these systems. A summary of the 
main Internal Risk Management and Control Systems is provided 
in the preceding paragraphs.
During the assessment of the design and operating 
effectiveness of the systems, certain weaknesses, deficiencies 
and improvement actions were identified and implemented. If 
deemed appropriate, alternative procedures were conducted to 
obtain the required assurance. None of these weaknesses or 
deficiencies were classified as a major failing, as referred to in best 
practice provision 1.4.2 sub iii.
Human rights
We endorse the United Nations Guiding Principles on businesses 
and human rights. The obligation to respect human rights is the 
basis for our way of working. It is reflected in our Code of Conduct 
and what we require of our suppliers.
To have a better understanding of human rights in our own 
operations and the rest of our value chain, we conducted research 
to identify the company’s salient human rights risks and to 
propose a suitable human rights governance structure for KPN’s 
consideration. The identified human rights that are most relevant 
to KPN’s activities and/or business relationships and that - are 
74 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 75:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
therefore more likely at risk of being violated appear to be, among 
others, various aspects of labor conditions in the supply chain, 
including those at our fiber construction suppliers; health & safety 
in our own operations, including aggression; health aspects of 
mobile frequencies and privacy & data security.
We initiated a human rights board, chaired by our Chief 
Technology and Digital Officer (CTDO), consisting of Compliance, 
General Counsel, HR, CPO, TDO and CSR. This board governs 
the topic, discusses results and takes next steps to improve 
our governance and live up to the expectations of upcoming 
legislation. We started a more in-depth gap analysis based 
on the research results. This will lead to an updated Human 
Rights Statement, determination of risk appetite KPN and 
setting objectives.
We monitor the number of reports of human rights violations 
externally and internally. In 2022, there were 0 reports concerning 
human rights violations involving an employee in our operations 
(2021: 1).
The table below provides an overview of the relevant information 
on human rights policies for our three main stakeholder groups.
Reference table on human rights policies and outcomes
Materiality Our policy and outcomes KPIs
Risks and 
mitigating measures
Customers Material topics:
• Data & information protection 
and customer interaction
Other topic:
• Responsible operations 
(see Appendix 3
Materiality assessment)
Our policy and the outcome of our policy is described in the 
chapters Safeguarded privacy and security, Impact on society and 
Network infrastructure.
For more details on privacy and security, see:
https://www.kpn.com/algemeen/missie-en-privacy-
statement/privacy-statement.htm  
Safeguarded privacy 
and security (p. 45)
and
Appendix 4: Non-
financial information
See Compliance and risk 
(p. 67) and
Appendix 8
List of top risks
Employees Other topic:
• Attractive working conditions
• KPN's corporate governance & 
human rights compliance (see 
Appendix 3
Materiality assessment)
Our policy and the outcome of our policy is described
in the chapter Sustainable employability.   
Our human rights statement is described on our 
corporate site: https://www.overons.kpn/downloads/KPN-Human-
Rights-Statement.pdf
Our privacy statement is described on our general site:
https://www.kpn.com/algemeen/missie-en-privacy-
statement/privacy-statement.htm
Our value 
for stakeholders: 
Employee value 
(p. 27)
and
Appendix 4: Non-
financial information
See Compliance and risk 
(p. 67) and
Appendix 8
List of top risks
Supply 
chain
Material topic:
• Supplier selection & Security
Other topic:
• KPN's corporate governance & 
human rights compliance (see 
Appendix 3
Materiality assessment)
Our policy and the outcome of our policy is described in the chapter 
Collaborating towards a sustainable value chain (p. 50).
For more details, see:
How we identify low/medium/ high risk suppliers, see:
https://overons.kpn/content/downloads/Supply-Chain.pdf
What we expect from our suppliers on human rights, see:
https://www.overons.kpn/
downloads/KPN_Supplier_Code_of_Conduct_2022.pdf
Environmental 
performance and 
responsible supply 
chain (p. 50).
Appendix 10: 
Supply chain,
and
Appendix 4: Non-
financial information
See Compliance and risk 
(p. 67) and
Appendix 8
List of top risks
75 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 76:
Compliance and risk
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Statement by the Board of Management and 
Responsibility Statement
Statement by the Board of Management
The Board of Management is responsible for the effectiveness of 
the design and operation of KPN’s Internal Risk Management and 
Control Systems. These have been designed to manage the risks 
that may prevent KPN from achieving its objectives. However, 
these Internal Risk Management and Control Systems cannot 
provide absolute assurance that material misstatements, fraud 
and violations of laws and regulations have been avoided.
The Board of Management reviewed and analyzed:
• The strategic, operational, sustainability, financial, tax, financial 
reporting, and regulatory and compliance risks, as discussed in 
section 'Summary of main risks and countermeasures' on pages 
70 to 73.
• The design and operational effectiveness of the Internal Risk 
Management and Control Systems, as discussed on pages 67 to 
70 of this Integrated Annual Report.
The results of this review and analysis were shared with the Audit 
Committee and Supervisory Board and discussed with KPN’s 
external auditors.
With reference to the best-practice provision 1.4.3 of the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code and the chapter ‘Compliance and 
risk’, including Appendix 8, in this Integrated Annual Report, the 
Board of Management states that, to the best of its knowledge:
i. This Integrated Annual Report provides sufficient insights 
into major failings in the effectiveness of the Internal Risk 
Management and Control Systems. There are no major 
failings to report (see also paragraph ‘Description and 
evaluation of the Internal Risk Management and Control 
Systems’ on page 74).
ii. The aforementioned systems provide reasonable assurance 
that the financial reporting, as included in the Financial 
Statements on pages 101 to 175, does not contain any 
material inaccuracies.
iii. Based on the current state of affairs, it is justified that the 
financial reporting, as included in the Financial Statements 
on pages 101 to 175, is prepared on a going concern basis.
iv. This Integrated Annual Report states those material risks 
and uncertainties that are relevant to the expectation of the 
company’s continuity for the period of 12 months after the 
preparation of this report.
Responsibility Statement
With reference to section 5.25c paragraph 2c of the Financial 
Markets Supervision Act, the Board of Management states that, to 
the best of its knowledge:
• The Financial Statements of 2022 give a true and fair view of the 
assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of KPN and 
its consolidated companies.
• The Integrated Annual Report gives a true and fair review 
of KPN's position as at 31 December 2022, the development 
in 2022 of KPN and its group companies included in the 
Financial Statements, together with a description of the top risks 
KPN faces.
Rotterdam, 23 February 2023
Joost Farwerck 
Chairman of the Board of Management and
Chief Executive Officer
Chris Figee 
Member of the Board of Management and 
Chief Financial Officer
Jean-Pascal van Overbeke 
Member of the Board of Management and
Chief Consumer Market
Marieke Snoep 
Member of the Board of Management and 
Chief Business Market
Babak Fouladi 
Member of the Board of Management and 
Chief Technology and Digital Officer
Hilde Garssen 
Member of the Board of Management and 
Chief People Officer
76 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 77:
Composition of the Board of Management
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Composition of the Board of Management
The Board of Management manages KPN’s strategic, commercial, financial, CSR and 
organizational matters. The Board of Management currently consists of six members.
The composition of the Board of Management did not change 
in 2022. All members of the Board of Management comply with 
clause 2:132a of the Dutch Civil Code, which limits the number of 
positions on a supervisory or management board that a director 
may hold.
Composition of the Board of Management
Name Position Year of birth Start of term End of current term
J.F.E. Farwerck Chairman of the Board of Management and Chief Executive Officer 1965 April 2013/ 2024
April 2017/1
December 20191
H.C. Figee Board member and Chief Financial Officer 1972 February 2020 2024
J.P. van Overbeke Board member and Chief Consumer Market 1965 December 2019 2024
M.W.M. Snoep Board member and Chief Business Market 1971 December 2019 2024
B. Fouladi Board member and Chief Technology & Digital Officer 1969 December 2019 2024
H. Garssen Board member and Chief People Officer 1973 December 2019 2024
1 Reappointment
Joost Farwerck
Mr. Farwerck was appointed 
Chairman of the Board 
of Management and Chief 
Executive Officer on 1 October 
2019. He has been a member 
of the Board of Management 
since 10 April 2013. Mr. Farwerck 
started working at KPN in 1994 
and held senior management 
positions in various divisions. 
Mr. Farwerck is also a member 
of the board of FME, a member 
of the Cyber Security Council, 
a member of the Board of 
KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds, 
a member of the Supervisory 
Board of the Foundation De Nieuwe Kerk Amsterdam and 
a member of the Supervisory Board of the Foundation Het 
Nationale Theater. Mr. Farwerck is a Dutch citizen.
Chris Figee
Mr. Figee has been a member 
of the Board of Management 
and Chief Financial Officer since 
1 February 2020. Prior to his 
appointment at KPN, Mr. Figee 
was CFO of ASR Nederland. 
Before joining ASR, Mr. Figee 
worked at Achmea for five years, 
as a member of the Achmea 
Group Committee and Director 
of Group Finance. In 1999, he 
joined McKinsey, where he rose 
to the role of partner in 2006, 
a role he held until he joined 
Achmea in 2009. Mr. Figee 
started his career at Aegon, where he held various positions, 
including that of Senior Portfolio Manager. Mr. Figee is currently 
also a member of the Supervisory Board of Azerion, a member of 
the Supervisory Board of UNICEF Netherlands and a member of 
the Economic Board Zuid-Holland. Mr. Figee is a Dutch citizen.
77 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 78:
Composition of the Board of Management
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Jean-Pascal van Overbeke
Mr. Van Overbeke has been 
a member of the Board of 
Management since 1 December 
2019 and Chief Consumer 
Market since 1 September 2018. 
In this role, he oversees the 
day-to-day operations of KPN’s 
Consumer activities. Prior to 
joining KPN, Mr. Van Overbeke 
served as Executive Director 
of SFR from 2016 to 2018. 
Before that, he was Deputy 
Group CEO of Lebara, Group 
Chief Operating Officer at Maxis 
Communications Group, and 
Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Commercial Officer at 
Orange. In his earlier career, he was Head of Trade Marketing, 
Director Marketing Residential Market and Director Strategy & 
Transformation Programs at Mobistar. Mr. Van Overbeke is a 
Belgian citizen.
Marieke Snoep
Ms. Snoep has been a member 
of the Board of Management 
since 1 December 2019. She was 
appointed as Chief Business 
Market effective on 1 February 
2019. As Chief Business Market, 
Ms. Snoep oversees the day-
to-day operations of KPN’s 
Business activities. She has 
more than 25 years of strategic 
and commercial experience in 
the Dutch telecommunications 
market. Prior to joining KPN, Ms. 
Snoep was a member of the 
board of T-Mobile Netherlands 
from 2012. In her earlier career, she held consultancy roles with 
Solvision (currently Ordina) and Atos Origin. Ms. Snoep is a 
member of the Board of VNO-NCW, a member of Raad van Anders 
NLdigital and an active member of SER Topvrouwen. Ms. Snoep 
is a Dutch citizen.
Babak Fouladi
Mr. Fouladi has been a 
member of the Board of 
Management since 1 December 
2019. He was appointed Chief 
Technology & Digital Officer 
on 4 December 2018. In this 
role, he is responsible for KPN’s 
network technologies and the 
digitalization of processes 
and services. Prior to joining 
KPN, Mr. Fouladi served as 
Group Chief Technology and 
Information Officer at MTN 
Group (South Africa) from 2016. 
Before that, he formed part of 
the executive team as Chief Technology Officer of Vodafone Spain 
and Vodafone Romania. Mr. Fouladi is a British citizen.
  
Hilde Garssen
Ms. Garssen has been a member 
of the Board of Management 
since 1 December 2019. She was 
appointed Chief People Officer 
on 10 December 2018. Prior 
to joining KPN, Ms. Garssen 
served as Senior Managing 
Director Business Services at 
ABN AMRO Bank for over 
two years. Since 1998, she has 
held numerous HR roles at 
ABN AMRO Bank, including 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
and Managing Director Change, 
Integration & Management 
Group Coordination & Reward. Ms. Garssen is a member of the 
Supervisory Board of the KWF Dutch Cancer Society, a member 
of the Supervisory Board of TBI Holdings B.V. and a member 
of the board of KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds. Ms. Garssen is a 
Dutch citizen.
78 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 79:
Composition of the Board of Management
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Insider transactions
KPN employees who have access to inside information because of 
their role, profession or duties, including all members of the Board 
of Management and Supervisory Board, are subject to the inside 
information Code of Conduct. This Code of Conduct comprises 
rules for the possession of and transactions in KPN securities 
by such employees. Members of the Board of Management and 
Supervisory Board are also subject to reporting obligations to the 
AFM. The following table provides an overview of transactions 
in 2022 by members of KPN’s Board of Management and 
Supervisory Board.
Date Name Transaction Price per share (EUR)
April 11 J.F.E. Farwerck Vesting of 92.10% of 302,514 conditional KPN shares awarded as LTI 2019 into 175,033 ordinary KPN shares (after 
sale of part of the shares to finance the income tax)
-
April 11 J.P. van Overbeke Vesting of 92.10% of 196,732 conditional KPN shares awarded as LTI 2019 into 144,200 ordinary KPN shares 
(after sale of part of the shares to finance the income tax)
-
April 11 M.W.M. Snoep Vesting of 92.10% of 156,136 conditional KPN shares awarded as LTI 2019 into 90,339 ordinary KPN shares (after 
sale of part of the shares to finance the income tax)
-
April 11 B. Fouladi Vesting of 92.10% of 196,732 conditional KPN shares awarded as LTI 2019 into 144,200 ordinary KPN shares 
(after sale of part of the shares to finance the income tax)
-
April 11 H. Garssen Vesting of 92.10% of 62,454 conditional KPN shares awarded as LTI 2019 into 36,135 ordinary KPN shares (after 
sale of part of the shares to finance the income tax)
-
April 14 J.F.E. Farwerck Award of 342,173 conditional KPN shares as LTI 2022 -
April 14 H.C. Figee Award of 175,975 conditional KPN shares as LTI 2022 -
April 14 J.P. van Overbeke Award of 169,457 conditional KPN shares as LTI 2022 -
April 14 M.W.M. Snoep Award of 169,457 conditional KPN shares as LTI 2022 -
April 14 B. Fouladi Award of 169,457 conditional KPN shares as LTI 2022 -
April 14 H. Garssen Award of 130,352 conditional KPN shares as LTI 2022 -
April 22 H.C. Figee Award of 36,904 ordinary KPN shares as STI 2021 -
April 22 J.P. van Overbeke Award of 17,276 ordinary KPN shares as STI 2021 -
April 22 M.W.M. Snoep Award of 35,538 ordinary KPN shares as STI 2021 -
April 22 B. Fouladi Award of 45,988 ordinary KPN shares as STI 2021 -
April 22 H. Garssen Award of 27,337 ordinary KPN shares as STI 2021 -
Share ownership Board of Management1
Number of ordinary shares 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
J.F.E. Farwerck 1,077,294 902,261
H.C. Figee 139,513 102,609
J.P. van Overbeke 293,648 132,172
M.W.M. Snoep 190,092 64,215
B. Fouladi 243,171 52,983
H. Garssen 153,773 90,301
1 Shares held by current members of the Board of Management (including vested shares in 
lock-up period). Share ownership relates to ordinary shares. A share ownership incentive 
applies, under which the members of the Board of Management are encouraged to acquire 
company shares equal to 150% of the annual fixed compensation for members of the Board of 
Management (excluding CEO) and 250% of the annual fixed compensation for the CEO
Share ownership Supervisory Board
None of the current members of the Supervisory Board holds 
shares in KPN.
79 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 80:
Composition of the Supervisory Board
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Composition of the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board oversees strategic and commercial 
policymaking by the Board of Management and the way in which it 
manages and directs KPN’s operations. KPN’s Supervisory Board 
currently consists of eight members. At the AGM on 13 April 2022, 
Ms. Koelemeijer and Ms. Vergouw were appointed as members 
of the Supervisory Board and Mr. Sickinghe and Ms. Zuiderwijk 
stepped down as they had reached the end of their second 
four-year term.
Three vacancies will arise at the closure of the 2023 AGM, as 
Mr. Hartman, Ms. Sap and Ms. Guillouard will be stepping down. 
Mr. Hartman and Ms. Sap have both reached the end of their 
second four-year term, whereas Ms. Guillouard has decided to 
step down due to personal reasons. The Supervisory Board will 
propose to the AGM to appoint Mr. Noteboom, Mr. Heemskerk and 
Mr. Dijkhuizen as new members of the Supervisory Board, and to 
reappoint Ms. Sap for a two-year period to ensure continuity. To 
this end, the Supervisory Board will be temporarily expanded to 
9 members.
Mr. Spanbroek, General Counsel and Company Secretary, acts as 
secretary to the Supervisory Board.
All members of the Supervisory Board comply with clause 2:142a 
of the Dutch Civil Code, which limits the number of positions on a 
supervisory or management board that a director may hold.
Name
Year of 
birth Start of term
End of current 
term
Audit 
Committee
Nominating & 
Corporate 
Governance 
Committee
Remuneration 
Committee
Strategy & 
Organization 
Committee
G.J.A. van de Aast (Chair) 1957 14 April 2021 2025 C1 x
C.R.A. Guillouard 1965 15 April 2020 2023 C1 x
P.F. Hartman (Vice-Chair) 1949 15 April 2015 2023 x C1
10 April 20192
K. Koelemeijer 1963 13 April 2022 2026 x x
E.J.C. Overbeek 1967 4 September 2017 2025 C1
14 April 20212
A.D. Plater 1967 10 September 2020 2025 x x
J.C.M. Sap 1963 15 April 2015 2023 x x
10 April 20192
C. Vergouw 1976 13 April 2022 2026 x x
1 C: Chair
2 Reappointment
80 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 81:
Composition of the Supervisory Board
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Gerard van de Aast  
Mr. Van de Aast was appointed 
as a member of the Supervisory 
Board on 14 April 2021 and 
chairs the Supervisory Board 
since 13 April 2022. His current 
(first) term ends in 2025. 
Mr. Van de Aast is currently 
Chair of the Supervisory Board 
of NS Group and vice-chair 
of the Supervisory Board of 
Signify. Mr. Van de Aast is 
a seasoned executive with a 
recognized track record at 
board level in various sectors 
ranging from construction to 
software engineering, both in the Netherlands and abroad. His 
executive experience includes CEO positions at Reed Business, 
VolkerWessels and Imtech. Mr. Van de Aast is a Dutch citizen.
Catherine Guillouard  
Ms. Guillouard was appointed 
member of the Supervisory 
Board on 15 April 2020. She 
will step down for personal 
reasons at the 2023 AGM. 
Ms. Guillouard is chair of the 
Supervisory Board of Ingenico 
and non-executive director 
at Airbus SE. Her previous 
roles include that of CEO of 
RATP Group, various positions 
at Air France, including that 
of CFO, the position of 
CFO at satellite company 
Eutelsat Communications and 
the position of CFO and Deputy CEO of the electrical parts 
distribution company Rexel. Ms. Guillouard is a French citizen.
Peter Hartman  
Mr. Hartman was reappointed 
as a member of the Supervisory 
Board on 10 April 2019 and 
is currently its Vice-Chair. 
His current (second) term 
ends in 2023. Mr. Hartman 
is a member of the advisory 
board of Aviation Glass & 
Technology and member of the 
Advisory Board of Mainblades 
Inspections. He was vice-chair 
of the Supervisory Board of Air 
France/KLM Group from 2013 to 
2017. Before that, he spent 40 
years working for KLM, the last 
seven of those as CEO. Mr. Hartman is a Dutch citizen.
  
Kitty Koelemeijer  
Ms. Koelemeijer was appointed 
as a member of the Supervisory 
Board on 13 April 2022. Her 
current (first) term of office 
ends in 2026. Ms. Koelemeijer 
is a full professor of Marketing at 
Nyenrode Business University. 
She has a strong background 
in marketing, supply chain 
management, innovation, 
digital transformation, retailing 
and digital commerce. Ms. 
Koelemeijer combines her 
academic work with several 
supervisory board roles at both 
listed and non-listed companies, advocacy groups and charities. 
She is a member of the Supervisory Board of Brunel and holds 
supervisory roles at NLinBusiness, Vereniging Eigen Huis and 
Fonds Gehandicaptensport. She is a member of the Dutch 
‘Societal Impact Team’. Ms. Koelemeijer is a Dutch citizen.
81 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 82:
Composition of the Supervisory Board
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Edzard Overbeek  
Mr. Overbeek was reappointed 
as a member of the Supervisory 
Board on 14 April 2021. His 
second term ends in 2025. 
Mr. Overbeek is CEO of HERE 
Technologies. Having spent 
nearly 30 years in the ICT 
industry, Mr. Overbeek has 
gained extensive experience 
in the global digital and 
communication industry. Prior 
to joining HERE Technologies, 
he held several management 
roles at Cisco, including leading 
the global services organization 
and the Asia-Pacific, Japan and China region. Mr. Overbeek is a 
Dutch citizen.
Alejandro Plater  
Mr. Plater was appointed as 
a member of the Supervisory 
Board on 10 September 2020. 
His current (first) term ends in 
2025. Mr. Plater is Group COO 
at A1 Telekom Austria Group, 
where he has been working 
since 2015. As part of this 
position he is also the chair or 
a member of the supervisory 
board of various subsidiaries 
of that group. Prior to joining 
A1 Telekom Austria Group, Mr. 
Plater worked for 18 years for 
Ericsson in Mexico, Sweden and 
Argentina. Earlier in his career, Mr. Plater worked at insurance 
companies Sud América Seguras and Chubb & Son. Mr. Plater is 
an Argentinian and a Swedish citizen.
Jolande Sap  
Ms. Sap was reappointed as 
a member of the Supervisory 
Board on 10 April 2019. Her 
current (second) term ends 
in 2023. Ms. Sap is dedicated 
to making the business world 
and society at large more 
sustainable. She holds several 
supervisory board and other 
board-level posts, including 
member of the Supervisory 
Board of KPMG Netherlands, 
and non-executive director 
of Renewi PLC. In addition, 
she heads the Dutch ‘Societal 
Impact Team’, and is a member of the board of the 
Dutch Emissions Authority. Between 2008 and 2012, Ms. Sap 
represented the Dutch Green party, GroenLinks, in the lower 
house of the Dutch parliament, during the last two years of which 
she was party leader. Before that, she worked as an economist in 
the fields of science, policy and business. Ms. Sap is a Dutch citizen.
Chantal Vergouw
Ms. Vergouw was appointed as 
a member of the Supervisory 
Board on 13 April 2022. Her 
current (first) term of office 
ends in 2026. Ms. Vergouw is the 
CEO of Dutch insurer Interpolis 
(part of Achmea). Prior to 
joining Interpolis in 2016, 
she held various management 
positions at ING. Ms. Vergouw 
brings extensive experience 
in the banking and insurance 
sector, most notably in areas 
such as digitalization, customer 
service, operations, marketing, 
branding and omnichannel sales towards B2C and B2B markets. 
She holds presiding supervisory positions at the Animal 
Protection Association and the National Inspection Body for 
Animal Welfare (LID) in the Netherlands. Ms. Vergouw is a 
Dutch citizen.
82 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 83:
Supervisory Board Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Supervisory Board report
The year 2022
While, early 2022, Europe was just recovering from the COVID-19 
pandemic, a new crisis hit with the Russian attack on Ukraine. 
Although businesswise KPN has limited direct exposure to these 
countries, the impact on the people of Ukraine and broader 
society struck us all. KPN supported – and continues to support - 
where possible via its services, ranging from free calling to Ukraine 
to support at the national charity night and special TV channels 
for refugees.
Indirectly, KPN also felt the impact of the war. Supplies – mainly 
those coming over land from the eastern hemisphere – were 
once again hindered in transport and were therefore scarce. The 
rise in energy prices could be overcome in 2022 due to early 
purchases, but are expected to impact our results in 2023. The 
high inflation levels do not only impact our cost levels, but also 
the ability of our customers – as well as our employees - to pay 
for their cost of living. With that, it also touches upon our ability 
to offset cost increases via our tariffs. And with the continued 
geopolitical tension the need for strong cyber resilience and 
security increased.
Overall, KPN seems well positioned to help the Netherlands 
move forward. Our state-of-the-art networks – with our mobile 
network even scoring best in the world in a well-recognized test 
– enable all our customers to benefit from the digital possibilities 
of our time-era – and to overcome some of its challenges. As we 
have learned during the pandemic, hybrid working is a serious 
alternative for many people, often saving time, travel and fuel, and 
every day we find more digital services that help us overcome 
challenges, whether smaller or larger. With KPN’s continued motto 
‘Security First’, it additionally ensures that the services it offers are 
well-protected, and that supports its customers in ensuring their 
own security. All of this, combined with our continued progress on 
key sustainability themes, truly positions KPN as “the Network of 
the Netherlands”.
Strategy and business
Throughout the year, the Supervisory Board continued to monitor 
the operational performance of the company, while also regularly 
reviewing key strategic developments, the implementation of 
our strategic plan, and the risks and threats facing us. Our 
focus remained on providing reliable service to our customers, 
ensuring the well-being of our employees, creating value for our 
shareholders and overall creating sustainable long-term value for 
our company and its stakeholders.
The second year of our ‘accelerate to grow’ strategy showed 
continued strong roll-out of our fiber network, despite some 
slow-downs due to a change in roll-out approach and scarce labor 
capacity. The continued recognition of the quality of our mobile 
network, in combination with the growth of our mobile customer 
base, can be seen as evidence of the right investment decisions 
in the past years. In broadband, we now have more customers on 
our fiber network than on copper, although our customer numbers 
are not yet at the level that we aspire. The Supervisory Board 
continued to monitor the Net Promotor Score as an important 
metric for the satisfaction of our customers, noting some decline 
throughout the year – also influenced by the general economic 
climate – while maintaining an important advantage over our main 
competitors. A major milestone was the inflection in our business 
market revenues, after many years of decline, which was even 
ahead of our own plans. This was also supported by a strong 
increase in our brand recognition in this market segment. With 
these achievements, the company has made another important 
step on its growth trajectory. Overall, the company realized its 
financial guidance for the year.
And while doing so, we continued to deliver on our sustainability 
ambitions, whether through our continued focus on reduction of 
Green House Gas emissions in our value chain, our work towards 
circularity or our contributions to social connections and a secure 
digital life. An important achievement in this area was realized 
in December, when KPN secured that, as of 2027, the majority of 
its energy consumption will be directly supplied by a new to be 
built wind farm at the North sea. We are proud to be continuously 
recognized as leader in this field, but remain focused on the 
important road that we – and all around us – still have to go.
The Supervisory Board, supported by its Committees, paid 
specific attention to various topics of relevance. A key subject 
in this respect was Cyber Security. An investigation initiated by 
the Dutch Radiocommunication Agency revealed the need for 
improvement in the security of our lawful intercept facilities, and 
new legislation required further scrutiny on our overall security 
controls. The Supervisory Board received several updates on 
the progress made, and urged Management to stay on top of 
this critical topic. A further matter of high importance for the 
company was regulation. The Supervisory Board reviewed and 
supported the approach made by management to provide an 
8-year commitment for improved conditions for wholesale access 
to its fiber network, which were subsequently declared binding 
by ACM.
In the course of the year, the Supervisory Board started its 
discussions with management on the next phase of the company’s 
83 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 84:
Supervisory Board Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
strategy, following the current strategic plan period. These 
discussions, focus both on the next 3 year period, in which 
the focus will remain on the roll-out of fiber, as well as on the 
period thereafter – all with a focus on sustainable long-term value 
creation. This process will continue in the coming period, leading 
to announcements if and when due.
The Supervisory Board furthermore reviewed and where relevant 
approved various matters relating to the corporate matters of 
the company. It reviewed Management’s proposals related to 
the share buyback program, considering the interests of its 
key stakeholders as well as prudent financial management, and 
thereupon approved buying back shares worth EUR 300m in 
2022. The Supervisory Board also oversaw the refinancing of a 
hybrid bond by a new Green hybrid bond, and was pleased to 
see that, despite difficult market sentiment, the new bond was 
well received. It once more underpins the company’s commitment 
to sustainability, also in its financing. Other corporate matters 
that the Board discussed included certain tax matters, as well as 
potential M&A opportunities.
Specific attention was paid to the company’s employees and 
their well-being in complex times. The Supervisory Board 
applauded the one-off payments that the company made to 
its employees to support them in a time of financial distress. 
The Collective Labor Agreement that was concluded at the 
end of 2022 is considered to be fair and reasonable under the 
current circumstances. The Supervisory Board received regular 
updates on safety and well-being of our employees, both in 
terms of stress-levels and, following specific attention for the 
topic in the Netherlands, around potential inappropriate behavior 
towards our employees. During the summer the Supervisory 
Board discussed the company culture, its core values and purpose 
with management. It took note of management’s efforts in this 
field to ensure alignment between the company culture and its 
strategy, which included company-wide discussions on perceived 
contradictions in the current culture, and provided feedback on 
these topics.
The Supervisory Board aimed to stay in touch with not just 
the Board of Management, but also with staff throughout the 
company, whether in individual deep dive sessions with specialists 
or in recurring meetings with groups of employees and managers. 
It furthermore continued to have a regular dialogue with the 
Central Works Council and appreciated the continued open and 
professional relationship between the Central Works Council, the 
Board of Management, and the Supervisory Board.
About the Supervisory Board
The composition of the Supervisory Board changed last year with 
the regular resignation of Mr. Sickinghe and Ms. Zuiderwijk and 
the subsequent appointment of Ms. Koelemeijer and Ms. Vergouw 
in the vacancies that had arisen. Upon closure of the AGM in 
April 2022, Mr. van de Aast took over the chairmanship of the 
Supervisory Board from Mr. Sickinghe.
The Supervisory Board continues to have a good mix of 
backgrounds and experience, supporting a diverse view on a 
wide range of topics. An overview of the current skills and 
competences in the Supervisory Board is provided in the skills 
matrix. The full profile of the Supervisory Board is available on the 
company’s website.
84 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 85:
Supervisory Board Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Skills / Characteristics Gerard van 
de Aast
Catherine 
Guillouard
Peter 
Hartman
Kitty 
Koelemeijer
Edzard 
Overbeek
Alejandro 
Plater
Jolande 
Sap
Chantal 
Vergouw
Business leadership x x x x x x
Industry knowledge (Telco/IT) x x x
Industry knowledge (Digitalization) x x x x x
Industry knowledge (Cybersecurity) x x
Commercial x x x x x x x
Operational x x x x x x
International experience x x x x x
Society / government relations x x x x x
ESG x x
Employment / social relations x x x x x
Stock listing / financial markets x x x x
Finance, Audit & Risk x x x x x
Diversity
Executive / non-executive
(Full time) Executive position at 
other company x x x x
Mainly non-executive role x x x x
Gender
Male x x x x
Female x x x x
Nationality
Dutch x x x x x x
Non-Dutch x x
Age
Year of birth 1957 1965 1949 1963 1967 1967 1963 1976
At all times, the composition of the Supervisory Board was such 
that the members were able to act critically and independently 
of one another, the Board of Management and any particular 
interest involved, as provided for under best practice provisions 
2.1.7 to 2.1.9 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Throughout 
the year, seven out of eight members of the Supervisory Board, 
including the Chair, were independent from the company within 
the meaning of these provisions. Mr. Plater, who was nominated 
by América Móvil, is not considered independent under provision 
of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. See Note 23 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for information on related 
party transactions.
At the end of the 2023 AGM, Ms. Sap and Mr. Hartman will have 
reached the end of their second term of office. In addition, Ms. 
Guillouard has decided to step down at the same moment due to 
personal reasons, in line with her decision to lay down her primary 
position as CEO of RATP Group.
For the vacancies arising, the Supervisory Board has nominated 
Mr. Noteboom, Mr. Heemskerk and Mr. Dijkhuizen. In order 
to safeguard continuity following a number of changes to its 
composition in a relatively short period of time, the Supervisory 
Board furthermore proposes to reappoint Ms. Sap for a third term 
of two years. To this end, the Supervisory Board will be temporarily 
expanded to 9 members.
Mr. Noteboom is a seasoned executive with a recognized track 
record in Dutch and international business, most notably as CEO 
of Randstad Holding and - since his retirement from that role - in 
various non-executive positions.
Mr. Heemskerk is currently Secretary General of the European 
Round Table for Industry in Brussels. He held several positions in 
international business and politics, and was Minister for Foreign 
Trade within the Ministry of Economic Affairs, also responsible for 
IT & Telecoms regulations, from 2007 to 2010. His nomination is 
based on the enhanced right of recommendation of the Central 
Works Council.
Mr Dijkhuizen is an experienced executive with a strong track 
record as finance professional. He is currently member of the 
managing board and CFO of NIBC Holding NV, from which he will 
85 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 86:
Supervisory Board Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
retire as of 30 June 2023. Previously he was partner and Chairman 
of the Board of Management at KPMG NV.
Ms. Sap has, during her eight-year tenure at KPN’s Supervisory 
Board, made an important contribution to the board. Her clear 
views on the people and planet aspects of doing business, in 
addition to her valuable contributions to the Audit Committee 
and the Remuneration Committee, have helped the Board and 
the company make ample progress towards sustainability already 
at an early stage. Due to the temporary expansion of the Board 
to nine members, this nomination is also based on the enhanced 
right of recommendation of the Central Works Council.
The Central Works Council and Board of Management support 
all nominations.
The Supervisory Board is grateful to both Mr. Hartman and Ms. 
Guillouard for their valuable contribution to KPN over the past 
years. During his eight-year tenure, Mr. Hartman has continuously 
added his extensive experience in international business and 
Dutch society to the Board. As chair of the Remuneration 
Committee he has steered the company through a changing 
environment around executive remuneration, always focused on 
fair remuneration, both for the individuals, the company and 
society. Ms. Guillouard has, as chair of the Audit Committee, 
overseen reliable reporting and prudent financial management 
with diligence, while adding her broad business experience to the 
full Supervisory Board.
Since April 2022, the Supervisory Board has been equally divided 
between women and men. Subject to the appointment of the 
nominated candidates by the shareholders meeting, as of 12 April 
2023 it will consist of three women and six men, i.e. for one-third 
of female members. Despite the decline in gender diversity, the 
Supervisory Board remains strongly committed to the principle, 
whether enacted or not, that a board should have a diverse 
composition, in gender, but also skills and experience.
We note that also the Board of Management currently has one 
third female members, as well as one third non-Dutch members.
The Supervisory Board annually evaluates its own performance. 
In 2022, the evaluation was performed by the incoming chair, 
supported by the company secretary. The evaluation was based 
on a questionnaire, followed by interviews with all members of 
the Supervisory Board, and selected members of the Board of 
Management. The findings were discussed in a board meeting 
in December in which the Supervisory Board concluded that 
the board overall functioned in an effective and efficient way. A 
topic of attention was the continuity in the Supervisory Board, 
as well as in the Audit Committee, following a large number of 
changes in composition in a short period of time. The proposed 
reappointment of Ms. Sap for a third term of office aims to address 
this concern. The Supervisory Board furthermore discussed the 
best way to discuss and follow the development and execution of 
the strategy, as well as the ESG aspects thereof, and will review 
its committee structure to support this. The Supervisory Board 
agreed to spend sufficient time in the full board meetings for 
discussing regular business progress, and to treat cybersecurity, 
being an area of strategic interest for the company, as a matter 
for discussion in the full board, rather than the Audit Committee. 
Finally, it decided to reinforce its training program, with initial 
focus on such topics as spectrum and auctions, as well as ESG.
Meetings
The Supervisory Board met on 11 occasions in 2022, of which 
seven were regularly scheduled and four were scheduled ad hoc 
to discuss matters at hand.
The overall attendance at the Supervisory Board meetings was 
95%. An overview of attendance per member of the Supervisory 
Board and per Committee is provided in the table below. In the 
event members could not join a meeting, as standard practice 
the chair discussed the matters at hand before and/or after the 
meeting to obtain the input and views of all members. Also outside 
of formal board meetings, members of the Supervisory Board 
were in regular contact.
Supervisory Board meetings normally commence and end with a 
closed session (i.e. without presence of management), in which 
the members prepare or evaluate the meeting. In the quarterly 
meetings, typically the full Board of Management is present 
to review the performance over the past period and discuss 
key strategic topics. For other or ad hoc meetings, different 
participation from the Board of Management may be agreed.
86 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 87:
Supervisory Board Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Name Board (11) Audit (5) RemCo (5) NomCo (5) SOC (1)1
Mr. Van de Aast 100% 100% 100% 100%
Ms. Guillouard 91% 100% 100%
Mr. Hartman 100% 100% 100%
Ms. Koelemeijer2 88% 100% 0%
Mr. Overbeek 91% 100%
Mr. Plater 91% 100% 100%
Ms. Sap 100% 100% 100%
Ms. Vergouw2 100% 100% 100%
Mr. Sickinghe3 100% 100% 100% N/a
Ms. Zuiderwijk3 100% 100% 100%
Total 95% 100% 100% 100% 80%
1 The Strategy & Organization Committee functions as a standing sounding committee on strategic matters for the Board of Management. During 2022, it held one formal meeting and its members 
had ad hoc contacts with the CEO or other members of the Board of Management on specific matters related to the strategy
2 Member as of 13/4/2022
3 Member until 13/4/2022
Committee Reporting
The Supervisory Board has established four Committees that 
prepare the deliberation and decision making by the full board: 
the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee (RemCo), 
the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee (NomCo) 
and the Strategy and Organization Committee (SOC). The main 
considerations and conclusions of each Committee were shared 
with the full Supervisory Board and the meeting documents and 
minutes are available to all members of the Supervisory Board, 
which takes the final decision in all matters.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee had five meetings in 2022, all of which were 
also attended (at least in part) by the CFO, the external auditor 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP (EY), the internal auditor and the 
director of Corporate Control. The chair of the Supervisory Board 
frequently attended the meetings as a permanent invitee. The 
Audit Committee – as well as the chair of the Supervisory Board 
– met separately with the external auditor.
In line with its tasks, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses all 
financially relevant matters that are presented to the Supervisory 
Board, most notably the quarterly and annual financial results 
and reports and (the financial and risk-related aspects of) the 
business plan. Overall, the Audit Committee was satisfied with 
the processes around external reporting as operated by the 
company, as was also confirmed by the reports from the internal 
and external auditors.
The Audit Committee has a specific focus on the effectiveness 
and outcome of the company's internal control framework and 
the risk management systems, for which it receives and reviews 
reports by the internal auditor, the chief compliance & privacy 
officer and the external reporting review committee. Each quarter, 
the Audit Committee also reviews the conclusions of the external 
auditor, as included in its board report. The audit plans, both 
for the internal and external auditor, are annually reviewed by 
the Audit Committee, and are subsequently submitted to the full 
Supervisory Board for its approval.
During 2022, the Audit Committee paid specific attention to 
a number of matters within scope, including the company’s 
shareholder remuneration, most notably the continued share 
buyback program, supporting the continuation thereof after 
having reviewed all relevant considerations around KPN’s 
strategic options for cash allocation. Assurance related to 
specific requirements by certain business customers (third-party 
reporting) was a returning topic on the Committee’s agenda, and 
the Committee was pleased to note the progress being made, 
while urging management to strive for further improvement 
in this domain. Specific attention was paid to the company's 
main tax files, including the finalization of the German tax 
audits (remaining from the E-Plus divestment) and the dispute 
around the VAT treatment of vouchers. The Audit Committee 
furthermore discussed other topics within its scope of attention, 
including compliance, health and safety. In this respect it paid 
specific attention to potential cases of inappropriate behavior, 
concluding that management’s approach on such topics was 
considered adequate.
Finally, the Audit Committee evaluated the performance of EY 
over 2022. It concluded, also based on input from management 
and the internal auditor, that EY had performed well, taking 
a critical view with sufficiently safeguarded objectivity and 
independence, while taking an overall constructive approach 
87 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 88:
Supervisory Board Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
whenever possible. It therefore recommended to the full 
Supervisory Board to nominate EY for appointment at the 2023 
General Meeting of Shareholders as the company’s independent 
external auditor for the financial year 2024.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee met five times in 2022. The CEO 
and Chief People Officer attended (parts of) the committee 
meetings. The committee assisted the Supervisory Board in 
executing and reviewing KPN’s remuneration policy and ensuring 
that members of the Board of Management are compensated 
consistent with that policy.
For an overview of the activities of the Remuneration Committee 
in 2022, and further details on the remuneration policy and its 
application, please refer to the Remuneration Report starting on 
page 90.
Nomination & Corporate Governance Committee
The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee met on 
five occasions in 2022, mostly with the CEO and Chief People 
Officer attending. The Committee received regular updates 
on key HR related matters in the company from the Chief 
People Officer. It reviewed the performance of (the members 
of) the Board of Management on key leadership traits as well 
as operational performance. It also discussed the company’s 
leadership pipeline and leadership development, with a specific 
focus on the management layer directly below the Board of 
Management, with the CEO and Chief People Officer.
Given the resignation of a number of its members in a 
limited number of years, the Committee devoted ample time 
to the succession planning of the Supervisory Board itself. 
Following input from management, the Central Works Council 
and the AGM, it concluded on an updated ‘profile of the 
Supervisory Board’, which gives guidance to all involved when 
proposing or recommending persons for appointment to the 
Supervisory Board.
For the vacancies arising in the Board in 2023, the Committee 
proposed the appointment of Mr. Noteboom and Mr. Dijkhuizen, 
and recommended to the full Supervisory Board to adopt the 
nomination by the Central Works Council of Mr. Heemskerk. In 
order to safeguard continuity following a number of changes 
to its composition in a relatively short period of time, the 
Committee proposed and discussed with the Central Works 
Council a temporary expansion of the Supervisory Board to nine 
members, and the subsequent reappointment of Ms. Sap for a 
period of two years. For further information on the proposed 
(re)appointments, see above - ‘About the Supervisory Board’.
Finally, the Committee steered the annual evaluation of 
the Supervisory Board itself (see above – ‘About the 
Supervisory Board’).
Strategy & Organization Committee
The Strategy & Organization Committee functions as a standing 
sounding committee on strategic matters for the Board of 
Management. It held one formal meeting in 2022, in which it 
prepared, with the CEO and Chief Strategy Officer, the joint 
meeting of the Supervisory Board and Board of Management 
on the next phase of the strategy. It helped shape the 
agenda and select key topics for discussion, thus facilitating 
an effective discussion in the full meeting. Committee members 
also occasionally served as a sounding board for the CEO and 
other members of the Board of Management on specific matters 
related to the strategy.
88 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 89:
Supervisory Board Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Financial Statements
The Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
were prepared by the Board of Management and approved by 
the Supervisory Board. The Report of the independent auditor, 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, is included in the section 
‘Other Information’ on pages 175 - 185. The Supervisory Board 
recommends that the AGM adopts these Financial Statements.
Final remarks
The year behind us was challenging, for the world, the country and 
society at large. The Supervisory Board was pleased to recognize 
the role, as an enterprise but also as a corporate citizen, that 
KPN could take amidst these challenges. Our employees have 
remained highly engaged and committed. Our customers have 
rewarded us with their loyalty and continued appreciation. Our 
shareholders have shown their confidence in the strategy and 
results as evidenced by the relative share price performance.
We are proud to support the network of the Netherlands.
Gerard van de Aast, chair
Catherine Guillouard
Peter Hartman
Kitty Koelemeijer
Edzard Overbeek
Alejandro Plater
Jolande Sap
Chantal Vergouw
89 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 90:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Remuneration Report
Letter from the Chair of the Remuneration Committee
Dear stakeholder,
On behalf of the Remuneration Committee, I am pleased to 
report on the activities of the Committee in 2022 and to present 
the Remuneration Report 2022. This Remuneration Report was 
prepared in line with the requirements stemming from Dutch 
law and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and will be 
submitted to the General Meeting of Shareholders for an advisory 
vote. The Remuneration Report 2021 was submitted to the AGM 
for an advisory vote in April 2022 and resulted in a 97.45% 
voting 'for' and 2.55% voting 'against'. This outcome supports the 
overall conclusion that KPN’s remuneration report is considered 
to be in line with current best practices. No material changes 
are considered for the underlying guiding principles of the 
Remuneration report 2022.
The remuneration policy was last amended by the General 
Meeting of Shareholders in April 2020. The objective of the 
remuneration policy for the Board of Management is to attract, 
reward and retain necessary leadership talent, in order to support 
the execution of the company’s strategic objectives.
We continued to make good progress on the execution of our 
strategy and our financial results were solid and continue to 
reflect a mix of an ongoing competitive environment and the 
impact of our strategic actions. Our long standing emphasis 
on sustainability remains an important part of our foundation. 
We continuously work towards reducing our ecological footprint, 
while helping our customers to limit theirs. Our Accelerate to Grow 
strategy focuses on accelerating our fiber roll-out, growing our 
customer footprint, improving the digital customer experience 
for families and businesses and renewing our way of working. 
We took great care of our people by introducing a new CLA for 
2023 which gives our employees trust and growth in turbulent 
economic times. The Remuneration Committee believes that the 
main principles of the remuneration policy for the members of the 
Board of Management supports this strategy, so that there is no 
need to update this policy.
As part of its annually recurring tasks, the Committee defined 
the level of pay-out for individual members of the Board of 
Management as part of the STI plan 2021 and LTI grant 2019, 
and determined the financial and non-financial targets and 
performance criteria for the STI and LTI plans 2022.
The Supervisory Board maintains continued focus on ESG and our 
role in Dutch society and has introduced, for the LTI plan of 2022, 
a gender diversity target as one of the two non-financial targets 
with an equivalent weight of 15% of the total LTI plan. Interim 
updates on the development of this gender diversity target, as is 
prevalent for all LTI targets, will ensure that the Supervisory Board 
keeps track on this.
In the second half of the year, the Committee received updates on 
anticipated pay-out levels and scenarios in this respect. The chair 
of the Committee, a Remuneration Committee member and the 
Chief People Officer also discussed the remuneration policy and 
its application with the Central Works Council.
The committee considered whether the remuneration of the 
members of the Board of Management was still at the overall 
market-competitive pay-level, as these have not been changed 
since their appointment. During this process, the committee has 
viewed the remuneration of the Board of Management against the 
developments of the employment market peer group, as laid out 
in the Remuneration Policy, and the development of the general 
CLA increases for KPN employees. Considering all appropriate 
factors, the Committee has decided to increase the base salary 
of the members of the Board of Management with 2% as per 
1 October 2022.
I trust that the Remuneration Report on the next pages 
provides our stakeholders with the relevant information on the 
implementation of the company's remuneration policy.
Peter Hartman
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
90 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 91:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Remuneration policy of the Board of Management
The main principles of KPN’s remuneration policy, as described 
below, are based on a balanced approach between market 
competitive standards, the ratio between fixed and variable 
pay and the economic and Environmental, Social & Governance 
(ESG) contribution of the company linked to the non-financial 
parameters of the variable pay:
• Paying at market-competitive level, considering all fixed and 
variable components of the remuneration policy, achieved 
through benchmarking against an employment market 
peer group
• Pay-for-performance by driving financial and non-financial 
performance that generates long-term sustainable and 
profitable growth. Target remuneration aims at 30-40% of 
pay in base pay and 60-70% in variable pay in order to maintain 
a strong alignment with the company’s financial performance 
goals and long-term value creation strategy
• Differentiating by experience and responsibility through 
alignment of the pay with the responsibilities, relevant 
experience, required competences and performance of 
individual jobholders
• Balancing all stakeholder interests, including the views of 
shareholders and society, including dialogue with the works 
council, by complying with best practices in corporate 
governance, defining targets for the variable pay plans based 
on financial and non-financial targets and a transparent and 
clear remuneration.
The following pie charts represent the fixed/variable pay mix 
for both the CEO and other Board members in the case of an 
on-target, threshold and maximum performance of the assigned 
financial and non-financial targets.
On-target Threshold Maximum
CEO
30%30%
28%28%
42%42%
58%58%
13%13%
29%29%
20%20%
27%27%
53%53%
Base
STI
LTI
On-target Threshold Maximum
Other Board members
40%40%
24%24%
36%36%
67%67%
10%10%
23%23% 27%27%
24%24%
49%49%
Base
STI
LTI
91 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 92:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
KPN uses the following employment market peer group that 
consists of Dutch-listed and European sector-specific companies:
Companies:
Akzo Nobel ASML Telecom Italia
DSM Signify Telenor
Randstad Telecom Austria Proximus
Ahold Delhaize Telefónica Deutschland Swisscom
Philips Telia Company
The employment market peer group is used as a reference 
to evaluate the overall market-competitive pay-level for the 
members of the Board of Management.
Main features of the short-term and long-term incentive plans:
Short-term incentive (STI) plan
Component Short-term incentives
Form of compensation Cash, possible pay-out for maximum 50% in shares, if share ownership guideline levels have not yet been reached
Value determination (on-target level) CEO: 90% of base salary and other members Board of Management: 60% of base salary
Financial- and non-financial targets Financial (70% weight) and non-financial targets (30% weight), subject to the financial circuit-breaker; linear vesting
Scenario at or below threshold performance At threshold: 25% of the on-target incentive paid. Below threshold: no pay-out
Scenario on-target performance 100% of the on-target incentive paid
Scenario maximum performance 150% of the on-target incentive paid
Long-term incentive (LTI) plan
Component Long-term incentives
Form of compensation Shares
Value determination (on-target level) CEO: 135% of base salary and other members of the Board of Management: 90% of base salary
Financial- and non-financial targets Financial (70% weight) and non-financial targets (30% weight); linear vesting
Scenario at or below threshold performance At threshold: 25% of granted shares vest (TSR 75%, i.e. 50th percentile peer group). Below threshold: no vesting
Scenario on-target performance 100% of the granted shares vest (for TSR linear between 50th percentile and first position peer group)
Scenario maximum performance 200% of the granted shares vest (for TSR first position in the peer group)
Holding period 3 years after vesting
Remuneration of the Board of Management in 2022
The actual remuneration of the members of the Board 
of Management was determined by the Supervisory Board 
according to the remuneration policy as approved by the AGM.
92 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 93:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Remuneration packages of the individual current members of the Board of Management:
Member Position Base salary (EUR)1
On-target STI
(% base salary)
On-target LTI
(% base 
salary)
Joost Farwerck Chief Executive Officer 892,500 90% 135%
Chris Figee Chief Financial Officer 688,500 60% 90%
Jean-Pascal van Overbeke Chief Consumer Market 663,000 60% 90%
Marieke Snoep Chief Business Market 663,000 60% 90%
Babak Fouladi Chief Technology & Digital Officer 663,000 60% 90%
Hilde Garssen Chief People Officer 510,000 60% 90%
1 As of 1 October 2022
Annual base salary
The base salary levels of the Board of Management were 
increased with 2% as of 1st of October 2022. The Committee 
considered possible amendments to the base salaries of the 
members of the Board of Management, which had not been 
changed since their appointment in December 2019. It concluded 
to increase the base salaries of the members of the Board 
of Management, taking due account the developments of the 
employment market peer group, as laid out in the Remuneration 
Policy, and the changes to the base salaries of the company’s 
employees under the collective labor agreement.
Details actual pay-out level STI
Bandwidth pay-out level Outcome
Plan Target Weight Minimum On-target Maximum Performance Actual pay-out % Minimum On-target Maximum
STI 2022 Financials (70% weighting):
–  Adjusted 
EBITDA AL 25% 25% 100% 150% 104% 26.08%
–  Service 
Revenue 25% 25% 100% 150% 124% 31.07%
–  FCF 20% 25% 100% 150% 121% 24.09%
Non-ﬁnancials (30% weighting): 25% 100% 150%
–  NPS NL 15% 10 13 16 11,5 9.30%
–  Broadband 
base 15% 4,300,992 4,344,436 4,387,881 4.266,581 0.00%
Total  
pay-out level 100% 90.54%
The STI 2022 outcome reflects the fact that we delivered on our 
financial guidance aspects and ambitions for 2022. KPN remained 
fully on track with the execution of its strategy while maintaining a 
robust liquidity position. Together with improving service revenue 
trends, cost savings enabled us to protect our margins, deliver 
solid EBITDA growth and exceed our guidance in terms of free 
cash flow delivery. For broadband lines the actual performance 
was below the assigned threshold, mainly driven by challenging 
competitive dynamics in the wider broadband market.
The commitment our employees showed towards customer 
centricity and the reliability of products and services has been 
paying off, as illustrated by KPN’s leading customer satisfaction in 
the Dutch market. Based on an ambitious on-target NPS NL target 
level of 13 set at the beginning of the year the actual performance 
ended up at 11.5.
93 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 94:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Members of the Board of Management are encouraged to acquire 
company shares equal to 250% of base salary for the CEO and 
150% of base salary for the other members of the Board of 
Management. To further stimulate reaching the anticipated share 
ownership levels, the STI is paid out, after deduction of taxes, for 
maximum 50% in shares if the share ownership guideline levels 
have not yet been reached.
Details actual pay-out (vesting) level LTI 2020: vesting period 2020-2022
Bandwidth vesting level Outcome
Plan Target Weight Minimum On-target Maximum Performance Actual vesting % Minimum On-target Maximum
LTI 2020 Financials (70% weighting):
–  TSR versus 
peer group 25% 75% 
10th position 
100%  
linear vesting
200% 
1st position 163% 41% 
–  FCF 45% 25% 100% 200% 45% 20%
Non-ﬁnancials (30% weighting): 25% 100% 200%
–  Reputation 
target 15% 67.6 69.5 71.6 71.6 30%
–  Circularity 
target 15% 82% 84% 86% 86% 30%
Total vesting level 100% 121%
For the LTI plan issued in 2020, the financial targets were based 
on relative TSR, 25% weight, and free cash flow, 45% weight and 
the non-financial targets were determined based on circularity 
and reputation, each with a weight of 15%. The LTI plan 2020 
vests in April 2023 and the final TSR performance was determined 
mid-February 2023. The LTI plan vested based on the TSR 
performance that put KPN in fourth position in the TSR reference 
peer group that consists of 21 companies (i.e. STOXX 600 Europe 
Telecom index), supported by KPN’s growing dividend and share 
buyback program. During the vesting period 2020-2022, KPN’s 
results on cumulative free cash flow, supported by a strong cost 
savings discipline, performed above the ambitious threshold level 
of the bandwidth which contributed to a strong liquidity position 
at the end of 2022.
The reputation target is based on external data measured 
by RepTrak, the leading international organization devoted to 
advancing knowledge about corporate reputations. The external 
data are independently collected through an online survey among 
a representative sample of the general public. The bandwidth of 
the reputation target is based on the 12-month moving averages 
of the data collected by RepTrak prior to the vesting period. 
The reputation target for the LTI plan 2020 was set based on 
three attributes, i.e. ‘well organized company’, ‘excellent managers’ 
and ‘positive influence on society’. The two attributes ‘excellent 
managers’ and ‘well-organized company’ were selected as main 
drivers to measure the successful implementation and execution 
of the new strategy, while the attribute ‘positive influence on 
society’ was selected for KPN’s continuous commitment to Dutch 
society. The composite performance of the three attributes was 
71.6 and outperformed the target level of the bandwidth set at 
69.5, indicating a significant growth as part of the continuous 
improvement in KPN’s reputation during the vesting period 
2020-2022. In the vesting period KPN particularly improved 
on ‘positive influence on society’, one of the most impactful 
drivers of reputation. This is also the outcome of KPN continued 
contribution to society, sustainable operations and its vital role in 
society during the pandemic.
Circularity was selected as a non-financial target to reflect our 
long-term ambition on sustainability. We built a road-map to 
reach our ambition of having close to 100% circular operations by 
2025. This road-map is governed by the Energy & Environmental 
Board. The circularity target was aligned to a close to 100% 
performance on re-use and recycling (i.e. outflow of materials 
and waste) by 2025. The on-target ambition for the performance 
period 2020-2022 on reuse and recycling was set at 84% versus 
a baseline of on or about 77% in 2019. The actual outcome in 
the performance period 2020-2022 is 86% and therefore at the 
maximum level. This reflects the significant effort particularly in 
networks and offices by our suppliers to improve transparency 
and timely reporting in our value chains across all significant 
materials flows.
Targets LTI 2022, vesting period 2022-2024
For the LTI plan issued in 2022, the financial targets are based 
on relative TSR with a 25% weighting and free cash flow with a 
45% weighting. Under the LTI plan, the Supervisory Board selects 
two non-financial targets each year based on a predetermined 
set of five strategic categories. The non-financial targets for the 
LTI plan 2022 were determined based on the ESG related targets 
circularity and diversity, each with a weighting of 15%.
94 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 95:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Circularity was selected as a non-financial target to reflect our 
long-term sustainability ambitions. The circularity target was 
aligned to the reduction of scope 3 supply chain emissions. The 
on-target ambition for the performance period 2022-2024 was set 
versus the baseline in 2014. As part of our close to 100% circular 
ambition we collaborate with our partners to optimize our value 
chain towards our ambition of zero waste by 2025.
Diversity was selected as a non-financial target to maintain 
continued focus on our role in Dutch society. The diversity 
target being the percentage of female employees in senior 
management positions was selected to focus on the importance 
of diversity within KPN and the important role KPN has within the 
Dutch society.
Actual received remuneration of the Board of Management (in thousands of EUR)
See Note 5 for full disclosure of remuneration cost under IFRS principles (also including former members).
Name Position Year Base STI
Actual 
vested LTI1
Pension 
benefits
Social 
security/
other 
compensation2 Total3
%
Fixed4
%
Variable4
Joost Farwerck CEO 2022 879 717 2,460 219 30 4,305 22% 78%
2021 875 937 996 213 30 3,051 31% 69%
Chris Figee CFO 2022 678 368 1,260 117 37 2,460 29% 71%
2021 675 482 - 110 37 1,304 58% 42%
Jean-Pascal van Overbeke CCM 2022 653 355 1,220 154 15 2,397 29% 71%
2021 650 464 634 153 15 1,916 37% 63%
Marieke Snoep CBM 2022 653 355 1,220 126 30 2,384 29% 71%
2021 650 464 514 117 30 1,775 40% 60%
Babak Fouladi CTDO 2022 653 355 1,220 126 13 2,367 29% 71%
2021 650 464 634 125 13 1,886 37% 63%
Hilde Garssen CPO 2022 503 273 940 83 15 1,814 29% 71%
2021 500 357 206 82 15 1,160 47% 53%
1 The 2022 amounts give an indication of the value of the shares that will vest in April 2023 which relate to the LTI 2020 grant. The 2021 amounts are the actual values of the shares that vested in April 
2022 which relate to the LTI 2019 grant.
2 In addition to social security, the stated amounts include allowances that can be considered as indirect remuneration and relates to the value for the private use of the company car.
3 All remuneration was borne by KPN B.V, please see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the individual pension benefits, on cost and social security.
4 Excluding pension cost, social security and other compensation.
95 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 96:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Change in remuneration for members of the Board of Management versus company performance and remuneration of an 
average employee over five years.
The table includes the current members of the Board of Management and a comparison is disclosed over the last five years as far as a ‘like for like’ comparison was possible 
(i.e. full year appointment during the five-year period).
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Remuneration Joost Farwerck (EUR)1 1,384,000 1,669,000 2,301,000 3,051,000 4,305,000
Position COO COO/CEO CEO CEO CEO
-Year on Year difference (EUR) -520,000 285,000 632,000 750,000 1,254,000
-Year on year difference (%) -27% +21% +38% +33% +41%
Remuneration CFO (EUR)2 1,419,000 1,555,000 1,169,000 1,304,000 2,460,000
-Year on Year difference (EUR) -603,000 136,000 -386,000 135,000 1,156,000
-Year on year difference (%) -30% +10% -25% +12% +89%3
Remuneration other current members on 
average (EUR)4 92,500 1,112,000 1,684,000 2,241,000
-Year on Year difference (EUR) 1,019,500 572,000 557,000
-Year on year difference (%) n/m +51% +33%
TSR position (part of LTI)
-Position peer group 8th (no vesting) 6th (75% vesting) 6th (75% vesting) 8th (102.8% 
vesting)
4th (163% vesting)
Free cash flow (part of STI/LTI) Performance: Performance: Performance: Performance: Performance:
-STI bandwidth pay-out level Around maximum Maximum Between on-target 
and maximum
Between on-target 
and maximum
Between on-target 
and maximum
-LTI bandwidth pay-out level Below threshold Slightly above 
threshold
Slightly above 
threshold
Between threshold 
and on-target
Between threshold 
and on-target
EBITDA (part of STI) Performance: Performance: Performance: Performance: Performance:
-Pay-out level STI bandwidth Around on-target Between on-target 
and maximum
Above on-target Around on-target Around on-target
Average cost per FTE (IFRS, EUR)5 85,355 88,445 84,306 90,869 93,282
Pay ratio CEO (IFRS)6 29 30 30 33 32
1 Remuneration as of 1 October 2019 as CEO. Prior to that the remuneration relates to his COO position.
2 The years 2018-2019 refer to the remuneration of Jan Kees de Jager. The 2020 amount is the remuneration of Chris Figee recalculated on a full-year basis considering his appointment on 
1 February 2020.
3 Including the first vesting of the LTI award (2020 grant).
4 Since appointment to the Board of Management with an effective date of 1 December 2019.
5 Based on KPN CLA agreement, base salaries for the CLA population increased by 2.6% in 2022. Average cost per FTE (IFRS) in 2021 was impacted by annual differences in outcomes of incentive plans.
6 The pay ratio for the year 2018 relates to Maximo Ibarra.
The fluctuation in actual pay levels during the five reference 
years is predominantly the result of the outcome of the STI 
and LTI combined with the relative high emphasis on pay for 
performance reflected in the short-term and long-term incentive 
plans. The STI pay-out (in terms of performance versus the 
assigned targets) was aligned with the level of pay-out to senior 
management and the CLA employees as in general the same 
financial and non-financial targets were applied in these variable 
pay plans when compared to the assigned targets of the Board of 
Management. The average STI pay-out over the five-year period 
is close to 99% of the on-target level and the LTI plans vested over 
the five-year period on average close to 79% of the on-target level 
reflecting the ambitious targets set for variable incentive plans.
Considering the five-year results, variable pay on financial and 
non-financial targets is strongly linked with KPN’s performance 
against peers (TSR) and its outcomes on the key metrics 
FCF and EBITDA AL ensuring alignment with the financial 
performance goals and the long-term value creation strategy. 
Increasing revenues were supported by ongoing savings from 
the simplification and digitalization of services. KPN generates 
growth in FCF which supports a progressive regular dividend and 
a robust liquidity position and the company remains committed to 
an investment grade credit profile.
96 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 97:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
KPN’s internal pay ratio
To ensure transparency and clarity, KPN applies an IFRS-driven 
methodology to calculate the internal pay ratio. KPN’s internal 
pay ratio compares the total CEO compensation under IFRS 
principles with the average compensation of employees with a 
labour agreement with KPN (total personnel expenses of KPN 
employees divided by the average number of KPN FTEs).
KPN’s calculated pay ratio in 2022 is 32 (2021: 33). This outcome is 
in line with KPN’s acceptable bandwidths. For further details, see 
Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The table below presents the number of shares and current share plans for current board members.
Grant date
Shares held 
as of 
1 January 
2022 Vested1
Granted, 
forfeited or 
sold2
As of 
31 December 
2022
Pre-tax fair 
value on 
grant date 
(EUR)3
Pre-tax 
market 
value on 
vesting date 
or end of 
lock-up in 
2022 (EUR)
End of lock-up 
period
Joost Farwerck 14 April 2022 - - 342,173 342,173 1,214,714 14 April 2028
15 April 2021 416,740 - - 416,740 1,125,198 15 April 2027
16 April 2020 535,132 - - 535,132 1,091,669 16 April 2026
11 April 2019 302,514 -175,033 -127,481 - 874,265 995,834 11 April 2025
Chris Figee 14 April 2022 - - 175,975 175,975 624,711 14 April 2028
15 April 2021 214,324 - 214,324 578,675 15 April 2027
16 April 2020 275,211 - - 275,211 561,430 16 April 2026
Jean-Pascal van Overbeke 14 April 2022 - - 169,457 169,457 601,572 14 April 2028
15 April 2021 206,386 - - 206,386 557,242 15 April 2027
16 April 2020 265,018 - - 265,018 540,637 16 April 2026
11 April 2019 196,732 -144,200 -52,532 - 568,555 633,955 11 April 2025
Marieke Snoep 14 April 2022 - - 169,457 169,457 601,572 14 April 2028
15 April 2021 206,386 - - 206,386 557,242 15 April 2027
16 April 2020 265,018 - - 265,018 540,637 16 April 2026
11 April 2019 156,136 -90,339 -65,797 - 451,233 513,976 11 April 2025
Babak Fouladi 14 April 2022 - - 169,457 169,457 601,572 14 April 2028
15 April 2021 206,386 - - 206,386 557,242 15 April 2027
16 April 2020 265,018 - - 265,018 540,637 16 April 2026
11 April 2019 196,732 -144,200 -52,532 - 568,555 633,995 11 April 2025
Hilde Garssen 14 April 2022 - - 130,352 130,352 462,750 14 April 2028
15 April 2021 158,758 - - 158,758 428,647 15 April 2027
16 April 2020 203,860 - - 203,860 415,874 16 April 2026
11 April 2019 62,454 -36,135 -26,319 - 180,492 205,589 11 April 2025
1 The 2019 share grant vested in April 2022 with a actual vesting percentage of 92,1% (excluding deferred dividend).
2 The shares granted to the Board of Management represent 40% (2021: 41%) of the total number of shares and share-based awards granted in 2022 to all employees. The grant numbers do not include 
any deferred dividend during the vesting period. The deferred dividend during the vesting period will be additionally granted in shares.
3 Value is calculated by multiplying the number of share awards by the fair value at grant date.
97 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 98:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
See the Insider transactions section for stock ownership of the 
members of the Board of Management and Supervisory Board 
and see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a 
further description and valuation of the share plans.
Claw-back clause
The claw-back clause was not applied in 2022.
Developments for 2023
The current remuneration policy was approved by the AGM 
in April 2020. During the course of 2023, the remuneration 
policy will be reviewed. Based on the outcome of this review, 
potential adjustments to the current remuneration policy or a 
reconfirmation of the current policy will be presented for approval 
to the AGM of Shareholders in April 2024, taking in consideration 
input and views from the stakeholder engagement process which 
will be conducted over the course of 2023.
Supervisory Board
The objective of the remuneration policy for the Supervisory 
Board is to reward the members appropriately for their work based 
on market-competitive fee levels. To the extent applicable, the 
same principles of the Board of Management remuneration policy 
apply to the Supervisory Board remuneration policy.
KPN has a fixed annual fee and annual committee membership 
fees for the members of the Supervisory Board. The eligibility for 
committee fees is limited to two committees (i.e. the two highest 
fees will be applicable).
AEX-listed companies with a two-tier board serve as a reference 
to determine market-competitive fee levels. Supervisory Board 
members do not receive any variable compensation and are not 
granted any shares as a form of pay.
The following table shows the annual fixed fee structure for 
the members of the Supervisory Board and the members of 
the committees.
Position
Annual 
fee in EUR
Chair Supervisory Board 100,000
Vice-chair Supervisory Board 70,000
Member Supervisory Board 60,000
Chair Audit Committee 20,000
Member Audit Committee 10,000
Chair Strategy & Organization Committee 12,500
Member Strategy & Organization Committee 7,500
Chair Remuneration Committee 10,000
Member Remuneration Committee 5,000
Chair Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee 10,000
Member Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee 5,000
98 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 99:
Remuneration Report
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
The following table shows the actual fee for each current member 
of the Supervisory Board.
Amounts in €
Membership 
fee 2022
Committee 
fees 2022
Total 
2022
Total 
2021 Total 2020 Total 2019 Total 2018
G.J.A. van de Aast Chair 88,556 15,000 103,556 53,334 - - -
P.F. Hartman Vice-chair1 60,000 15,000 75,000 75,000 75,000 75,000 76,875
C.R.A. Guillouard Member 60,000 27,500 87,500 84,611 54,896 - -
E.J.C. Overbeek Member 60,000 12,500 72,500 72,500 72,500 72,500 71,250
A.D. Plater Member 60,000 17,500 77,500 77,500 23,680 - -
J.C.M. Sap Member 60,000 15,000 75,000 75,000 75,000 70,000 70,000
K. Koelemeijer2 Member 42,833 8,923 51,756 - - - -
C. Vergouw2 Member 42,833 8,923 51,756 - - - -
D.W. Sickinghe3 Chair 28,611 5,007 33,618 117,500 116,771 115,000 116,875
C.J.G. Zuiderwijk3 Member 17,167 2,862 20,029 70,000 70,000 70,000 71,875
Total 520,000 128,215 648,215
1 Mr. Hartman voluntarily receives the regular member fee instead of the fee for the Vice-chairman position.
2 Since appointment in the Supervisory Board with an effective date of 13 April 2022.
3 Up to 13 April 2022.
Developments for 2023
The current remuneration policy was approved by the AGM 
in April 2020. During the course of 2023, the remuneration 
policy will be reviewed. Based on the outcome of this review, 
potential adjustments to the current remuneration policy or a 
reconfirmation of the current policy will be presented for approval 
to the AGM of Shareholders in April 2024, taking in consideration 
input and views from the stakeholder engagement process which 
will be conducted over the course of 2023.
99 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 101:
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
101 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements

Page 102:
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
102 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 103:
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 104
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 105
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 106
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 108
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 109
General notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 110
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 115
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 129
Other notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 162
Corporate Financial Statements
Corporate Statement of Profit or Loss 167
Corporate Statement of Financial Position 168
Notes to the Corporate Financial Statements 170
Other information
Statutory provisions on allocation of profit 175
Combined independent auditor’s report and 
assurance report
176
Annex to the combined independent auditor’s and 
assurance report
185
103 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 104:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December
€ million Notes 2022 2021 
(Restated)
Revenues [4.1] 5,324 5,270
Other income [4.2, 21] 50 852
Total revenues and other income 5,374 6,122
Cost of goods & services 1,379 1,325
Personnel expenses [5] 809 844
Information technology/Technical infrastructure 298 307
Other operating expenses [6] 328 324
Depreciation, amortization and impairments [10, 11, 19] 1,346 1,460
Total operating expenses 4,160 4,259
Operating profit 1,214 1,862
Finance income 8 -
Finance costs -213 -223
Other financial results -22 -11
Financial income and expenses [7, 19] -227 -234
Share of the profit/loss (-) of associates and joint ventures [12, 21] 6 -2
Profit before income tax from continuing operations 993 1,627
Income taxes [8] -227 -344
Profit for the year from continuing operations 766 1,283
Profit/loss (-) for the year from discontinued operations -5 5
Profit for the year 761 1,288
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests - 1
Profit attributable to equity holders of the company 760 1,288
Earnings per ordinary share after taxes attributable to equity holders of the company for the 
year in EUR [9]
Basic (continuing operations) 0.18 0.30
Diluted (continuing operations) 0.18 0.30
Basic (discontinued operations) - -
Diluted (discontinued operations) - -
Basic (total, including discontinued operations) 0.18 0.31
Diluted (total, including discontinued operations) 0.18 0.31
104 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 105:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December
€ million Notes 2022 2021
Profit for the year 761 1,288
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
Other comprehensive income to be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss when specific conditions are met:
Net gain/loss (-) on cash flow hedges [16] 39 31
Currency translation differences [16] 2 -7
Net other comprehensive income/loss (-) to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods 41 24
Items of other comprehensive income not to be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Retirement benefits remeasurements 5 52
Net gain/loss (-) on equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income [13.1] 10 5
Net other comprehensive income/loss (-) not to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods 15 57
Other comprehensive income/loss (-) for the year, net of tax 56 81
Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 817 1,369
Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax, attributable to:
Equity holders of the company 817 1,368
Non-controlling interests - 1
817 1,369
Total comprehensive income/loss (-) attributable to equity holders of the company arises from:
Continuing operations 822 1,363
Discontinued operations -5 5
105 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 106:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Assets
€ million Notes 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment [10] 5,568 5,463
Intangible assets [11] 2,884 3,006
Right-of-use assets [19] 848 804
Equity investments accounted for using the equity method [12] 496 511
Equity investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income [13.1] 76 49
Derivative financial instruments [13.3] 125 212
Other financial asset at fair value through profit or loss [13.1, 21] 168 204
Deferred income tax assets [8] 261 506
Trade and other receivables [14.1] 95 77
Contract assets and contract costs [14.2] 50 36
10,571 10,869
Current assets
Inventories 49 37
Trade and other receivables [14.1] 632 677
Contract assets and contract costs [14.2] 84 45
Income tax receivables 76 2
Derivative financial instruments [13.3] 23 -
Other financial asset at fair value through profit or loss [13.1, 21] 28 14
Other current financial assets [13.1] 100 300
Cash and cash equivalents [15] 399 793
1,392 1,868
Total assets 11,963 12,737
106 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 107:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Equity and liabilities
€ million Notes 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Equity
Share capital 161 168
Share premium 7,960 8,445
Other reserves -106 -358
Retained earnings -5,356 -5,523
Equity attributable to holders of perpetual capital securities 990 496
Equity attributable to equity holders of the company 3,650 3,228
Non-controlling interests 2 2
Total equity [16] 3,652 3,230
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings [13.2] 5,171 6,067
Lease liabilities [19] 770 736
Derivative financial instruments [13.3] 366 64
Deferred income tax liabilities [8] 2 -
Provisions for retirement benefit obligations [17] 49 92
Provisions for other liabilities and charges [18] 131 150
Contract liabilities [20] 130 169
Other payables [20] 8 8
6,629 7,286
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables [20] 1,140 1,176
Contract liabilities [20] 169 186
Borrowings [13.2] 196 677
Lease liabilities [19] 153 137
Derivative financial instruments [13.3] 1 -
Income tax payables [8] - 17
Provisions for other liabilities and charges [18] 23 27
1,682 2,221
Total equity and liabilities 11,963 12,737
107 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 108:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
€ million, except number of shares  Notes
Subscribed 
ordinary shares
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Other 
reserves
Retained 
earnings
Equity 
attributable 
to 
holders 
of 
perpetual 
capital 
securities
Equity 
attributable 
to equity 
holders of 
the 
company
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total
equity
Balance at 31 December 2020 4,202,844,404 168 8,445 -199 -6,289 496 2,621 1 2,622
Profit for the year - - - 1,288 - 1,288 1 1,288
Other comprehensive income for the period - - 24 57 - 81 - 81
Total comprehensive income for the period - - 24 1,344 - 1,368 1 1,369
Share based compensation [5] - - - -14 - -14 - -14
Sold treasury shares - - 17 - - 17 - 17
Dividends paid - - - -554 - -554 - -554
Paid coupon perpetual hybrid bond [13.2] - - - -10 - -10 - -10
Share repurchase [16] - - -200 - - -200 - -200
Total transactions with owners, recognized 
directly in equity - - -183 -578 - -761 - -761
Balance at 31 December 2021 4,202,844,404 168 8,445 -358 -5,523 496 3,228 2 3,230
Balance at 1 January 2022 4,202,844,404 168 8,445 -358 -5,523 496 3,228 2 3,230
Change in accounting policies [2] - - - -11 - -11 - -11
Balance at 1 January 2022 (restated) 4,202,844,404 168 8,445 -358 -5,534 496 3,217 2 3,219
Profit for the year - - - 760 - 760 - 761
Other comprehensive income for the period - - 41 15 - 56 - 56
Total comprehensive income for the period - - 41 776 - 817 - 817
Share based compensation [5] - - - -9 - -9 - -9
Sold treasury shares - - 14 - - 14 - 14
Treasury shares withdrawn [16] -165,524,811 -7 -485 492 - - - - -
Issuance of perpetual hybrid bond [13.2] - - - - 494 494 - 494
Dividends paid - - - -571 - -571 - -571
Paid coupon perpetual hybrid bond [13.2] - - - -17 - -17 - -17
Share repurchase [16] - - -300 - - -300 - -300
Other - - 5 - - 5 - 5
Total transactions with owners, recognized 
directly in equity -165,524,811 -7 -485 211 -597 494 -384 - -384
Balance at 31 December 2022 4,037,319,593 161 7,960 -106 -5,356 990 3,650 2 3,652
108 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 109:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December
€ million Notes 2022 2021
Profit before income tax from continuing operations 993 1,627
Adjustments for:
– Net financial expense [7] 227 234
– Share-based compensation [5] 7 6
– Share of the profit/loss (-) of associates and joint ventures -6 2
– Depreciation, amortization and impairments [10, 11, 19] 1,346 1,460
– Other income and non-cash income and expense [4.2, 21] -50 -852
– Changes in provisions (excluding deferred taxes) -64 -56
Changes in working capital relating to:
– Current assets -7 -49
– Current liabilities 11 53
Income taxes paid/received -50 -77
Interest paid/received -220 -218
Net cash flow from operating activities from continuing operations 2,188 2,129
Net cash flow from operating activities from discontinued operations - -1
Net cash flow from operating activities 2,188 2,128
Acquisition of and investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures (net of 
acquired cash) [12, 21] -37 -30
Disposal of subsidiaries and associates (net of cash) [21] 14 196
Tax paid on disposal of subsidiaries and associates [12] -34 -197
Investments in software -245 -227
Investments in other intangible assets - -4
Investments in property, plant and equipment -961 -989
Disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets - 79
Acquisition or disposal of other financial assets [13.1] 184 -37
Net cash flow from investing activities from continuing operations -1,079 -1,209
Net cash flow from investing activities from discontinued operations -4 -3
Net cash flow from investing activities -1,083 -1,212
Dividends paid -571 -554
Share repurchase [16] -300 -200
Paid coupon perpetual hybrid bonds -17 -10
Issuance of perpetual hybrid bonds 493 -
Proceeds from borrowings [13.2] - 689
Repayments of borrowings and settlement of derivatives [13.1, 13.2] -981 -498
Repayments of lease liabilities [19] -124 -135
Other 2 -9
Net cash flow from financing activities from continuing operations -1,499 -717
Net cash flow from financing activities from discontinued operations - -
Net cash flow from financing activities -1,499 -717
Total net cash flow from continuing operations -390 203
Total net cash flow from discontinued operations -4 -4
Changes in cash and cash equivalents -394 198
Net cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 793 594
Net cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 399 793
Bank overdrafts - -
Cash and cash equivalents [15] 399 793
109 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 110:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
General notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
[1] General information
Koninklijke KPN N.V. (KPN or the company) was incorporated in 
1989 and is domiciled in the Netherlands. KPN is registered at the 
Chamber of Commerce (file no. 02045200). The address of KPN’s 
registered office is Wilhelminakade 123, 3072 AP, Rotterdam. 
KPN’s shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam.
KPN is a leading telecommunications and IT provider in the 
Netherlands, offering fixed and mobile telephony, fixed and 
mobile broadband internet and TV to retail and business 
consumers. KPN is market leader in the Netherlands in 
infrastructure and network-related IT solutions to business 
customers. KPN also provides wholesale network services to 
third parties.
The Financial Statements were authorized for issue by both the 
Supervisory Board and the Board of Management on 24 February 
2023 and are subject to adoption by the Annual General Meeting 
of Shareholders on 12 April 2023.
[2] Summary of significant accounting policies
Basis of preparation
The Consolidated Financial Statements of KPN have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) and with 
the statutory provisions of Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code, under the historical cost convention, except for certain 
equity investments accounted for using the equity method, and 
certain equity investments and derivative financial instruments 
measured at fair value, and on a going-concern basis.
All amounts are presented in millions unless stated otherwise. 
Certain figures may not tally exactly due to rounding. In 
addition, certain percentages may have been calculated using 
rounded figures.
Restatement of comparative financial information
Some comparative financial information for 2021 has been 
restated. The restatements consisted of reclassifications within 
revenues categories and reclassifications of expenses between 
the various operating expense categories. The adjustments were 
based on further review of the nature of these revenues and 
expense types. The impact on total revenues and total operating 
expenses is limited as both decreased by EUR 1m.
Summary of significant accounting policies
The general accounting policies as applied are described below. 
Significant accounting policies are described in the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
KPN applies new standards and amendments issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), when effective 
and endorsed by the European Union. KPN has not early adopted 
any standards.
KPN has concluded that the following, endorsed, amendments 
effective 1 January 2022 did not have a significant impact:
• IFRS 3 regarding the added exception to avoid potential ‘day 
2’ gains or losses from contingent assets and liabilities or 
levies; and
• IAS 16 regarding recognition of proceeds generated by items of 
property, plant & equipment during their construction phase.
KPN has not applied the amendments to IFRS 16 regarding 
COVID-19 related rent concessions.
Amendment to IAS 37: Onerous contracts
The amendments to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets specify which costs must be included when 
assessing whether a contract is onerous or loss-making using a 
‘directly related cost approach’.
Costs that relate directly to a contract to provide goods or services 
include both incremental costs (such as costs of direct labor and 
materials) and an allocation of costs directly related to contract 
activities (such as depreciation of equipment used to fulfill the 
contract as well as costs of contract management). General and 
administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are 
excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty 
under the contract. Previously, KPN did not consider costs of own 
personnel as incremental costs, whereas costs of externally hired 
personnel are included in the incremental costs.
The amendments have been endorsed by the EU and are effective 
as of 1 January 2022 with mandatory prospective application 
for contracts for which KPN had not yet fulfilled all of its 
obligations at the beginning of the annual reporting period in 
which it first applies the amendments (2022). The amendments 
resulted in an increase of the provisions for onerous contracts 
of EUR 14m on 1 January 2022. The impact on equity (net 
of tax) is EUR 11m. The cumulative effect of initially applying 
110 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 111:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
the amendments was recognized as an adjustment to retained 
earnings at 1 January 2022.
Future implications of new and amended standards 
and interpretations
The IASB has issued several new standards and amendments to 
existing standards with an effective date of 1 January 2023 or later.
KPN has concluded that the following, endorsed, amendments 
effective 1 January 2023 (or later) will not have a significant impact:
• Amendments to IAS 12: Deferred tax related to assets and 
liabilities arising from a single transaction;
• IAS 1 on the presentation of financial statements and disclosure 
of accounting policies; and
• Amendments to IAS 8 Accounting policies, changes 
in accounting estimates and errors: definition of 
accounting estimates.
KPN is reviewing the impact of the following amendments which 
are effective as of 1 January 2023 (or later) but have not yet 
been endorsed:
• IFRS 10 and IAS 28 regarding the sale or contribution of assets 
between an investor and its associate or joint venture;
• Amendments to IAS 1 on classification of liabilities as current or 
non-current; and
• Amendments to IFRS 16 on measurement of the lease liability in 
a sale and leaseback transaction.
KPN currently does not expect a significant impact from 
these standards.
Basis of consolidation
KPN’s Consolidated Financial Statements include the financial 
results of its subsidiaries and incorporate KPN’s share of the 
results from associates.
Subsidiaries are all entities directly or indirectly controlled by KPN. 
‘Control’ is defined as the power over an entity, i.e. the ability to 
govern the financial and operating policies, resulting in obtaining 
the variable returns from the entity’s activities.
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control 
is obtained by KPN and are deconsolidated from the date 
on which KPN’s control ceases. All intercompany transactions, 
balances and unrealized results on transactions with subsidiaries 
are eliminated.
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change 
of control that do not result in loss of control are accounted 
for as equity transactions. Gains or losses on disposals to non-
controlling interests are also recorded in equity.
Foreign currency translation
The Financial Statements are presented in euro (EUR), which is 
KPN’s presentation currency as well as functional currency.
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into euro using 
the exchange rates applicable at transaction date. At reporting 
date, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated to euro using the rates at reporting 
date. Exchange rate differences are recognized in profit or loss - 
except when these differences are related to qualifying cash flow 
hedges and qualifying net investment hedges, in which case the 
exchange rate differences are recorded in Other Comprehensive 
Income (OCI).
Exchange rate differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities 
are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss from that asset 
or liability. Exchange rate differences arising from the translation 
of the net investment in foreign entities, of borrowings and other 
currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments 
are recognized in OCI.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of 
a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign 
entity and translated at the closing rate at the reporting date.
Subsidiaries
For consolidation purposes, the results and financial position 
of subsidiaries are translated into euro at the closing rate of 
the date of the financial position (assets and liabilities) or at 
the average exchange rates applicable for the specific reporting 
period (income and expenses). All resulting exchange differences 
are recognized in OCI.
Statement of Cash Flows
The Statement of Cash Flows is prepared using the indirect 
method. Cash flows denominated in currencies other than euro 
are translated at average exchange rates. Cash flows relating 
to interest and taxes on profits and tax deductions relating to 
interest on perpetual hybrid bonds are included in the cash 
flow from operating activities. Tax payments directly related 
to disposal of subsidiaries are presented as part of the cash 
flows from investing activities when separately identifiable. The 
consideration paid in cash for acquired subsidiaries is included in 
the cash flow from investing activities, net of cash acquired. Cash 
flows resulting from the disposal of subsidiaries are disclosed 
separately, net of cash sold.
111 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 112:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Significant accounting estimates, judgments and 
assumptions made by management
Significant accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions 
made by management are evaluated continuously and are 
based on historic experience and other factors, including 
expectations of future events thought to be reasonable under 
the circumstances. Actual results may deviate from the estimates 
applied. Estimates are revised when material changes to the 
underlying assumption occur.
The accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions deemed 
significant to KPN’s Financial Statements relate to:
Subjects Notes
Determination of deferred tax assets for losses carry forward and 
provisions for tax contingencies
Notes 8 and 
22
Determination of value in use of cash-generating units for 
goodwill impairment testing Note 11
Assessments of exposure to credit risk and financial markets risk Note 13.4
The 'more likely than not' assessment required to determine 
whether or not to recognize a provision for idle cables, which are 
part of a public electronic communications network
Notes 18 and 
22
The assessment of the lease terms deemed reasonably certain of 
KPN's lease contracts and the incremental borrowing rate used to 
measure the lease liabilities
Note 19
Assessments whether revenue for variable consideration is 
probable or highly probable. This concerns revenue related 
to disputes and revenue related to VAT regarding unused 
multipurpose bundles
Notes 4
Several assessments related to KPN’s 50% interest in Glaspoort 
B.V. (classified as a joint venture):
- The assessment whether KPN has joint control over Glaspoort;
- The assessment whether operational contracts between 
Glaspoort and KPN are at arm’s length;
- The valuation of KPN’s interest in the joint venture (initially set 
at fair value, subsequently accounted for using the equity method 
subject to periodic impairment testing); and
- The valuation of the contingent cash consideration (financial 
asset at fair value through profit or loss).
Notes 12, 13.1 
and 21
In preparing the Financial Statements, KPN has applied 
the concept of materiality to the presentation and level 
of disclosures. Only essential and mandatory information is 
disclosed that is relevant to a reader’s understanding of these 
Financial Statements.
Sustainability and climate change
KPN is continuously enhancing, improving and modernizing its 
network to realize its sustainability goals, which include: providing 
internet access for everyone and everything and stimulate 
social inclusion, while building the most efficient network using 
technology to reduce energy consumption despite higher data 
usage. Through its sustainability efforts, KPN not only reduces its 
own energy consumption but also enables its customers to do 
the same. KPN’s increasing fiber footprint and the migration from 
copper to fiber network contributes to the realization of KPN's 
sustainability goals. Through participation in its joint venture 
Glaspoort B.V., KPN is accelerating its nationwide ambitions. In 
mobile, initiatives include the modernization of broadcasting 
and customer premises equipment. Other initiatives include the 
reduction of KPN's leased fleet and replacement of expired vehicle 
leases with electric vehicles only. The Board of Management has 
committed to the sustainability goals by adding non-financial 
sustainability linked targets to the LTI plans, such as the reduction 
of supply chain emissions (scope 3) and gender ratio targets.
In 2022, KPN issued a Green Hybrid Bond, demonstrating its 
commitment to the realization of its goals (see Note 13.2).
KPN has analyzed whether the above has had any impact on 
the valuation of KPN's assets, liabilities and financial results 
and concluded the impact is limited. The migration to new 
generation network equipment has resulted in an acceleration 
of depreciation charges for the assets to be replaced. KPN is 
also investing in its employees by facilitating suitable solutions to 
continue working from home.
112 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 113:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[3] Segment reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with 
the internal reporting to KPN’s CEO, who is the Chief Operating 
Decision-Maker according to IFRS 8 Operating Segments.
Comparative financial information for 2021 has been restated as 
several smaller units were transferred from the Consumer and 
Business segments to Network, Operations & IT (NOI) and Other. 
In addition, some limited expenses were reclassified between 
existing operating expense categories based on further review 
of their nature. The impact on the segment information was 
not material.
Almost all of KPN’s operating activities are in the Netherlands.
Operating segments
KPN’s operating segments comprise of Consumer, Business, 
Wholesale and Network, Operations & IT (NOI). For general 
information on these segments, read more in sections 
Shareholder value and Customer value.
Other
‘Other’ comprises KPN Holding, Corporate Center and 
eliminations. KPN accounts for its interest in Glaspoort within 
this segment.
Segment performance
As part of the simplification process, KPN has limited the 
intercompany charges to charges that are considered relevant for 
tax purposes.
The EBITDA AL of Consumer, Business and Wholesale represents 
the contribution margin of these segments and the EBITDA AL 
of NOI mostly consists of operating expenses. Due to the fact 
that KPN neither allocates interest expenses to segments nor 
accounts for taxes in the segments, the disclosure is limited to 
operating profit for the year.
Investments in property, plant and equipment, and intangible 
assets (Capex) are centrally managed and reported to KPN’s 
Chief Operating Decision-Maker at the KPN Group level, not at a 
segment level.
For an explanation of EBITDA, EBITDA AL and incidental 
transactions included in Revenues, Other income and EBITDA AL, 
see Appendix 2.
Segmentation 2022
€ million Notes Consumer Business Wholesale NOI
Other (incl. 
eliminations)
Total KPN 
Group
Statement of Profit or Loss
External revenues1 2,849 1,793 658 22 2 5,324
Other income [4.2] - 1 - 49 - 50
Inter-division revenues 8 5 32 1 -45 -
Total [4] 2,857 1,798 689 72 -43 5,374
Operating expenses -989 -942 -120 -582 -180 -2,814
EBITDA 1,868 857 569 -510 -223 2,560
DA&I -153 -58 -8 -1,061 -66 -1,346
Operating result 1,715 799 561 -1,571 -289 1,214
Share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures [12] - - - - 6 6
EBITDA 1,868 857 569 -510 -223 2,560
DA&I right-of-use assets [19] -12 -2 -1 -60 -56 -131
Interest lease liabilities [19] -1 - - -13 -4 -18
EBITDA after lease 1,854 855 568 -583 -282 2,411
Total assets2 4,368 2,862 623 9,254 -5,144 11,963
Total liabilities 4,366 2,740 624 9,264 -8,684 8,311
1 External revenues mainly consist of rendering of services
2 Total assets of Other includes the carrying value of Glaspoort (EUR 489m, see Note 12) and the deferred consideration related to Glaspoort (EUR 197m, see Note 13.1)
113 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 114:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Segmentation 2021 (restated)
€ million Notes Consumer Business Wholesale NOI
Other (incl. 
eliminations)
Total KPN 
Group
Statement of Profit or Loss
External revenues1 2,845 1,754 646 13 11 5,270
Other income [4.2] 1 1 - 20 830 852
Inter-division revenues 11 7 38 1 -57 -
Total [4] 2,857 1,762 684 34 785 6,122
Operating expenses -984 -941 -132 -582 -161 -2,800
EBITDA 1,873 821 553 -549 624 3,322
DA&I -176 -57 -8 -1,162 -57 -1,460
Operating result 1,697 764 545 -1,711 567 1,862
Share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures [12] - - - - -2 -2
EBITDA 1,873 821 553 -549 624 3,322
DA&I right-of-use assets [19] -12 -2 -1 -63 -45 -123
Interest lease liabilities [19] -1 - - -14 -5 -20
EBITDA after lease 1,860 818 552 -626 575 3,180
Total assets2 4,398 2,846 629 9,343 -4,480 12,737
Total liabilities 4,401 2,727 630 9,354 -7,605 9,507
1 External revenues mainly consist of rendering of services
2 Total assets of Other includes the carrying value of Glaspoort (EUR 503m, see Note 12) and the deferred consideration related to Glaspoort (EUR 218m, see Note 13.1)
114 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 115:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
[4] Revenues and Other income
[4.1] Revenues
€ million 2022 2021 
(Restated)
Service revenues 4,909 4,860
Non-service revenues 385 377
Revenues from contracts with customers 5,295 5,237
Rentals and other revenues 29 33
Revenues 5,324 5,270
Service revenues are all revenues recognized over time and 
includes fees for usage of KPN’s network and facilities, e.g. 
monthly subscription fees and revenues from customer-specific 
IT solutions.
Non-service revenues are revenues recognized at a point in time 
and includes, for example, sale of handsets, peripheral equipment 
as well as software licenses sold without ongoing support.
The application of KPN’s accounting policies on revenue 
recognition, including relevant judgments, and information about 
KPN’s performance obligations is summarized below:
Service revenues
• Exploitation services are considered a separate performance 
obligation. Revenue is recognized over time during the 
contract period.
• Network access is considered a separate performance 
obligation. Revenue is recognized over time during the 
subscription period. Content, e.g. TV content, is generally 
considered part of the network access performance obligation 
and revenue is recognized on a gross basis.
• Revenues for streaming services, which are contracted and 
billed to customers separately, are recognized on a net basis if 
KPN acts as an agent.
• One-off connection fees are not separate performance 
obligations as they are considered to be necessary to get 
access to the network. The fees charged to the customer 
are recognized as a contract liability and bundled with the 
performance obligation for network access.
• Transaction-related dealer fees paid to acquire or retain 
subscribers are capitalized as contract costs and expensed 
on a straight-line basis over the contract term of the underlying 
customer contract.
• Installation services offered to consumers are generally 
considered a separate performance obligation, as customers 
can choose to use an engineer for installation or to install the 
equipment themselves. Installation services that are treated 
as a separate performance obligation include installation of 
customer premises equipment (CPE), e.g. set-top boxes, setting 
up in-home WiFi, and installation of customers’ own devices. 
Revenue from installation services is allocated to the installation 
service at the start of the contract and recognized as revenue at 
a point in time (at completion of the installation). 
The difference between the amount of revenue recognized 
and the amount charged to the customer is recognized as a 
contract asset. Most CPE is considered part of KPN’s network. 
These hardware elements are capitalized as part of property, 
plant and equipment as KPN retains ownership and control 
over the economic benefits, and are therefore not considered a 
separate performance obligation nor an identified asset in terms 
of IFRS 16.
• Transition and transformation projects for establishing new 
services to large business customers (for example workspace 
management services) are considered separate performance 
obligations, as the customer can benefit from the project 
deliverables on their own. Revenue is recognized over 
time (percentage of completion during the project phase). 
The projects sometimes include the delivery of peripheral 
equipment and software licenses. These are not considered 
as separate performance obligations if KPN performs the 
installation and/or must provide ongoing support as part of the 
transition project. If not part of a transition project, revenue for 
peripheral equipment is recognized as revenue at a point in 
time (upon delivery of the equipment), whereas revenue for 
licenses with ongoing support is recognized over time (on a 
monthly basis).
• The Wholesale segment bills customers at (regulated) tariffs 
that may be disputed by other operators and regulators. A 
contract liability is recognized in case the invoiced revenue is 
not considered highly probable.
Non-service revenues
• Handset sales are a separate performance obligation and are 
recognized as revenue at a point in time (upon delivery of the 
handset equipment). The amount of revenue allocated to the 
handset less the amount charged to the customer upfront is 
recognized as a contract asset if the payment to be received 
for the handset is conditional on the delivery of telco services, 
and as a financial receivable if the payment to be received 
is unconditional.
115 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 116:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
• A handset sale combined with a postpaid subscription is treated 
as a consumer loan under the Dutch Financial Supervision 
Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, Wft) if the consumer 
customer repays the handset in monthly instalments and the 
credit amount is above EUR 250. These handset instalment 
payments are not conditional on the delivery of the telco 
services. Therefore, a financial receivable is recognized for the 
instalments to be received (see Note 14). These receivables do 
not include a significant financing component and are therefore 
measured at nominal value.
• The handsets sold and delivered by third parties, related to 
KPN subscription contracts, do not qualify as performance 
obligations for KPN. Handset-related dealer fees result in an 
unbilled receivable on the Statement of Financial Position, 
which is decreased when handset instalments are billed to 
the end-customer.
In 2021 and 2022, the time value of money was not significant and 
therefore not recorded.
Generally, the payment term is two weeks in the consumer market 
and 30 days in the business market.
KPN applies the practical expedients provided in IFRS 15 under 
which disclosure of amounts of consideration allocated to 
the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially 
satisfied) do not need to be disclosed. This applies to contracts 
with an original expected duration of less than one year or 
when KPN bills a fixed amount for network services provided. 
KPN recognizes revenue from network services in the amount 
to which KPN has a right to invoice the customer and this 
amount corresponds directly with the value of KPN’s performance 
completed to date.
Revenues, disaggregated per segment, including 
interdivision revenues
The disaggregation of the revenues per segment has been 
restated. Within the Business segment, EUR 137m service 
revenues that are related to core telco products have been 
restated from Tailored Solutions (large corporate customers with 
integrated solutions) to LCE (large corporate enterprises). Within 
the Consumer segment, EUR 8m revenues of a few services 
were restated from non-service revenues to service revenues (see 
Note 2).
€ million 2022 2021 
(Restated)
Fixed-Mobile service revenues 1,494 1,459
Fixed-only service revenues 758 782
Postpaid-only service revenues 246 241
Legacy/other service revenues 90 110
Consumer service revenues 2,588 2,592
Non-service revenues1 269 265
Total Consumer revenues 2,857 2,857
Access & connectivity2 555 517
IT services3 42 31
SME service revenues 596 548
Access & connectivity2 521 534
IT services & Other3 255 261
LCE service revenues 776 795
Access & connectivity2 73 67
IT services3 48 46
Service management 171 176
Tailored Solutions service revenues 292 289
Business service revenues 1,664 1,632
Non-service & other revenues1 133 130
Total Business revenues 1,797 1,762
Mobile service revenues 178 156
Broadband service revenues 296 293
Other service revenues4 214 233
Wholesale service revenues 688 681
Non-service revenues 1 2
Total Wholesale revenues 689 683
NOI and Other (incl. eliminations) -20 -32
Total 5,324 5,270
1 Non-service revenues includes the sale of handsets and peripheral equipment and in the 
business segment also the sale of software licenses
2 Service revenues for among others mobile, broadband & networking, fixed-voice and IoT
3 IT services includes cloud & workspace and cybersecurity
4 Service revenues for among others interconnect traffic, visitor roaming, digital products 
(messaging, content delivery) and NL-ix (interconnect exchange)
116 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 117:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Accounting policy: Revenues
The core principle is that revenue is recognized to depict the 
transfer of promised goods or services to the customer in an 
amount that reflects the consideration to which KPN expects to 
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Revenue 
is recognized when it is probable that the economic benefits 
associated with a transaction will flow to KPN and the amount of 
revenue and associated costs can be measured reliably.
KPN follows the five-step process of IFRS 15 to recognize 
revenue. After a contract with a customer has been entered 
into, the separate performance obligations are identified, which 
are the distinct goods and services promised to the customer 
(the customer can benefit from the goods or services either 
on their own or together with other resources that are readily 
available to the customer, and the transfer of goods or services 
to the customer are separately identifiable from other promises 
in the contract). The next steps are the determination of 
the transaction price and the allocation to the performance 
obligations. Allocation of the transaction price to performance 
obligations is based on standalone selling prices, which are 
based on our price lists and therefore readily available. The final 
step is to recognize revenue when a performance obligation is 
satisfied. Revenue is recognized either at a point in time or over 
time. In general, telco and IT services are delivered over time, 
whereas handsets and peripheral and network equipment, in 
case they are treated as separate performance obligations, are 
delivered at a point in time.
Revenue for variable considerations, including revenue under 
dispute, is recognized only when it is highly probable which, in 
some cases, requires significant judgment.
An adjustment for the time value of money is made to a 
transaction price for the effects of financing if time between 
recognition of revenue and cash receipt is expected to exceed 12 
months and if it provides the customer with a significant benefit.
If KPN transfers goods or services to a customer before the 
customer pays consideration or before payment is due, a 
contract asset is recognized in case the earned consideration is 
conditional. A financial receivable is recognized if KPN’s right to 
an amount of consideration is unconditional (only the passage 
of time is required before payment of the consideration is due).
KPN recognizes contract liabilities in the Statement of Financial 
Position for considerations received in respect of unsatisfied 
performance obligations. Contract liabilities are recognized as 
revenue when KPN performs under the contract.
At the start of a contract with a customer, in case services 
or goods are delivered by sub-contractors, KPN determines 
whether its performance obligation is to provide the specified 
goods or services itself (KPN acts as a principal) or to arrange 
for another party to provide those goods or services (KPN acts 
as an agent) based on the agreed terms and conditions with the 
customer and the sub-contractor, as well as the nature of the 
goods and services promised to the customer. When KPN acts 
as an agent, the revenue recognized is not the gross amount but 
the net amount that KPN is entitled to retain for its services as 
the agent.
Accounting policy: Costs to obtain and/or fulfill a contract
The incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer 
are recognized as an asset if KPN expects to recover those 
costs. Costs to obtain a contract that would have been incurred 
regardless of whether the contract was obtained are recognized 
as an expense when incurred, unless those costs are explicitly 
chargeable to the customer, regardless of whether the contract 
is obtained or not. Costs to fulfill a contract are recognized as an 
asset if:
• The costs relate directly to a contract; and
• The costs generate or enhance resources that will be used in 
satisfying performance obligations in the future; and
• The costs are expected to be recovered.
Capitalized contract costs are amortized on a linear basis 
over the period in which KPN transfers the related goods or 
services to the customer. KPN applies the practical expedient to 
immediately expense contract costs when the asset that would 
have resulted from capitalizing such costs would have been 
amortized within one year or less.
Assets recognized for costs to obtain a contract and costs to 
fulfill a contract are subject to impairment testing.
117 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 118:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[4.2] Other income
€ million 2022 2021
Other income 50 852
Other income in 2022 relates to the book gain on the sale of assets 
to Glaspoort B.V. (EUR 47m) and book gains on the sale of various 
fixed assets (EUR 3m).
Other income in 2021 relates to the book gain on the sale of the 
subsidiary Glaspoort B.V. (EUR 830m), see Note 21 for further 
information on the sale of subsidiaries, the book gain on the sale 
of assets to Glaspoort B.V. (EUR 15m), book gains on the sale of 
various fixed assets (EUR 5m) and adjustments to the book result 
on sale of subsidiaries in 2019 and 2020 (EUR 1m).
Accounting policy: Other income
Other income includes gains on the sale of property, plant and 
equipment, gains on the sale of subsidiaries as well as other 
gains not related to KPN’s operating activities.
[5] Personnel expenses
€ million 2022 2021 Restated
Salaries and wages 727 748
Retirement benefits 79 79
Social security contributions 92 84
Additional labor capacity 47 58
Own work capitalized -134 -116
Other -2 -8
Total personnel expenses 809 844
Employee redundancy costs are not included in personnel 
expenses but in other operating expenses (see Note 18).
Number of own personnel (FTE) 
per segment1
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Consumer 2,538 2,566
Business 2,638 2,694
Wholesale 222 213
NOI 3,090 3,232
Other 963 993
Total FTE 9,452 9,699
1 All employees were employed in the Netherlands
118 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 119:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Share plans
KPN has granted shares (equity-settled) and share-based 
awards (cash-settled) on its shares to members of the Board 
of Management and senior management. The conditionally 
granted awards will vest after three years if the employee is 
still employed by KPN. For awards granted until 2018, vesting 
is based on individual vesting of 25% relative total shareholder 
return (TSR) versus peer group, 25% free cash flow, 25% earnings 
per share, 12.5% on sustainability/environmental targets and 12.5% 
on stakeholder/customer targets. Vesting of non-financial targets 
is subject to achieving a cumulative net profit during the vesting 
period of three years (i.e. a qualifier for vesting). The peer 
group and the vesting schedule can be found under ‘Long-term 
incentives’ in the Remuneration Report.
As of 2019, the targets for the LTI plan are set as follows: 70% 
financial targets, of which 45% on cumulative free cash flow 
over the plan period and 25% on relative TSR measured against 
the STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications index and 30% 
non-financial targets, determined at the start of a new plan from 
the following categories: (i) Sustainability; (ii) Reputation; (iii) 
Social; (iv) Key business projects; and (v) Market share.
The main features of the awards granted to KPN management are 
summarized in the following table.
Board of Management Senior management Maximum term Settlement type1 Vesting period
Holding period after 
vesting of/until
2018 X X 5 years Equity2 3 years 2 years
X 3 years Cash 3 years –
2019 X X 6 years Equity2 3 years 3 years
X 3 years Cash 3 years –
2020 X 6 years Equity2 3 years 3 years
X 3 years Cash 3 years –
2021 X 6 years Equity2 3 years 3 years
X 3 years Cash 3 years –
2022 X 6 years Equity2 3 years 3 years
X 3 years Cash 3 years –
1 The cash-settled share awards will be settled in cash and no holding restrictions apply. An exception to the holding period for equity-settled plans is made with respect to shares that were sold upon 
vesting to cover the tax obligation on the vested shares. After vesting, the holder is able to sell a number of unconditional granted shares only up to the amount necessary to settle the wage taxes 
liability relating to the profit made on the stock compensation plan. Wage tax in the Netherlands is generally around 50% of the total vested amount
2 Including deferred dividend
The total compensation expense associated with the share plans 
was EUR 11m in 2022 (2021: EUR 8m). The related liability 
(for cash-settled shares) on 31 December 2022 was EUR 10m 
(31 December 2021: EUR 8m). This liability is included under Other 
payables. For the 2019 Share Plan and share-based awards, the 
service conditions were met in 2022. The intrinsic value at vesting 
was EUR 8m (2021: EUR 6m).
119 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 120:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
The following table presents the number of shares and share-
based awards in thousands under the share plans.
Total
31 Dec
2020
Granted/ 
additional 
vesting1
Exercised/ 
Vested Forfeited
Total
31 Dec
2021
Granted/ 
additional 
vesting2
Exercised/ 
Vested Forfeited3
Total
31 Dec
20224
-of 
which:
Non- 
vested
2018 Share-based awards Sr. man. 1,083 - -834 -249 -
2018 Shares BoM/Sr. man. 1,913 - -1,473 -440 -
2019 Share-based awards Sr. man. 2,022 - - -265 1,757 - -1,619 -139 - -
2019 Shares BoM/Sr. man. 1,137 - - -30 1,107 - -1,020 -87 - -
2020 Share-based awards Sr. man. 2,925 - - -167 2,758 - - -657 2,101 2,101
2020 Shares BoM 1,809 - - - 1,809 - - - 1,809 1,809
2021 Share-based awards Sr. man. - 2,033 - - 2,033 - - -354 1,679 1,679
2021 Shares BoM - 1,409 - - 1,409 - - - 1,409 1,409
2022 Share-based awards Sr. man. - 1,740 - -88 1,652 1,652
2022 Shares BoM - 1,157 - - 1,157 1,157
1 On the basis of a 100% grant. The equity-settled share numbers do not include any deferred dividend during the vesting period. The deferred dividend during the vesting period will be granted in 
additional shares
2 At grant date, the fair value is calculated using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. In April 2022 the fair value was EUR 3.26 (2021 grant: EUR 2.41) for the 2022 share-based award (cash-settled) and 
EUR 3.55 (2021 grant: EUR 2.70) for the 2022 equity-settled share grant for the Board of Management (excluding deferred dividend)
3 At the end of 2022, KPN held the 4th position with respect to the 2020 share grant and at the end of 2021, KPN held the 8th position with respect to the 2019 share grant. This position and the outcomes 
of the other targets will lead to 121% vesting in April 2023 of the 2020 share grant. Final TSR measurement for the 2019 share grant was conducted in February 2022, which resulted in 92.1% vesting 
in April 2022
4 The fair value of each cash-settled share-based award was measured on 31 December 2022 using recent strategic plans, forecasts and a Monte Carlo Simulation model, based on the most recent 
available share price of KPN and its performance compared with peer companies at the moment of valuation (i.e. closing share prices as at 31 December 2022). The fair value on 31 December 2022 
was EUR 4.67 (2021: EUR 2.23) for the 2020 share-based award, EUR 3.74 (2021: EUR 2.19) for the 2021 share-based award and EUR 3.68 for the 2022 share-based award
The fair value of each award at the grant date is determined using the following assumptions:
Assumptions 2022 LTI 2021 LTI
Risk-free interest rate based on euro government bonds for remaining time to maturity of 2.7 years 0.7% -0.5%
Expected dividend for KPN (based on one year’s historical daily data preceding the date of award) 4.7% 5.6%
Expected volatility (PSP grant based on 2.7 years’ historical daily data) used for TSR 26.3% 27.0%
Share price at date of award (closing at grant date) € 3.47 € 2.82
120 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 121:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
The following paragraphs detail the actual remuneration of the 
Board of Management. Please refer to the Remuneration Report 
for the executive pay policy.
Details of actual remuneration
The remuneration of the Board of Management, representing the 
costs incurred by the company measured under IFRS principles, 
is as follows:
Name current member Year Salary STI1 LTI2 Pension Cost3
Social security 
and
other
compensation4 Total
J.F.E. Farwerck 2022 879,375 716,568 1,108,118 219,036 30,022 2,953,119
2021 875,000 936,775 971,240 213,246 30,364 3,026,625
H.C. Figee 2022 678,375 368,493 528,456 116,895 37,160 1,729,379
2021 675,000 481,815 324,249 109,638 37,416 1,628,118
J.P.E. van Overbeke 2022 653,250 354,872 561,278 154,304 14,558 1,738,262
2021 650,000 463,944 526,584 152,525 14,814 1,807,867
M.W.M. Snoep 2022 653,250 354,872 550,466 126,138 29,814 1,714,540
2021 650,000 463,944 462,514 117,328 30,070 1,723,856
B. Fouladi 2022 653,250 354,872 561,278 126,214 12,645 1,708,259
2021 650,000 463,944 501,586 124,975 12,901 1,753,406
H. Garssen 2022 502,500 272,978 408,082 82,638 14,572 1,280,770
2021 500,000 356,880 300,294 81,984 14,828 1,253,986
Total current members 2022 4,020,000 2,422,655 3,717,678 825,225 138,771 11,124,329
2021 4,000,000 3,167,302 3,086,467 799,696 140,393 11,193,858
1 Actual STI relates to performance in the current year but paid out in the following financial year. Please see the ‘Short-term incentives’ section in the Remuneration Report for the actual pay-out levels 
per target
2 The amounts in the table represent the cost recognized for shares in 2022 and 2021 based on their fair values at grant date. The fair value of the share-based award is recorded as cost over the vesting 
period. Please see the ‘Long-term incentives’ section in the Remuneration Report for a further explanation
3 The pension costs include the costs for survivor’s pension, disability coverage, administration as well as the gross allowances. The fixed gross allowance (for the base pay part above EUR 114,866) 
in 2022 was, EUR 159,047 for Mr. Farwerck (2021: EUR 153,991), EUR 80,273 for Mr. Figee (2021: EUR 75,095), EUR 112,117 for Mr. Van Overbeke (2021: EUR 110,922), EUR 88,578 for Ms. Snoep (2021: 
EUR 81,622), EUR 88,495 for Mr. Fouladi (2021: EUR 87,758) and EUR 53,706 for Ms. Garssen (2021: EUR 53,411)
4 In addition to social security, the stated amounts include allowances that can be considered as indirect remuneration and relates to the value for the private use of the company car
See the Remuneration Report for the number of shares under the 
share plans per individual board member.
See the Insider Transactions section for stock ownership of 
members of the Board of Management and Supervisory Board.
Supervisory Board
Please see the Remuneration Report for the actual fee received by 
each member of the Supervisory Board. The total fee for 2022 is 
EUR 648,215 (2021: EUR 652,889).
Accounting policy: Share-based compensation
For equity-settled plans, the fair value of shares granted 
to employees is measured at grant date. For cash-settled 
plans, the fair value of the liability for the awards granted is 
remeasured at each reporting date and at settlement date.
The costs of share-based compensation plans are determined 
based on the fair value of the shares and the number of shares 
expected to vest. On each balance date, KPN determines 
whether it is necessary to revise the expectation of the 
number of shares that will vest. The fair value is recognized 
as personnel expense in profit or loss over the vesting period 
of the shares against an increase in equity in the case of 
equity-settled share-based compensation plans and against 
the recognition of a liability in the case of cash-settled 
share-based compensation plans.
121 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 122:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[6] Other operating expenses
Other operating expenses comprise, among others, a net addition 
to the restructuring provision (see Note 18).
Auditor’s fees
The fees listed below relate to the services provided to KPN and 
its consolidated group entities by Ernst & Young Accountants 
LLP, as well as by other Dutch and foreign-based EY individual 
partnerships and legal entities, including their tax services and 
advisory groups:
€ million 2022 2021
Financial statements audit fees 3.8 3.9
Other assurance fees 0.8 0.9
Total audit fees, charged by Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP 4.7 4.7
Tax fees - 0.2
Total 4.7 5.0
The financial statements audit fees include the fees for 
professional services rendered for the audit of KPN’s annual 
financial statements and the annual statutory financial 
statements of subsidiaries or services that are normally provided 
by the auditor in connection with the audits.
The other assurance fees include the fees incurred for 
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to 
the performance of the audit or review of KPN’s Financial 
Statements, such as revenue and IT-related assurance services 
and regulatory-related assurance services.
Accounting policy: Operating expenses
Operating expenses are divided into direct cost (cost of goods 
and services) and indirect cost (IT/TI, personnel expenses and 
other operating expenses).
Cost of goods and services are costs incurred in the context 
of a sales transaction and include subscriber acquisition 
and retention costs and traffic expenses. These costs are 
expensed as incurred, except handset fees paid to dealers and 
transaction-related dealer commissions that are capitalized 
and amortized over the contract term. The cost of a handset 
is expensed when the handset is sold (as incurred), both 
as an individual sale or as a component of a transaction in 
combination with a subscription.
Information technology (IT) expenses relate to KPN’s IT 
environment and include licenses and maintenance expenses 
for software and/or IT hardware when not directly related to 
a sales transaction. Technical infrastructure (TI) expenses are 
expenses related to KPN’s fixed and mobile networks.
Personnel expenses are all expenses related to KPN’s 
workforce, both related to own employees and external 
personnel from employment agencies.
Other operating expenses include expenses related to 
marketing and communication, billing and collection, housing 
and facilities.
122 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 123:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[7] Financial income and expenses
€ million Notes 2022 2021
Finance income 8 -
Interest on borrowings -192 -192
Interest expense lease liability [19] -18 -20
Interest on other provisions -1 -3
Other interest expenses -3 -8
Finance costs -213 -223
Hedge ineffectiveness 10 -
Amortizable part of hedge reserve -15 -15
Amortization discontinued fair value hedges 18 22
Derivative financial instruments not qualified 
for hedge accounting [13.3] -11 -17
Exchange rate differences 3 5
Fair value loss on contingent cash 
receivable Glaspoort [13.1 -16 -2
Other -12 -4
Other financial results -22 -11
Total -227 -234
Finance income in 2022 was EUR 8m (2021: EUR 0m), mainly due 
to interest income on the contingent cash receivable related to 
Glaspoort, partly offset by negative interest on cash balances.
Finance costs decreased by EUR 10m, which was mainly related 
to lower other interest expenses. Lower interest cost related to 
debt redemptions were largely offset by higher interest rates on 
floating rate debt. Interest on borrowings included a non-cash 
amount of EUR 6m (2021: EUR 6m) relating to debt issuance and 
similar costs, which are amortized over the remaining life of the 
respective bonds using the effective interest rate method.
Other financial results increased by EUR 11m (higher net cost), 
mainly due to a EUR 16m fair value loss on the contingent cash 
receivable related to Glaspoort (2021: EUR 2m loss), EUR 9m costs 
in 2022 related to the tender of the USD hybrid bond (included in 
Other), EUR 4m lower gains from amortization of discontinued fair 
value hedges and EUR 2m lower exchange rate gains, partly offset 
by EUR 10m gain on hedge ineffectiveness (2021: EUR 0m) and 
EUR 6m lower fair value loss on derivative financial instruments 
not qualified for hedge accounting due to maturing swaps.
[8] Taxation
The Netherlands
The book loss, which is recognized as a result of the sale of E-Plus 
in 2014 (see schedule net DTA book loss sale of E-Plus), was used 
to offset KPN’s taxable income in the Netherlands in 2014 up to 
and including 2022, and will be used to offset a significant part 
of KPN’s taxable income in the Netherlands in the coming years. 
KPN's unrealized losses as per 2021 are realized in 2022. Due to the 
realization in 2022, the current tax expense in 2022 is significantly 
lower compared to 2021. 
KPN has an agreement with the Dutch tax authorities with respect 
to the application of the Dutch innovation box tax regime. This 
is a facility under Dutch corporate income tax law where profits 
attributable to innovation are taxed at an effective rate of 9.0% 
(2021: 9.0%). The application of the innovation box resulted in a 
benefit of EUR 29m over 2022 (2021: EUR 40m). The higher iBox 
benefit in 2021 is a result of the bookgain related to the realization 
of the Glaspoort joint venture.
In 2021, the realization of the joint venture (Glaspoort) with APG 
triggered a taxable event, which has been discussed and agreed 
with the Dutch tax authorities (see Note 21). Also, the extension 
of the fiber roll-out between KPN, APG and Glaspoort, will follow 
the same principles for tax purposes as the initial transaction (see 
Note 12).
Germany
At the end of 2022, the German Tax Authorities finalized their tax 
audit of the remaining/former E-Plus companies. The overall net 
impact is zero. As all relevant tax years have been audited, KPN 
will now proceed to dissolve the respective legal entities.
See Note 21 for the impact of the acquisitions, which are 
separately liable for income taxes, and disposals of subsidiaries 
and business units.
Income tax expense
€ million 2022 2021
Current tax 9 -292
Deferred taxes -236 -52
Income tax (charge)/benefit from 
continuing operations -227 -344
The reconciliation from the Dutch statutory tax of 25.8% (2021: 
25%) to the effective tax rate (ETR) of 23.0% (2021: 21.1%) is 
explained in the following table.
123 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 124:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
2022 2021 - restated
€ million ETR € million ETR
Profit before income tax from continuing operations excluding
associates and joint ventures 987 1,628
Taxes at Dutch statutory tax rates -255 25.8% -407 25.0%
Dutch tax rate adjustment - 0.0% 14 -0.8%
Not taxable income, non deductible expenses and liquidation losses -2 0.2% 1 -0.1%
Innovation tax facilities current year 29 -2.9% 40 -2.4%
Deferred tax related to prior years - 0.0% 7 -0.4%
Deferred tax related to current year -3 0.3% 4 -0.2%
Tax benefit perpetual EUR instrument 6 -0.6% 3 -0.1%
Other -1 0.1% -5 0.3%
Income tax benefit/(charge) from continuing operations -227 23.0% -344 21.1%
Changes in Dutch tax rates resulted in a benefit of EUR 14m in 
2021 due to the valuation of our net deferred tax assets, while 
the tax exemption of the result on disposal of subsidiaries and 
business units resulted in a tax loss of EUR 2m in 2022 (2021: 
EUR 1m benefit). Furthermore, in 2021, a one-time tax benefit of 
EUR 7m has been claimed due to an update of tax calculations on 
real estate and lease property depreciation that relate to deferred 
tax positions reported in prior years.
Deferred tax positions
Deferred tax assets
€ million
Tax loss & 
other 
carry 
forwards1
Unrealized 
liquidation
losses2
Bonds &
hedges3
Restriction 
on 
depreciation4
Fiscal 
goodwill5
Lease 
Liabilities6 Other
Offset 
against 
deferred 
tax 
liabilities Total7
Balance at 31 December 2020 81 501 64 94 4 206 61 -446 567
Income statement benefit/(charge) -8 - -4 -20 -5 -16 28 33 7
Transfer to current tax -73 - - 1 - - - - -72
Tax charged to OCI - - -10 - - - - - -10
Tax rate changes8 - 16 2 6 1 11 - -22 14
Balance at 31 December 2021 - 517 52 81 - 201 89 -435 506
Income statement benefit/(charge) - - - -13 - 11 -18 6 -14
Transfer to current tax -225 - - - - - 3 - -222
Tax charged to OCI - - -13 - - - - 3 -10
Tax rate changes - - - - - - - - -
Other 517 -517 - - - - 7 -7 -
Balance at 31 December 2022 293 - 39 68 - 212 82 -433 261
1 Net offsettable losses expected to be recovered within the foreseeable future. KPN has a history of recent profits
2 Unrealized losses will become available for offset against taxable profits as from 2022. The offset is unlimited in time
3 Amounts relate to capitalized costs for tax purposes, derivative positions adjusted for tax purposes and unrealized FX results included in the hedge reserve
4 Amounts relate to assets depreciated in 5 years for tax purposes and less than 5 years for book purposes
5 Amounts relate to goodwill depreciated for tax purposes (originated from internal transfers)
6 For leases, KPN separately recognizes both deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, based on the underlying temporary difference
7 Of which EUR 90m to be recovered within 12 months (2022: EUR 230m). Recoverability depending on future taxable results. Based on current projections, KPN expects to fully utilize its losses within 
the foreseeable future
8 Representing the impact of the Dutch corporate tax rate change of which a net benefit of EUR 1m has been added to OCI in 2021
124 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 125:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Net DTA book loss on the sale of E-Plus
€ million Net DTA Realized Unrealized Offset by DTL Net Loss
Balance at 31 December 2020 547 46 501 - 2,188
Movement 2021 -30 -46 16 - -184
Balance at 31 December 2021 517 - 517 - 2,004
Movement 2022 -224 293 -517 - -870
Balance at 31 December 2022 293 293 - - 1,134
Deferred tax liabilities
€ million
Software 
development1
Goodwill 
depreciation2 PPA3
Right of use 
assets4 Other
Offset against 
deferred tax 
assets Total
Balance at 31 December 2020 100 102 44 189 11 -446 -
Income statement benefit/(charge) -24 10 -7 -14 2 33 -
Tax rate changes 7 4 1 10 - -22 -
Balance at 31 December 2021 83 116 38 185 13 -435 -
Income statement benefit/(charge) -10 1 -8 10 1 6 -
Tax charged to OCI - - - - -3 3 -
Tax rate changes - - - - - - -
Other - - 9 - - -7 2
Balance at 31 December 2022 73 117 39 195 11 -433 2
1 Amounts relate to capitalized software costs which are taken as expenses for tax books
2 Amounts relate to acquired goodwill depreciated for tax purposes (not for book purposes)
3 See Note 21 for the impact of the acquisitions. This amount also includes the reclass from DTA PPA (Other)
4 For leases, KPN separately recognizes both deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, based on the underlying temporary difference
Tax loss carry forward
31 December 2022 31 December 2021 - restated
€ million
Tax loss carry 
forward
Maximum 
deferred tax 
asset
Recognized 
deferred tax 
asset
Tax loss carry 
forward
Maximum 
deferred tax 
asset
Recognized 
deferred tax 
asset
Koninklijke KPN – corporate tax1 1,134 293 293 - - -
Other 1042 22 - 723 15 -
Total KPN Group 1,238 315 293 72 15 -
1 The offset of realized losses with future profits is unlimited as from 2021. Furthermore, we refer to "Tax and regulations" in this integrated report on changes regarding the use of losses as from 2022.
Note: the losses (loss E-Plus) are available as from 2022
2 Losses relating to foreign jurisdictions that are not expected to materialize in foreseeable future
3 Losses relating to foreign jurisdictions that are not expected to materialize in foreseeable future. 2021 is restated for the UK as these (non-valued) losses are not available for loss carry forward
125 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 126:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Expiration of the available tax loss carry forward and recognized tax assets
31 December 2022 31 December 2021 - restated
€ million
Tax loss carry 
forward
Maximum
deferred
tax asset
Recognized
deferred
tax asset
Tax loss carry 
forward
Maximum
deferred
tax asset
Recognized
deferred
tax asset
2023 - - - - - -
2024 - - - - - -
2025 - - - - - -
2026 4 1 - 3 1 -
Later 57 12 - 54 11 -
Unlimited 1,177 302 293 15 3 -
Total 1,238 315 293 72 15 -
Accounting policy: Taxation
Current income tax
The current income tax charge is calculated in accordance 
with the prevailing tax regulations and rates, taking into 
account non-taxable income and non-deductible expenses. The 
current income tax expense reflects the amount for the current 
reporting period that KPN expects to recover from or pay to the 
tax authorities. Income tax related to items recognized directly 
in equity/OCI is recorded in equity/OCI and not in profit or loss, 
with an exception for (hybrid) financial instruments classified 
as equity.
KPN’s management periodically evaluates positions taken in 
the tax returns regarding situations in which uncertainty on a 
tax position exists over whether the relevant taxation authority 
will accept the tax treatment under law. These uncertain tax 
positions (‘UTP’) will be recognized if the amount can be reliably 
estimated and when the chance of a cash outflow is estimated 
as probable. When these criteria are not met, these positions 
are classified as contingent liabilities, unless the cash outflow is 
considered remote.
126 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 127:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Deferred income tax
Deferred income tax positions are recognized for temporary 
differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities 
and their carrying values. DTAs are recognized for deductible 
temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits, 
and any unused tax losses. DTAs are recognized only to 
the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will 
be available against which the temporary differences can 
be utilized. Both the recognized and unrecognized DTAs 
are reassessed on each reporting date based on available 
projections. If future taxable profits are insufficiently available, 
derecognition may become inevitable unless certain exceptions 
can be applied. DTAs are recorded for deductible temporary 
differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and 
associates. They are recorded only to the extent that it is 
probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the 
foreseeable future, and taxable profit will be available against 
which the temporary differences can be utilized.
DTLs are recognized for all taxable temporary differences 
except when they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill 
or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business 
combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither 
the profit or loss reported in the Statement of Profit or Loss 
nor the taxable profit or loss. Also, no DTLs are recorded for 
taxable temporary differences associated with investments in 
subsidiaries and associates when the timing of the reversal of 
the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable 
that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable 
future. Deferred tax positions are stated at nominal value and 
are measured at the corporate income tax rates KPN expects to 
be applicable in the year when the asset is realized or liability is 
settled based on enacted or substantially enacted tax laws.
If a tax provision is recognized for a UTP that relates to deferred 
taxes, the UTP will be netted against these deferred taxes. DTAs 
and DTLs are netted if there is a legally enforceable right to 
offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the 
DTAs/DTLs relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation 
authority on the same taxable entity or if, in the case of different 
taxable entities, there is an intention either to settle current 
tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the assets 
and settle the liabilities simultaneously in each future period in 
which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are 
expected to be settled or recovered.
127 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 128:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[9] Earnings per share
The following table shows the income and share data used in the 
calculations of the basic and diluted EPS.
€ million 2022 2021
Profit for the year from continuing operations 766 1,283
Profit for the year from discontinued operations -5 5
Profit for the year 761 1,288
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests - -
Deduction for perpetual capital securities -18 -10
Adjusted profit (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders of the company 743 1,278
Weighted average number of subscribed ordinary shares 4,080,828,686 4,178,961,845
Dilution effects: non-vested shares 5,615,541 4,363,596
Weighted average number of subscribed ordinary shares including dilution effects 4,086,444,227 4,183,325,441
Earnings per ordinary share after taxes attributable to equity 
holders of the company for the year:
€ 2022 2021
Basic (continuing operations) 0.18 0.30
Diluted (continuing operations) 0.18 0.30
Basic (discontinued operations) - -
Diluted (discontinued operations) - -
Basic (total, including discontinued operations) 0.18 0.31
Diluted (total, including discontinued operations) 0.18 0.31
Diluted earnings per share are calculated by adjusting the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to 
assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
Non-vested shares are regarded to have potential dilutive effects 
on the ordinary shares.
Coupons and carrying amount adjustments on the perpetual 
capital securities were deducted from the profit attributable to 
equity holders, since the perpetual hybrid bonds represent equity 
but do not constitute profit attributable to ordinary shareholders.
The total basic earnings per share include EUR 0.06 (2021: 
EUR 0.08) tax expenses.
128 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 129:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
[10] Property, plant and equipment
Statement of changes in property, plant and equipment
€ million Land and buildings
Plant and 
equipment
Other tangible non-
current assets
Assets under 
construction Total
Balance at 1 January 2021 405 4,863 38 116 5,422
Investments1 44 937 13 3 997
Depreciation -46 -872 -15 - -933
Impairments and retirements - -8 - -1 -10
Other -2 -9 -2 - -13
Closing net book value 401 4,912 34 118 5,463
Cost 1,569 9,756 79 118 11,521
Accumulated depreciation/impairments -1,168 -4,845 -45 - -6,058
Balance at 31 December 2021 401 4,912 34 118 5,463
Investments 25 881 3 32 942
Depreciation -44 -767 -12 - -823
Impairments and retirements -2 -8 - -2 -12
Other -2 - - - -2
Closing net book value 377 5,018 24 148 5,568
Cost 1,580 9,280 56 148 11,064
Accumulated depreciation/impairments -1,202 -4,262 -32 - -5,496
Balance at 31 December 2022 377 5,018 24 148 5,568
1 Investments in Plant and equipment include the acquisitions of fiber networks not qualifying as a business under IFRS 3 of EUR 17m
Estimated useful lives of the principal PPE categories
PPE category Depreciation period
Land No depreciation
Buildings 14-33 years
Network equipment 3-7 years
Fiber network infrastructure 30 years
Copper network infrastructure 5-10 years
Office equipment 4-10 years
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed at least 
annually and adjusted if appropriate.
KPN's strategy includes, among others, accelerating the roll-out of 
fiber, which affects the depreciation period of all new investments 
in copper infrastructure. As of 1 January 2019, depreciations of 
these investments were capped at 10 years.
In early 2020, KPN announced its plans to phase out its copper 
network after three years starting in early 2023 for existing 
addresses where fiber service delivery is available as per early 
2020, and for the addresses in every then already announced fiber 
roll-out project under construction. Together with the current 
fiber roll-out these overlay addresses receive an announcement 
that copper will be phased out after three years. The depreciation 
of this part of the copper network was accelerated for an 
additional amount of EUR 18m in 2022 (2021: EUR 17m).
As of 1 October 2022, the depreciation period of switching 
equipment (IP routers) was revised from four to seven years. 
The impact on the depreciation expenses in 2022 was EUR -7m 
(expected impact 2023 is estimated at around EUR -27m).
129 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 130:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Accounting policy: PPE
PPE are valued at cost less depreciation and impairment. The 
cost include direct costs (materials, direct labor and work 
contracted out) and directly attributable overhead costs.
Asset retirement obligations are capitalized as part of the cost of 
tangible fixed assets and expensed as either depreciation over 
the assets’ estimated useful life or as impairment charges.
PPE are depreciated using the straight-line method, based on 
estimated useful life, taking into account residual value. Land 
is not depreciated. PPE are reviewed for impairment whenever 
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the book value 
of the assets concerned may not be recoverable. An impairment 
loss is recognized for the amount by which the assets’ book 
value exceeds its recoverable amount.
Impairments are reversed if and to the extent that the 
impairment no longer exists. The recoverable amount is defined 
as the higher of an assets’ fair value less costs of disposal and its 
value in use.
Interest is capitalized as an increase in PPE if the construction 
of assets takes a substantial period of time and the amount 
is material.
[11] Intangible assets
Statement of changes in intangible assets with finite lives and goodwill
€ million Goodwill
Customer 
relationships
Software
acquired
from third 
parties
Software
internally
generated
Software
in 
development Licenses Other Total
Balance at 1 January 2021 1,496 175 100 305 27 1,132 3 3,238
Investments - - 31 182 9 - 4 226
Changes in consolidation1 -64 - - - - - - -64
Amortization - -26 -61 -199 - -100 -1 -387
Impairments - - -1 -6 - - - -8
Reclassifications - -1 -1 1 - - 1 -
Closing net book value 1,432 148 69 283 35 1,032 7 3,006
Cost 2,089 326 177 650 35 1,779 17 5,074
Accumulated 
amortization/impairments
-657 -178 -108 -367 - -747 -11 -2,068
Balance at 31 December 2021 1,432 148 69 283 35 1,032 7 3,006
Investments 7 - 20 192 29 - - 247
Changes in consolidation2 - 9 - - - - - 9
Amortization - -25 -45 -189 - -100 -1 -361
Impairments - -4 -1 -7 -8 - - -19
Reclassifications - - 2 -1 1 - - 2
Closing net book value 1,439 127 45 278 57 932 5 2,884
Cost 2,096 335 136 604 57 1,779 17 5,025
Accumulated 
amortization/impairments
-657 -207 -92 -326 - -847 -12 -2,141
Balance at 31 December 2022 1,439 127 45 278 57 932 5 2,884
1 The change in consolidation of EUR 64m relates to the sale of Glaspoort B.V. (see Note 21)
2 The change in consolidation of EUR 9m relates to the new customer base of Itzos B.V.
130 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 131:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Goodwill per CGU
€ million
31 December
2022
31 December
2021
Consumer 743 743
Business1 661 654
Wholesale 35 35
Total 1,439 1,432
1 Increase of EUR 7m relates to Itzos B.V.
Goodwill impairment tests
In accordance with IAS 36, KPN assesses goodwill for impairment 
at the end of each year and when a triggering event occurs. The 
annual impairment tests as at 31 December 2022 did not indicate 
that the book value of KPN’s goodwill is not recoverable. KPN’s 
market capitalization on 31 December 2022 was higher than the 
book value of its equity. A test was performed of the recoverable 
amount of the book value of each cash-generating unit (CGU), 
based on their value-in-use, which was determined by using the 
discounted cash flow method.
Key assumptions used in the cash flow projections are estimated 
EBITDA, Capex, change in working capital and pre-tax weighted 
average cost of capital (WACC). The cash flow projections are 
management’s best estimate based on the updated strategic 
plan and extrapolation to terminal values. Housing and facilities 
expenses, which includes energy costs, are expected to increase 
by around 50% in 2023 and 10% in 2024. After 2024, energy costs 
are expected to normalize. The WACC is calculated using a capital 
asset pricing model. The terminal growth rate for the period after 
10 years is updated consistently in line with the changes in the 
discount rate. In 2022, the WACC and the terminal growth rate 
were higher compared to 2021.
For all three CGUs, the annual impairment tests in 2022 and 2021 
resulted in significant positive headroom as at 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021.
Key assumptions in goodwill impairment tests
CGU
EBITDA
margin
Capex
intensity
Discount
rate
Terminal 
sales 
growth1
Consumer 2022 49% – 51% 24% – 28% 7% – 8% 0.5%
Consumer 2021 53% – 56% 25% – 30% 6% – 7% -0.6%
Business 2022 31% – 32% 14% – 16% 7% – 8% 0.5%
Business 2021 30% – 33% 14% – 16% 6% – 7% -0.6%
Wholesale 2022 67% – 73% 34% – 37% 7% – 8% 0.5%
Wholesale 2021 69% – 75% 35% – 39% 6% – 7% -0.6%
1 Estimates after 10 years
The sensitivity analyses on the impairment test, resulting from 
a change in the key assumptions, showed that the headroom of 
the CGUs is more than sufficient. The analyses were performed 
for each key assumption separately. For example, a 1% higher 
discount rate, a 20% higher Capex, a 1% lower terminal growth rate 
or a 20% lower EBITDA in each of the CGUs would not lead to a 
goodwill impairment.
131 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 132:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Accounting policy: Goodwill and intangibles with 
finite lives
The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value 
of the identifiable net assets acquired in a business combination 
is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries 
is included in intangible assets. Goodwill on acquisition of 
associates is included in investments in associates. Goodwill 
is allocated to CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing. 
The allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that 
are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business 
combination. Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated 
impairment losses and tested for impairment annually or 
whenever there is an indication that goodwill may be impaired. 
Goodwill is impaired if the recoverable amount is lower than the 
book value. The recoverable amount is defined as the higher of 
the fair value less costs of disposal and the value in use of the 
CGU concerned. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed 
in the event that circumstances that triggered the impairment 
have changed.
Licenses and software are valued at cost less amortization and 
impairment. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line 
method over the economic useful life and commences at the 
date that services can be offered (available for use). Internally 
developed and acquired software which is not an integral 
part of PPE, is capitalized on the basis of the costs incurred, 
which includes direct costs and directly attributable overhead 
costs incurred.
Other intangible assets, such as customer relationships and 
trade names acquired in business combinations, are capitalized 
at their fair values at acquisition date and are amortized using 
the straight-line method over the economic useful life.
Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events 
or changes in circumstances indicate that the book value of the 
asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized 
for the amount by which the book value of the licenses exceeds 
its recoverable amount. Impairments are reversed if and to the 
extent that the impairment no longer exists. Intangible assets 
not yet available for use are tested annually for impairment or 
whenever KPN has an indication that the intangible fixed assets 
may be impaired. For example, licenses are tested as part of a 
CGU as licenses do not generate independent cash flows.
The amortization periods of the intangible assets with finite lives 
are 5-20 years for licenses, 3-5 years for software and 4-20 years 
for other intangible assets.
[12] Equity investments accounted for using the 
equity method
KPN holds several equity investments accounted for using the 
equity method of which Glaspoort (see below) is the most 
significant. Other equity investments are not material, individually 
nor in aggregate. Their combined carrying value at 31 December 
2022 is EUR 7m (31 December 2021: EUR 8m) and KPN's share in 
their net result amounted to a loss of EUR -1m in 2022 (2021: nil).
Joint venture Glaspoort
Glaspoort is a network company, pursuing an open-access 
wholesale strategy based on non-discriminatory terms, fostering 
competition and innovation in the Netherlands. See Note 21 for 
more information on the sale of 50% of the shares of Glaspoort B.V. 
in 2021.
Glaspoort is classified as a joint venture based on the assessment 
of ownership and voting power (50/50 with the joint venture 
partner) and the joint control established through the joint 
venture agreement between the shareholders. The assessment 
includes, among others, the following:
• KPN's option to purchase one additional share in Glaspoort. This 
option is exercisable between the 5th and the 8th anniversary of 
the transaction (9 June 2021) provided certain criteria are met, 
and in any case after the 8th anniversary.
• KPN's influence on Glaspoort's relevant activities through KPN's 
presence in the governance structure.
• KPN is anchor tenant on Glaspoort's network and will also be 
one of its suppliers through a number of operational contracts 
between KPN and Glaspoort.
The assessment whether joint control remains in place is 
reviewed annually.
KPN accounts for its interest in Glaspoort using the equity method 
in the Consolidated Financial Statements. KPN initially recognized 
its interest in the joint venture at its fair value (EUR 451m), based 
on the total consideration received (see Note 21). The initial 
fair value has been allocated to equity of Glaspoort, determined 
under application of KPN's accounting policies, and goodwill. In 
determining equity, intangible assets of EUR 878m have been 
recognized in the initial balance sheet of Glaspoort, which mostly 
relate to contractual relationships held by Glaspoort, with - 
among others - KPN. The sale of the additional scope projects 
to Glaspoort in December 2021 (refer below), which is treated as 
a sale of assets, has been used as an input to determine the fair 
132 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 133:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
value of the intangible assets. The intangible assets are amortized 
over a period of 30 years.
In December 2021, KPN, Drepana and Glaspoort signed an 
agreement to extend the scope of the fiber roll-out of Glaspoort. 
KPN will receive EUR 170m (pre-tax) for the sale of the 
additional scope from Glaspoort. Of this amount, EUR 60m 
has been received in cash upon closing of the transaction in 
2021. The remaining amount (EUR 110m) will be received in 
annual installments based on progress of the roll-out. Upon 
start of the roll-out activities of the additional scope projects by 
Glaspoort, KPN deems its obligations regarding the realization 
of the additional scope projects fulfilled. Until such time, KPN 
recognizes the amount received as contract liability. Upon start 
of the roll-out activities by Glaspoort, KPN recognizes the related 
deferred consideration as receivable (contract asset), releases the 
related prepayment (from contract liabilities) and recognized 50% 
of the agreed consideration as other income. The remaining 50% 
is recognized over time as part of the result from joint ventures 
following the requirements of IAS 28 on downstream transactions.
At 31 December 2022, projects with a transaction value of 
EUR 124m have started (31 December 2021: EUR 30m). During 
2022, KPN recognized EUR 47m in other income related to the 
sale of these additional scope projects (2021: EUR 15m). As at 
31 December 2022, the deferred gain of EUR 59m is included in the 
net book value of the joint venture (31 December 2021: EUR 15m). 
The deferred consideration to be received for these projects is 
EUR 80m at 31 December 2022, of which EUR 51m is considered 
current (31 December 2021: EUR 20m, fully non-current). Of 
the prepayment received from Glaspoort at transaction date, 
EUR 16m remains as current contract liability (31 December 2021: 
EUR 49m).
On the closing date of the initial transaction (9 June 2021), both 
shareholders paid a share premium contribution of EUR 39m 
to Glaspoort's equity. In December 2021, both shareholders 
contributed an additional share premium of EUR 30m as part of 
the scope extension. During 2022, both shareholders contributed 
additional share premiums of EUR 24m each. KPN added the 
share premium payments to the carrying value of KPN's interest 
in the joint venture.
Summarized financial information of the joint venture, based 
on IFRS as applied by KPN, and reconciliation with the 
carrying amount of the investment in the consolidated financial 
statements, is set out below:
Summarized statement of financial position of Glaspoort B.V.
€ million
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Tangible fixed assets 217 77
Intangible assets 989 908
Other non-current assets 43 11
Current assets 24 90
Net cash and cash equivalents 19 28
Non-current liabilities -158 -99
Current liabilities -67 -11
Equity 1,067 1,004
KPN's share in equity 533 502
Goodwill from initial valuation at fair value 15 15
Carrying amount of the investment 
Equity Method
548 517
Less: Deferred gain on downstream transactions -59 -15
Carrying amount of the investment 489 503
Summarized statement of profit or loss of Glaspoort B.V.
€ million 2022 2021
Revenue 16 2
Operating expenses -7 -6
Depreciation, amortization & impairment expenses -16 -1
Net finance result 27 -
Profit before tax 19 -5
Income tax expense -5 2
Profit for the year 14 -3
Total comprehensive income for the year 14 -3
KPN's share of profit for the year 7 -2
Adjustment PY -1 -
Release deferred gain on downstream transactions 
(net of tax)
2 -
KPN's total reported result from JV GP 8 -2
Both shareholders have committed to additional share premium 
contributions. On 31 December 2022, the remaining maximum 
commitment of each shareholder is EUR 163m, payable to 
Glaspoort based on funding requirements following its annual 
budget (31 December 2021; EUR 187m). Neither shareholder has 
additional funding obligations regarding Glaspoort. Glaspoort 
has entered into funding agreements with financial institutions 
to cover its financial commitments, which include its fiber roll-
out activities. These funding agreements have been entered 
into on a non-recourse basis without any guarantees from 
the shareholders.
133 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 134:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
For information on transactions between Glaspoort and KPN and 
unsettled positions between Glaspoort and KPN, see Note 23. 
Glaspoort cannot distribute its profits without the consent from 
the two joint venture partners and not before 2026. After 2026, 
Glaspoort can distribute dividends only if specific criteria are met.
Accounting policy: Equity investments accounted for using 
the equity method
Equity investments accounted for using the equity method 
include associates and joint ventures.
Associates are entities over which KPN has significant influence. 
Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial 
and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control 
or joint control over those policies. A joint venture is a type of 
joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control 
of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint 
venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of 
control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions 
about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent 
of the parties sharing control. The considerations made in 
determining significant influence or joint control are similar to 
those necessary to determine control over subsidiaries.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted 
for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the 
investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially 
recognized at cost. The carrying amount of the investment 
is adjusted to recognize changes in KPN’s share of net assets 
of the associate or joint venture since the acquisition date. 
Goodwill relating to the associate or joint venture is included 
in the carrying amount of the investment and is not tested for 
impairment separately.
The statement of profit or loss reflects KPN’s share of the results 
of operations of the associate or joint venture. Any change in OCI 
of those investees is presented as part of KPN’s OCI. In addition, 
when there has been a change recognized directly in the equity 
of the associate or joint venture, KPN recognizes its share of 
any change, when applicable, in the statement of changes in 
equity. Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions 
between KPN and the associate or joint venture are eliminated 
to the extent of the interest in the associate or joint venture 
through KPN's share of the profit (or loss) of associates and 
joint ventures.
The aggregate of KPN’s share of profit or loss of an associate and 
a joint venture is shown in the statement of profit or loss.
The financial statements of the associate or joint venture 
are prepared for the same reporting period as KPN. When 
necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting 
policies in line with those of KPN.
After application of the equity method, KPN determines 
whether it is necessary to recognize an impairment loss on 
its investment in its associate or joint venture. At each reporting 
date, KPN determines whether there is objective evidence that 
the investment in the associate or joint venture is impaired. 
If there is such evidence, KPN calculates the amount of 
impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount 
of the associate or joint venture and its carrying value, and then 
recognizes the loss within ‘share of profit/loss (-) of associates 
and joint ventures’ in the statement of profit or loss.
Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint 
control over the joint venture, the Group measures and 
recognizes any retained investment at its fair value. Any 
difference between the carrying amount of the associate or 
joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control, 
and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from 
disposal, is recognized in profit or loss.
134 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 135:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[13] Financial assets and financial liabilities
Summary of the financial assets and liabilities at carrying amount and fair value, classified per category
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
€ million Notes Carrying amount Fair value Carrying amount Fair value
Financial assets at FVPL
Contingent cash receivable regarding sale Glaspoort [13.1] 197 197 218 218
Other current financial assets [13.1] 100 100 300 300
Derivatives [13.3] 148 148 212 212
Cash and cash equivalents, including classified as held 
for sale [15] 399 399 793 793
Financial assets at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables1 [14.1] 455 455 641 641
Financial assets at FVOCI
Financial receivables handsets [14.1] 158 158 - -
Equity investments [13.1] 76 76 49 49
Total financial assets 1,534 1,534 2,213 2,213
Financial liabilities FVPL
Derivatives [13.3] 366 366 64 64
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Borrowings [13.2] 5,368 5,203 6,744 7,223
Lease liabilities [19] 923 923 873 873
Trade and other payables2 [20] 955 955 973 973
Total financial liabilities 7,612 7,447 8,654 9,132
1 Excluding prepayments and in 2022 the financial receivables handsets measured at FVOCI
2 Excluding social security and other taxes payable
Fair value measurement hierarchy at 31 December 2022
€ million Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets at FVPL
Contingent cash receivable regarding sale Glaspoort - - 197 197
Derivatives (cross-currency interest rate swap) - 123 - 123
Derivatives (interest rate swap) and other - 25 - 25
Financial assets at FVOCI
Financial receivables handsets - - 158 158
Equity investments:
Unlisted securities - - 76 76
Total assets - 148 431 579
Financial liabilities at FVPL
Derivatives (cross-currency interest rate swap) - 100 - 100
Derivatives (interest rate swap) - 266 - 266
Total liabilities - 366 - 366
135 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 136:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Fair value measurement hierarchy at 31 December 2021
€ million Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets at FVPL
Other financial asset at fair value through profit or loss - - 218 218
Derivatives (cross-currency interest rate swap) - 117 - 117
Derivatives (interest rate swap) and other - 95 - 95
Financial assets at FVOCI
Equity investments:
Unlisted securities - - 49 49
Total assets - 212 267 479
Financial liabilities at FVPL
Derivatives (cross-currency interest rate swap) - 47 - 47
Derivatives (interest rate swap) - 17 - 17
Total liabilities - 64 - 64
Fair value estimation
Level 1: Fair value of instruments traded in active markets and 
based on quoted market prices. 
Level 2: Instrument is not traded in an active market and fair value 
is determined by using valuation techniques based on maximum 
use of observable market data for all significant inputs. 
Level 3: One or more of the significant inputs is not based on 
observable market data; the fair value is estimated using models 
and other valuation methods. The valuation of available-for-sale 
unlisted securities is based on a discounted cash flow model.
Accounting policy: Financial assets
Financial assets are classified at initial recognition.
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition 
depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow 
characteristics and KPN’s business model for managing them.
KPN initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the 
case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, 
transaction costs.
For the purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets 
are classified into four categories:
• Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments);
• Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (OCI) with recycling of cumulative gains and losses 
(debt instruments);
• Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no 
recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon derecognition 
(equity instruments);
• Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
[13.1] Financial assets
Other financial asset at fair value through profit or loss
Upon sale in 2021 of the 50% interest in Glaspoort B.V. to Drepana 
Investments Holding B.V. (see Note 21), KPN received a cash 
consideration upon deal close of EUR 233m and a contingent cash 
receivable of EUR 234m. The contingent cash receivable, to be 
received in annual installments based on the roll-out progress 
of Glaspoort, is classified as a financial asset measured at fair 
value through profit or loss. The contingent cash receivable was 
initially valued at EUR 218m. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying 
value is EUR 197m (2021: EUR 218m), of which EUR 28m is current 
(2021: EUR 14m). In 2022, the book value increased with interest 
income of EUR 8m (2021: EUR 3m) and decreased with EUR 16m 
(2021: EUR 2m) due to a fair value adjustment and EUR 14m 
(2021: EUR 0m) due to received deferred payment. The fair value 
adjustment was recognized as a loss in other financial results.
Based on Glaspoort's current roll-out plan, KPN expects the final 
payment in 2027. The fair value of this contingent receivable is 
deemed equal to the net present value of the full amount of the 
installments to be received using the expected roll-out schedule 
as included in Glaspoort's initial business plan. A weighted 
average discount rate of 5.68% has been used based on the 
following elements:
• A base-rate using mid-swap rates to account for the time value 
of money, plus
136 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 137:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
• A credit spread mark-up to account for the risk of non-payment 
based on AA-rated credit curves resulting in a weighted average 
spread of ~0.1% over a 5-year tenor, plus
• A mark-up to reflect the roll-out risk (mostly the risk of delay).
Equity investments measured at fair value through OCI
This includes several minority stakes of KPN Ventures. In 2022, 
additional investments for an amount of EUR 26m were acquired 
(2021: EUR 7m) and EUR 9m investments were sold (2021: nil).
These investments were irrevocably designated at fair value 
through OCI because KPN believes that the fluctuations in the 
fair value of these investments do not give a fair view of KPN’s 
performance. In 2022, fair value net gains of EUR 10m were 
recognized (2021: EUR 5m).
The fair value of the equity investments of KPN Ventures is 
based, where applicable, on the price of the last fundraising 
round of the equity investment, investment valuations or the bid 
made in mergers and acquisitions transactions. The investment 
valuations take into account forward-looking estimates and 
judgments about the underlying business, market conditions 
and other factors.
Other current financial assets
Other current financial assets include investments in short-term 
money market funds of EUR 100m (2021: EUR 300m), which 
are held at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL). These funds 
have a low volatility, with an investment objective of preservation 
of principal.
[13.2] Financial liabilities
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
€ million Carrying amount Fair value Carrying amount Fair value
Senior eurobonds EUR 2,678 2,509 3,638 3,667
Senior eurobonds GBP 1,401 1,408 1,478 1,762
Senior global bonds USD 641 628 620 751
Subordinated hybrid bonds classified as liability 136 136 529 558
Other borrowings 511 521 480 484
Total borrowings 5,368 5,203 6,744 7,223
> of which: current 196 196 677 681
> of which: non-current 5,171 5,007 6,067 6,542
The fair value for eurobonds, global bonds and hybrid bonds is 
based on the listed price of the bonds. Other borrowings include 
commercial paper, cash collateral received on derivatives, bank 
overdrafts and other loans.
KPN’s weighted average interest rate on total outstanding 
borrowings on 31 December 2022 was 3.6% after swaps (2021: 
2.9%). KPN’s weighted average interest rate on senior debt on 
31 December 2022 was 3.5% after swaps (2021: 2.7%).
Senior bonds
million Nominal Carrying amount € Nominal after swap € Number of bonds
Senior eurobonds EUR 2,981 2,678 2,981 5
Senior eurobonds GBP 1,250 1,401 1,452 2
Senior global bonds USD 595 641 450 1
KPN has an unlimited Global Medium-Term Notes program which 
is used to meet medium- to long-term funding requirements. 
As at 31 December 2022, the total amounts outstanding under 
this program were EUR 2,981m across five bonds (carrying value 
EUR 2,678m) and GBP 1,250m across two bonds (carrying value 
EUR 1,401m, swapped to EUR 1,452m nominal). In addition, KPN 
has a senior global bond with USD 595m outstanding (carrying 
value EUR 641m, swapped to EUR 450m nominal) which was 
issued under standalone documentation.
On 1 March 2022, KPN redeemed the 4.25% EUR 616m senior bond 
in line with its scheduled maturity. No new senior bonds have been 
issued during the year.
137 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 138:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Hybrid bonds
million Nominal Nominal € Coupon Classification
Final 
maturity
First reset 
date Swapped Credit rating1
USD hybrid bond 146 113 7,000% Liability 28 Mar 2073 28 Mar 2023 Fixed 6.37% BB+/BB+/Ba2
EUR perpetual hybrid bond 500 500 2,000% Equity Perpetual 8 Feb 2025 N/a BB+/BB+/Ba2
EUR perpetual hybrid bond 500 500 6,000% Equity Perpetual 21 Dec 20272 N/a BB+/BB+/N.a.
1 Credit rating by S&P/Fitch resp. Moody's
2 These hybrid bonds are first callable in the three months period before their respective first reset dates
As at 31 December 2022, three hybrid bonds are outstanding 
with an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 1,113m after swaps. 
The USD 146m hybrid bond (carrying value EUR 136m, swapped 
to EUR 113m nominal) is included in borrowings, while the 
EUR 1,000m perpetual hybrid bonds are classified as equity. Both 
EUR hybrid bonds are subordinated debt instruments and are 
treated for 50% as equity and 50% as debt in KPN’s gross and net 
debt definitions.
On 21 September 2022, KPN issued a new 6% EUR 500m 
perpetual Green Hybrid Bond under KPN’s Green Finance 
Framework. With the proceeds, KPN will finance or refinance 
projects with positive environmental impact in three areas: (i) 
energy efficiency (network transformation including roll-out of 
fiber and modernization of KPN’s mobile network), (ii) circular 
economy (investments that extend product life and reduce waste) 
and (iii) clean transportation (reducing emissions by shifting to 
electric vehicles). KPN has committed, on a best effort basis, to 
allocate an amount at least equal to the net proceeds of this 
instrument to finance investments and expenditures in the above 
areas within 36 months of issuance (with a maximum look-back 
period of 24 months for all expenditures). This hybrid bond can, at 
KPN’s discretion, be redeemed at any time between 21 September 
2027 and 21 December 2027, and annually on 21 December 
thereafter at par. The ratings for the green hybrid bond are BB+ 
by S&P and BB+ by Fitch. The rating agencies recognize 50% of 
the hybrid bond as equity in line with the existing hybrid bonds. 
The green hybrid bond has been listed on Euronext Dublin GEM.
On 21 September 2022, KPN tendered the 7% USD 600m hybrid 
bond and repurchased USD 454m notional amount, with USD 
146m remaining outstanding after the tender offer. The hybrid 
bond had been swapped to a principal amount of EUR 465m 
and KPN effectively retired EUR 352m notional amount. The 
remaining EUR 113m notional amount after swaps can be called in 
March 2023.
KPN may, at its discretion and subject to certain conditions, elect 
to defer payments of interest on the hybrid bonds. Arrears of 
interest must be paid if dividends are paid on ordinary shares, 
if payments are made on other hybrid bonds, in the event of 
early redemption, and for the USD hybrid bonds at final maturity. 
KPN does not recognize accruals for coupon payments on the 
EUR perpetual hybrid bonds of EUR 40m per annum. If an accrual 
had been recognized, the amount would have been EUR 10m on 
31 December 2022.
Other borrowings
KPN has a Euro-Commercial Paper Program under which KPN can 
issue short-term debt instruments for up to EUR 1 billion. As at 
31 December 2022, the outstanding balance of commercial paper 
amounted to EUR 60m (2021: EUR 60m), issued at an average 
interest rate of 2.01%.
KPN has a EUR 300m credit facility from the European Investment 
Bank, which was fully drawn at year-end 2022 and 2021. This loan 
has a floating interest rate referenced to 3-month Euribor and a 
single repayment on 2 August 2027. The interest for the current 
interest period was fixed at 2.64% per annum.
As at 31 December 2022, other borrowings furthermore 
included EUR 103m of collateral received as security under 
derivative financial instruments and EUR 50m borrowings under 
private placements.
Accounting policy: Borrowings
After initial recognition, loans and borrowings that are not part 
of a fair value hedge, are subsequently carried at amortized 
cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction 
costs) and the redemption value is recognized in the P&L 
over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest 
method. The amortized cost is calculated by taking into 
account any discounts or premiums on acquisition or issuance 
and transaction costs. The effective interest rate amortization 
is recognized in the P&L as finance costs.
138 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 139:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
€ million Borrowings
Derivative 
financial instruments Net liability Lease liabilities
Net liability, 
including lease 
liabilities
Balance at 1 January 2021 6,500 -6 6,494 937 7,432
Exchange differences 177 -178 -2 - -2
Movements recorded as net cash flows 
arising from/used in financing activities:
Repayments of borrowings and settlement of 
derivatives and repayments of lease liabilities1 -613 - -613 -135 -748
Issued bonds & loans2 689 - 689 - 689
Fair value adjustments -67 36 -31 - -31
Other movements3 59 - 59 70 130
Balance at 31 December 2021 6,744 -148 6,596 873 7,469
Exchange differences 20 -23 -2 - -2
Movements recorded as net cash flows 
arising from/used in financing activities:
Repayments of borrowings and settlement of 
derivatives and repayments of lease liabilities1 -1,075 80 -995 -124 -1,119
Issued bonds & loans - - - - -
Fair value adjustments -359 309 -50 - -50
Other movements3 37 - 37 174 211
Balance at 31 December 2022 5,368 218 5,586 923 6,509
1 In the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, this line item includes a net receipt of EUR 14m in 2022 (2021: EUR 115m) regarding cash collateral on derivatives and energy contracts (presented as 
non-current other receivables). The interest component of the lease payments is presented within cash flow from operating activities
2 Includes net proceeds from commercial paper of EUR 60m
3 Other movements of borrowings in 2022 includes receipts of EUR 32m (2021: EUR 55m) of cash collateral on derivatives and energy contracts. Other movements of the derivative financial instruments 
are predominantly movements in the interest part of cash flow hedges. Other movements of the lease liabilities include interest, additions of new contracts, remeasurements and modifications (see 
Note 19)
[13.3] Hedging activities and derivatives
KPN uses derivatives solely for the purpose of hedging 
underlying exposures. The primary risks managed using 
derivative instruments are foreign currency risk and interest 
rate risk.
€ million 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Assets (current and non-current) 148 212
Liabilities (current and non-current) -366 -64
Total derivatives -218 148
of which: designated in a 
hedge relationship -233 122
of which: other derivatives not 
designated in a hedge relationship 15 26
A total gain of EUR 10m due to hedge ineffectiveness was 
recognized in the P&L in 2022 (2021: EUR 0m). This was mainly 
due to differences in the valuation of hedging instruments 
and hedged items due to credit risk and valuation curves in 
combination with the cumulative change of the fair value of the 
hedging instrument becoming greater than the change in the fair 
value of the hedged item. Note that all hedges continue to be 
highly effective prospectively.
Derivatives positions are reported on a gross basis and include 
a credit value adjustment attributable to derivative counterparty 
default risk. As at 31 December 2022, this lowered the net liability 
by EUR 9m (2021: net effect of EUR 0m). The increase in the 
credit value adjustment was primarily driven by the increased 
mark-to-market value of interest rate swaps as a result of 
significantly higher interest rates. Part of the derivatives portfolio 
is subject to master netting agreements that allow netting under 
certain circumstances.
If netting had been applied, the total derivatives asset position 
would be EUR 52m and the total derivatives liability position 
would be EUR 270m as at 31 December 2022 (2021: EUR 155m and 
EUR 6m respectively).
139 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 140:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Derivatives designated in a hedge relationship
Cash flow hedges
Bonds denominated in foreign currencies are hedged with cross-
currency swaps. The currency exposure is hedged by effectively 
fixing the countervalue in the foreign currency to EUR and by 
hedging the interest rate exposure by swapping the fixed interest 
rates in foreign currency to fixed interest rates in EUR. There is 
an economic relationship between the hedged items and hedging 
instruments as the terms of the cross-currency swaps match the 
terms of the bonds. KPN has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for 
the hedging relationships as the quantity of hedged items equals 
the notional amount of the cross-currency swaps. The hedges are 
until maturity of the underlying senior bonds or until the first call 
date in the case of the USD hybrid bond. For these hedges, KPN 
meets the criteria of, and also applies, cash flow hedge accounting. 
The effectiveness of the hedges is determined at inception and on 
a quarterly basis. To test the hedge effectiveness, KPN uses the 
hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes in the 
fair value of the hedging instruments against the changes in the 
fair value of the hedged items attributable to the hedged risks. If 
the cumulative change in fair value of the hedging instrument and 
hedged item are not equal in absolute terms, the difference will 
be reported in the P&L to the extent that, in absolute terms, the 
fair value change of the hedging instrument is greater than the 
fair value change of the hedged item. Hedge ineffectiveness can 
arise from:
• Different curves linked to hedged items and 
hedging instruments
• The counterparties’ credit risk differently impacting the fair 
value movement of the hedging instruments and hedged items
• Changes in the terms of the hedged item or hedge instrument
Overview of the cross-currency swaps at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021
Nominal (receive) Coupon (receive) Nominal (pay) 
(EUR m) Coupon (pay) Maturity date Fair value 
2022 (EUR m)
Fair value 
2021 (EUR m)
USD 600m 7.000% semi-annual 465 6.344% semi-annual 28-3-2023 - 66
USD 143m 7.000% semi-annual 111 6.359% semi-annual 28-3-2023 23 -
GBP 400m 5.000% annual 480 4.138% (2021: 
4.424%) annual 18-11-2026 -38 -16
GBP 850m 5.750% annual 971 5.432% annual 17-9-2029 -62 -18
USD 595m 8.375% semi-annual 450 8.517% semi-annual 1-10-2030 100 38
Total 23 70
Impact of the cash flow hedges on the Statement of Financial Position
€ million Notional amount Carrying amount
Line item in Statement of 
Financial Position
Change in fair value used for 
measuring ineffectiveness for 
the period
As at 31 December 2022
Cross-currency swaps GBP 1,452 -100 Derivatives -66
Cross-currency swaps USD 561 123 Derivatives 127
Total 2,013 23 61
As at 31 December 2021
Cross-currency swaps GBP 1,445 -34 Derivatives 97
Cross-currency swaps USD 915 104 Derivatives 108
Total 2,361 70 205
The change in fair value of the associated hedged items attributable to the hedged risks resulted in an ineffectiveness loss in 2022 of 
EUR 1m (2021: EUR 1m gain).
140 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 141:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Effect of the cash flow hedge in the P&L and OCI
€ million
Total hedging 
gain/(loss) 
recognized in 
OCI
Ineffectiveness 
recognized as a 
gain/(loss) in 
P&L Line item in P&L
Amount reclassified 
from OCI as a gain/ 
(loss) in P&L Line item in P&L
Year ended 31 December 2022
Cross-currency swaps GBP 68 1 Other financial results -78 Other financial results
Cross-currency swaps USD -129 -2 Other financial results 101 Other financial results
Total -62 -1 23
Year ended 31 December 2021
Cross-currency swaps GBP -96 2 Other financial results 97 Other financial results
Cross-currency swaps USD -108 - Other financial results 81 Other financial results
Total -204 1 178
Fair value hedges
The 0.625% fixed-rate eurobond maturing on 9 April 2025 has 
also been swapped to a floating rate using fixed-to-floating 
interest rate swaps, where KPN receives a fixed rate of 0.920% and 
pays interest at a variable rate equal to six-month Euribor (fixed 
in arrears).
The 1.125% fixed-rate eurobond maturing on 11 September 2028 
has been swapped to a floating rate using fixed-to-floating 
interest rate swaps, where KPN receives a fixed rate of 0.907% and 
pays interest at a variable rate equal to six-month Euribor.
In 2022, the 0.875% fixed rate Eurobond maturing on 15 November 
2033 was also swapped to a floating rate using fixed-to-floating 
interest rate swaps, whereby KPN receives a fixed rate of 0.799% 
and pays interest at a variable rate equal to six-month Euribor 
(fixed in arrears). The swaps are used to hedge the exposure to 
changes in the fair value of these fixed rate eurobonds against 
changes in the EUR interest curve.
There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and 
the hedging instrument, as the terms of the interest rate swaps 
match the terms of the fixed-rate bonds (i.e. notional amount, 
maturity and payment dates). KPN has established a hedge ratio 
of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the quantity of hedged 
item equals the notional amount of the hedging instrument. For 
these hedges, KPN meets the criteria of, and also applies, hedge 
accounting. If the cumulative change in the fair value of the 
hedging instrument and hedged item are not equal in absolute 
terms, the difference will be recorded in the P&L. The hedge 
ineffectiveness can arise from:
• Different curves linked to the hedged items and 
hedging instruments
• The counterparties’ credit risk differently impacting the fair 
value movement of the hedging instruments and hedged items
• Changes in the terms of the hedge item or hedge instrument
Impact of the fair value hedges on the Statement of Financial Position
€ million Notional amount Carrying amount
Line item in Statement of 
Financial Position
Change in fair value 
used for measuring 
ineffectiveness for 
the period
As at 31 December 2022
Interest rate swaps 1,950 -256 Derivatives -331
As at 31 December 2021
Interest rate swaps 1,250 52 Derivatives -47
141 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 142:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Impact of the hedged items on the Statement of Financial Position
€ million Carrying amount
Change in fair 
value adjustments
Line item in Statement of 
Financial Position
Change in fair value 
used for measuring 
ineffectiveness for 
the period
As at 31 December 2022
Fixed-rate eurobonds 2025, 2028 & 2033 1,643 308 Borrowings 341
As at 31 December 2021
Fixed-rate eurobonds 2025 & 2028 1,308 47 Borrowings 45
The ineffectiveness recognized in the P&L for the year ended 
31 December 2022 was a gain of EUR 11m (2021: EUR 1m loss).
Derivatives not designated in a hedge relationship
In 2011, fixed-rate eurobonds with maturities on 30 September 
2024 were swapped to a floating interest rate using fixed-to-
floating interest rate swaps. Subsequently, in May 2015, KPN 
swapped the floating rate exposure on these bonds to a fixed 
rate for the remaining maturity of these bonds and discontinued 
fair value hedge accounting for the fixed-to-floating interest rate 
swaps. As a result, the cumulative gain until de-designation, which 
amounted to EUR 224m, is amortized to earnings until maturity 
of the associated bonds. This is offset by the change in fair 
value of the outstanding interest rate swaps. The amortization 
recognized in earnings for 2022 was a gain of EUR 7m (2021: 
EUR 11m) and the remaining balance of the unamortized gain 
was EUR 12m at 31 December 2022 (2021: EUR 19m). The fair 
value of the outstanding interest rate swaps was EUR 15m as at 
December 2022 (2021: EUR 26m) and the change in fair value 
of these swaps resulted in a P&L loss of EUR 11m in 2022 (2021: 
EUR 17m loss). The net interest income of these swaps was an 
additional loss of EUR 15m (2021: EUR 16m gain), which results in 
net earnings (including amortization and change in fair value) in 
2022 of EUR 19m negative (2021: EUR 10m positive).
Accounting policy: Derivatives and 
hedging activities
Derivatives are recognized at fair value. Gains and losses arising 
from changes in fair value are recognized as finance cost/income 
during the period in which they arise to the extent that the 
derivatives have no hedging designation or they are ineffective.
KPN applies IFRS 9 hedge accounting. Derivatives related to 
loans are designated as either cash flow or fair value hedges.
Offsetting effects are recognized in the P&L.
The hedge documentation includes identification of the 
hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk 
being hedged and how KPN will assess whether the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements 
(including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness 
and how the hedge ratio is determined).
A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets 
all of the following effectiveness requirements:
• There is ‘an economic relationship’ between the hedged item 
and the hedging instrument;
• The effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value changes’ 
that result from that economic relationship; and
• The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as 
that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that KPN 
actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument 
that KPN actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
Changes in the fair value of an effective derivative, which is 
designated as a fair value hedge, along with the gain or loss 
on the hedged item that is attributable to the hedged risk, 
are recorded in the P&L as finance cost/ income. Changes in 
the fair value of an effective derivative, which is designated as 
a cash flow hedge, are recorded in OCI for the effective part, 
until the P&L is affected by the variability in cash flows of the 
designated hedged item. The ineffective part of the cash flow 
hedge is recognized as finance cost/income. If an underlying 
transaction has ceased to be an effective hedge or in case 
of early redemption of the hedged item, hedge accounting 
is discontinued prospectively which means that subsequent 
changes in fair value are recognized in the P&L as finance 
cost/income and the cumulative amount recorded in OCI is 
released in the P&L.
142 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 143:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[13.4] Financial risk management and policies
Financing policy
KPN strives for the right balance between investments in the 
business, shareholder remuneration and a prudent financing 
policy. It is KPN's policy to utilize excess cash for operational and 
financial flexibility and/or shareholder remuneration.
The net debt/EBITDA AL ratio is one of the drivers for KPN’s credit 
rating. It is based on the nominal value of borrowings and takes 
50% equity credit on hybrid bonds into account. KPN remains 
committed to an investment-grade credit profile and aims for a 
net debt/EBITDA AL ratio of below 2.5x in the medium term.
The difference between the carrying value and nominal value 
of borrowings includes: (1) carrying value adjustments resulting 
from fair value hedges; (2) in case of foreign currency bonds, the 
difference between the nominal amount at the prevailing spot rate 
and the swapped nominal amount in EUR; and (3) amortized debt 
issuance costs.
€ million 31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Borrowings 5,368 6,744
Perpetual hybrid bonds 1,000 500
50% equity credit for hybrid bonds -500 -483
Less: Cash collateral paid on derivatives -75 -56
Difference between carrying value and 
nominal value 141 -305
Adjusted gross debt 5,935 6,400
Net cash and cash equivalents 399 793
Short-term investments 100 300
Net debt1 5,435 5,307
Adjusted EBITDA AL 2,404 2,347
Net debt/EBITDA AL 2.3x 2.3x
1 Excluding lease liabilities
Financial risk management
KPN is exposed to a variety of financial risks. The overall risk 
management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial 
markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on KPN’s 
financial position and performance.
Derivatives are used to hedge certain risk exposures (see 
Note 13.3).
KPN’s key financial risks are:
• Credit and counterparty risk
• Liquidity risk
• Market risk
KPN’s Treasury department manages the financial risks according 
to policies approved by the Board of Management and 
Supervisory Board. These policies are established to identify 
and analyze financial risks, set appropriate risk limits and controls, 
and monitor adherence to those limits.
The COVID-19 crisis, geopolitical tensions (including the war 
in Ukraine) and the impact of inflation, rising energy and raw 
material prices, have led to increased volatility in capital markets 
and periods of deteriorated market liquidity. In addition, the 
reversal of central banks' monetary policies led to a significant 
increase in (expected) interest rate levels. KPN’s Treasury 
department monitored the situation closely and the impact 
on KPN’s liquidity position, sources of financing and financial 
counterparties remained within acceptable risk limits. KPN did not 
suffer any material impact on its liquidity reserves and its ability to 
raise financing remained very strong, albeit at higher cost levels.
Credit and counterparty risk
Credit risk arises from the possibility of asset impairment 
occurring when counterparties are unable to meet their 
obligations in transactions involving financial instruments. KPN’s 
counterparty policy sets limits for the maximum exposure 
per counterparty, which are primarily based on credit ratings, 
investment periods and collateral. The minimum counterparty 
credit rating (Moody’s equivalent) is Baa2 for cash balances and 
Baa1 for entering into new derivative transactions. Cash balances 
used for working capital purposes can also reside at banks with 
lower credit ratings. Capital preservation is KPN’s main priority 
when investing excess cash.
As at 31 December 2022, KPN’s cash balances and short-term 
investments were held in bank accounts, bank deposits and 
money market funds with maturities of up to three months. The 
majority of cash balances were invested with counterparties with 
a credit rating equivalent to A3 at Moody’s or higher, and the 
counterparties of outstanding derivatives have a credit rating 
equivalent to Baa1 or higher with Moody’s.
KPN mitigates credit risk on bank counterparties arising from 
derivative financial instruments through collateral support 
agreements, which results in cash being paid or received as 
security. This cash collateral is released when derivatives are 
settled and/or mature. In 2022, the net cash collateral movement 
was EUR 14m receipt (2021: EUR 115m). As at 31 December 
2022, KPN held net cash collateral (liability) of EUR 28m (2021: 
EUR 14m).
Credit risk on trade receivables is controlled using restrictive 
policies for customer acceptance. Credit management is focused 
on mobile services. Before accepting certain new customers in this 
segment, the creditworthiness of prospective clients is checked. 
In addition, KPN keeps track of the payment performance of 
143 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 144:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
customers. If customers fail to meet set criteria, payment issues 
must be resolved before a new transaction will be entered into.
KPN’s policy is to provide financial guarantees only to wholly-
owned subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2022, KPN had parent 
guarantees and bank guarantees outstanding to third parties for 
various wholly-owned Dutch subsidiaries. The carrying amount of 
financial assets, including cash, and contract assets represents the 
maximum credit exposure, which amounts to EUR 1,643m as at 
31 December 2022 (2021: EUR 2,265m). On 31 December 2022, the 
total outstanding bank guarantees amounted to EUR 6m (2021: 
EUR 6m), which were issued in the ordinary course of business.
See schedule of the allowances for expected losses in Note 14 for 
information about credit losses on trade and other receivables. 
There were no other credit losses.
Maturity analysis of the financial liabilities based on the remaining contractual maturities on 31 December 2022
Borrowings Derivatives
€ million Bonds and 
loans
Interest on 
bonds and 
loans
Lease 
liabilities 
(undiscounted)
Other debt 
and cash 
collateral
Derivatives 
inflow 
(including 
interest)
Derivatives 
outflow 
(including 
interest)
Trade and 
other 
payables1
Total
2023 1962 1873 178 36 -308 288 903 1,481
2024 431 181 139 -4 -166 170 - 752
2025 625 157 129 - -141 156 - 925
2026 451 153 122 - -587 619 - 758
2027 300 128 93 - -113 119 - 527
2028 and further 3,491 330 399 - -1,806 1,766 - 4,181
Contractual cash flows 5,495 1,136 1,060 32 -3,121 3,118 903 8,623
1 Excluding accrued interest and social security and other taxes payable
2 Includes the USD hybrid bond with final maturity in 2073 but which will be called in March 2023 (redemption value of EUR 113m)
3 Interest payments on the USD hybrid bond are included
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that KPN will not be able to meet its 
financial obligations associated with financial instruments as they 
become due. KPN’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure 
sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both 
normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable 
losses or risking damage. Some of the derivatives contain reset 
clauses or collateral postings at pre-agreed dates, in order to 
mitigate counterparty exposure during the life of the swap. These 
reset clauses will result in early euro settlement obligations in cash 
with the swap counterparty, which could lead to additional cash 
inflows or outflows before maturity. In order to reduce liquidity 
risks, the reset clauses or collateral postings are spread over 
different points in time.
During 2022, KPN received net collateral of EUR 14m (2021: 
EUR 115m) according to pre-agreed settlement schedules.
Available financing resources
In addition to the available cash and cash equivalents, short-
term investments and cash flows from operations, KPN has the 
following committed financing resources available:
Revolving credit facility
KPN has a sustainability-linked revolving credit facility for 
EUR 1.0 billion provided by twelve relationship banks, originally 
signed in August 2021. The facility can be used for general 
corporate purposes and does not contain any financial covenants. 
In August 2022, all banks agreed to a one year extension, which 
extends the maturity of the revolving credit facility to 4 August 
2027. The facility contains another one-year extension option 
which can be exercised in August 2023 and which could extend 
the maturity to August 2028. The facility has a mechanism to 
adjust the margin based on KPN’s performance on predefined 
sustainability targets on the roll-out of fiber, reduction in KPN’s 
energy consumption and reduction of carbon emissions in the 
supply chain. The facility was undrawn as at 31 December 2022 
resp. 31 December 2021.
Capital resources covenants
KPN’s existing capital resources contain the following covenants 
as at 31 December 2022, which could trigger additional financial 
obligations or early redemption of the outstanding indebtedness. 
All senior bonds issued after 1 January 2006 (EUR 4.4bn 
outstanding as at 31 December 2022) contain a change of 
control clause. KPN may be required to early redeem if certain 
changes of control occur and within this change of control period 
(maximum of 90 days) a rating downgrade to sub-investment 
144 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 145:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
grade occurs. The hybrid bonds also contain a change of control 
clause by means of which KPN has the possibility to repurchase 
the hybrid bonds at par. A 5% interest step-up applies if a rating 
downgrade occurs during the change of control period in respect 
of that change of control. In addition, many of KPN’s capital 
resources contain a covenant prohibiting KPN from entering into 
any amalgamation, demerger, merger, corporate restructuring or 
reorganization, unless prior written consent has been given by a 
majority of the lenders or bondholders or the resulting company 
assumes all of the rights and obligations with respect to the loans 
or bonds.
Market risk
KPN is exposed to various kinds of market risks in the ordinary 
course of business. These risks include foreign currency exchange 
rate risk and interest rate risk.
Foreign currency exchange rate risk
Foreign currency risks mainly result from settlement of 
international telecommunications traffic and purchase of assets 
and primarily consist of GBP and USD exposure. Foreign 
currency exchange rate risks related to bonds that are not 
denominated in EUR are hedged into EUR in line with KPN’s 
hedging policies. Group companies and business operations are 
obliged to hedge their firm commitments and highly predictable 
anticipated transactions in non-functional currencies by forward 
exchange contracts.
Accordingly, KPN’s Treasury department matches and manages 
the intercompany and external exposures using forward 
exchange contracts. No hedge accounting is applied for these 
hedge instruments.
As at 31 December 2022, more than 95% (2021: 98%) of cash and 
cash equivalents was denominated in the functional currency of 
the related entities. More than 99% of the net amount of trade 
receivables and more than 95% of the amount of trade payables 
was outstanding in the functional currency of the related entities 
as at 31 December 2022 (2021: more than 99% resp. 93%).
Interest rate risk and interest rate profile
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash 
flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes 
in market interest rates. Borrowings, derivatives, cash and cash 
equivalents are subject to interest rate risk. With regard to interest 
rate risk exposure, KPN periodically evaluates the desired mix of 
fixed and floating interest rate liabilities, balancing the benefit of 
lower interest costs vs. the variability of cash flows. Any interest 
rate risk exposure longer than one year is considered to be 
fixed. KPN may use derivative financial instruments to adjust the 
desired interest rate risk exposure.
As at 31 December 2022, 64% of KPN’s interest-bearing gross debt 
(after swaps, excluding bank overdrafts) was at fixed interest rates 
(2021: 77%).
With a view to the existing and forecasted debt structure, KPN 
could enter into additional future derivatives to further adjust the 
mix of fixed and floating interest rate liabilities.
A sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2022 with regard to 
interest rate risk on floating interest-bearing liabilities showed 
that, ceteris paribus, each adverse change of 100 bps in Euribor 
would hypothetically result in EUR 23m higher interest costs per 
annum (2021: EUR 16m).
Interest rate benchmarks (Interbank Offered Rates, or IBORs) are 
reformed and/or replaced by alternative Risk-Free Rates (RFRs). 
This affects financial instruments on the derivatives and cash 
markets that operate with the impacted floating reference rates. 
The three most used IBORs are the European Interbank Offered 
Rate (Euribor), the London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor) and 
the EURO Overnight Index Average (Eonia). For each benchmark, 
the developments are at different stages and vary in scope and 
transition time. For example, GBP Libor is discontinued after 
31 December 2021 whereas most tenors of USD Libor will continue 
until 1 July 2023. Euribor has been reformed and is not scheduled 
to be discontinued. As the Euribor benchmark remains, there 
is no impact for KPN on the used floating EUR interest rates. 
The transition of Eonia to Euro Short-Term Rate (ESTR) has 
a negligible impact for KPN, concerning interest on collateral 
paid and/or received under credit support agreements with swap 
counterparties. The relevant agreements have been amended to 
reflect the change to ESTR. The transition of GBP Libor to Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) may have a small impact on 
the valuation of KPN’s cross-currency swaps as this benchmark is 
used to value the derivatives with a GBP currency leg.
Cash flow hedges
KPN carried out a sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2022 
with regard to interest rate and currency risk on the cash flow 
hedges. KPN applies cash flow hedge accounting on all bonds 
not denominated in EUR. With all other variables held constant, 
KPN calculated the hypothetical impact of changes in interest 
rates based on various scenarios. This would hypothetically 
result in a higher or lower value of the hedge reserve, which 
is included in equity attributable to equity holders. In a similar 
way, KPN calculated the hypothetical impact of changes in the 
EUR/USD rate and the EUR/GBP rate, holding all other variables 
constant. The results of the analysis are shown in the table 
below, indicating the hypothetical impact on the fair value of the 
cross-currency swaps (excluding the partially offsetting impact on 
the hedged items).
145 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 146:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GBP USD Total
€ million (before tax) Change 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Change in interest rate +1%-point 6 -3 6 3 12 -
-1%-point -6 3 -6 -3 -12 -
Change in FX rate +10%-point 6 31 -24 29 -18 60
-10%-point -7 -42 30 -36 22 -78
Prospective effectiveness testing indicates that all cash flow 
hedges are expected to be highly effective. Consequently, the 
expected impact on the P&L is immaterial.
Fair value hedges
KPN carried out a sensitivity analysis on 31 December 2022 with 
regard to the fair value of interest rate swaps (excluding the partial 
offsetting impact on the hedged items):
€ million Change 2022 2021
Change in EUR interest rates +1%-point -120 -63
-1%-point 123 66
For the sensitivity analysis on interest rate risk regarding 
pensions, see Note 17.  
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
Financial assets
Financial assets subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements
€ million Gross amount
Financial liabilities
offset
Net amount in
balance sheet
Not offset: 
Financial instruments/
Cash collateral Net amount
31 December 2022
Cash and cash equivalents 399 - 399 - 399
Collateral1 53 - 53 -53 -
Derivatives 148 - 148 -148 -
Total 600 - 600 -201 399
31 December 2021
Cash and cash equivalents 793 - 793 - 793
Collateral1 56 - 56 -15 41
Derivatives 212 - 212 -88 124
Total 1,061 - 1,061 -103 958
1 Included in non-current Trade and other receivables
146 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 147:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements
€ million Gross amount
Financial assets
offset
Net amount in
balance sheet
Not offset: 
Financial instruments/
Cash collateral Net amount
31 December 2022
Collateral1 103 - 103 -75 28
Derivatives 366 - 366 -126 240
Total 469 - 469 -201 268
31 December 2021
Collateral1 46 - 46 -46 -
Derivatives 64 - 64 -57 6
Total 110 - 110 -103 6
1 Included in non-current Borrowings
For the financial assets and liabilities summarized above, each 
agreement between KPN and the counterparty allows for net 
settlement of the relevant financial assets and liabilities when 
both parties elect to settle on a net basis.
Accounting policy: Offsetting financial assets 
and liabilities
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and reported on a net 
basis on the balance sheet only when there is a current legally 
enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there 
is an intention either to settle on a net basis or to realize the 
asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
147 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 148:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[14] Trade and other receivables, contract assets and 
contract costs
[14.1] Trade and other receivables
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
€ million Current Non-current Current Non-current
Trade receivables 245 - 222 -
Financial receivables handsets 174 - 199 -
Sales to be invoiced 107 - 103 -
Interest to be received 9 - 17 -
Prepayments 93 16 95 16
Accruals and other receivables 5 79 40 61
Total 632 95 677 77
The financial receivables handsets consist of not yet invoiced 
installment payments on the handset loans, mainly issued 
by KPN Finance B.V. In 2022, KPN Finance B.V. assigned 
EUR 28m outstanding financial receivables handsets to a bank 
and removed these receivables from the balance sheet as the 
transfer of the receivables is characterized as a sale because 
the risks and rewards of ownership of the receivables have been 
substantially transferred. KPN has provided an indemnity to the 
bank in case the realized losses on the transferred receivables are 
exceptionally high. At 31 December 2022, the financial receivables 
handsets of KPN Finance B.V. (EUR 158m) are measured at FVOCI 
and at 31 December 2021 at amortized cost.
The non-current other receivables relate for EUR 75m to cash 
collateral received on derivatives (2021: EUR 56m).
Sales to be invoiced include accrued income related to usage of 
KPN’s network, which is invoiced monthly in arrears.
The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate 
their fair value. Trade and other receivables are non-interest 
bearing. Trade receivables are generally on payment terms of 
14-30 days. The aging of the gross trade receivables is as follows:
€ million
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Trade receivables gross
Amounts undue 189 169
Past due 0–90 days 50 48
Past due 91–360 days 15 17
More than one year 8 10
Total trade receivables gross 262 244
Provision for credit risk exposure -17 -21
Total trade receivables net 245 222
[14.2] Contract assets and contract costs
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
€ million Current
Non-
current Current
Non-
current
Contract assets 80 29 32 20
Costs to obtain a contract - 21 - 15
Costs to fulfill a contract 4 - 13 -
Total 84 50 45 36
Contract assets
A contract asset is recognized if the earned consideration is 
conditional. This includes:
• Deferred discounts invoiced to customers if the discount is 
only granted in the first period of the service contract and 
the discount is recognized on a straight-line basis over the 
contract term.
• The consideration to be received regarding those additional 
scope projects sold to Glaspoort B.V. in December 2021 of which 
the roll-out activities have started, at which point other income 
is recognized. KPN has received 35% of the total consideration in 
cash upon closing of the transaction and the remaining amount 
will be received based on the roll-out progress (see Note 12 for 
the sale to Glaspoort of additional scope projects).
• Installation services and hardware delivered at the start of the 
contract if the amount of revenue recognized is higher than the 
amounts charged upfront.
• Transition projects for business customers when the revenue 
recognized is higher than the amounts invoiced for the 
transition phase.
Upon invoicing of contracts assets, the invoiced amounts are 
reclassified to trade receivables.
148 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 149:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Contract costs
Contract costs include:
• Transaction-related dealer fees paid to acquire or retain 
mobile subscribers.
• Costs incurred during the transition phase of projects for 
business customers to be able to deliver exploitation services 
that are not treated as a separate performance obligation. The 
costs are capitalized as costs to fulfill a contract and expensed 
in principle on a straight-line basis over the remaining contract 
term in which the exploitation services are delivered.
[14.3] Allowances for expected credit losses
Movement schedule of the allowances for expected credit losses:
€ million Trade receivables
Financial 
receivables handsets Contract assets Total
Balance at 1 January 2021 20 3 1 24
Additions/releases P&L 9 - - 9
Usage -8 -1 -1 -10
Balance at 31 December 2021 21 3 - 24
Additions/releases P&L 12 -1 - 11
Usage -13 - - -13
Reclassification to FVOCI -3 -1 - -4
Balance at 31 December 2022 17 1 - 18
The allowance for expected credit losses for trade receivables is based on the aging of the gross trade receivables and historic losses. 
For the largest customers, an assessment is done whether or not an additional allowance needs to be recognized. The allowance for 
financial receivables handsets is also based on historic losses and is adjusted if there is an indication that customer payment behavior 
will deteriorate. The financial receivables handsets are the installments to be invoiced on average in approximately the next 12 months. 
Accounting policy: Trade and other receivables, 
contract assets and contract costs
Trade and other receivables and contract assets classify as 
financial assets and are measured at amortized cost if both of the 
following conditions are met:
• The financial asset is held within a business model with the 
objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual 
cash flows; and
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured 
using the effective interest method less provisions for 
impairment. An allowance for expected credit losses is recorded 
for all financial assets and contract assets at initial recognition. 
This allowance is regularly updated.
The amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any 
discounts or premiums on acquisition and transactions costs.
The effective interest rate amortization is recognized under 
finance income or finance costs.
If a financial asset is held within a business model with the 
objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and selling 
the financial asset, the financial asset is measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
A financial asset is derecognized when the rights to receive cash 
flows from the asset have expired or KPN has transferred the 
rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an 
obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material 
delay to a third party under a pass-through arrangement; and 
either (1) KPN has transferred substantially all the risk and 
rewards of the asset, or (2) KPN has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but 
has transferred control of the asset.
When KPN has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from 
an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, KPN 
evaluates if, and to what extent, KPN has retained the risks and 
rewards of ownership. The risks and rewards are substantially 
transferred if more than 90% of the variability of the cash flows 
with respect to an asset is transferred.
See Note 4 for the accounting policy regarding contract costs.
149 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 150:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[15] Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid instruments 
with initial maturities of three months or less, including balances 
on bank accounts, bank deposits and money market funds.
€ million
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Cash 144 258
Short-term bank deposits and money 
market funds 255 535
Total cash and cash equivalents 399 793
The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was mainly the result 
of EUR 571m dividend payments, EUR 300m share repurchases, 
EUR 468m of net debt redemptions (including EUR 500m bond 
proceeds and EUR 968m bond redemptions), EUR 71m net 
payments related to M&A and Glaspoort, and EUR 17m net 
investments Ventures, partly offset by EUR 862m free cash flow 
and EUR 200m change in short-term investments.
Accounting policy: Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand, deposits 
held at call with banks, AAA-rated prime money market 
funds, and other short-term highly liquid investments with 
original maturities of three months or less. Bank overdrafts are 
included in borrowings in current liabilities.
[16] Equity
Limitations in distribution of shareholders’ equity
Total distributable reserves as at 31 December 2022 amounted to 
EUR 2,818m, which includes the perpetual capital securities (2021: 
EUR 2,545m). For further details on non-distributable reserves, 
see Note C to the Corporate Financial Statements.
Share capital
Authorized capital stock totals EUR 720m divided into nine billion 
ordinary shares of EUR 4ct each and nine billion preference shares 
B of EUR 4ct each. At 31 December 2022, a total of 4,037,319,593 
ordinary shares were outstanding and fully paid-in. Dutch law 
prohibits KPN from casting a vote on shares KPN holds (treasury 
shares). The ordinary shares and preference shares B carry the 
right to cast one vote each. The ordinary shares are registered or 
payable to the bearer.
Shareholders may request the company to convert their 
registered shares to bearer shares, but not vice versa.
Share buyback
In 2021, KPN repurchased 73,684,157 ordinary shares at an average 
price of EUR 2.71, and in 2022 92,840,654 ordinary shares at 
an average price of EUR 3.23. Of these shares, 165,524,811 were 
cancelled in 2022, reducing the number of outstanding shares 
to 4,037,319,593.
At the 13 April 2022 AGM, shareholders granted the Board 
of Management the authority to acquire the company’s own 
ordinary shares for a period of 18 months - starting on 13 April 
2022 and ending on 13 October 2023. The number of ordinary 
shares to be acquired is limited to a maximum of 10% of the issued 
capital per 13 April 2022. The shares may be acquired, by or on 
behalf of the company, on the stock exchange or through other 
means at a price per share of at least the par value and at most 
the quoted share price plus 10%. The quoted share price is defined 
as the average of the closing prices of KPN shares as reported in 
the official price list of Euronext Amsterdam over the five trading 
days prior to the acquisition date. Resolutions by the Board of 
Management to acquire the company’s own shares are subject to 
the approval of the Supervisory Board.
Ordinary shares purchased by the company will either be 
cancelled or held in treasury. At the 13 April 2022 AGM, 
shareholders granted the Board of Management the authority 
to reduce the issued capital by cancelling own shares with the 
approval of the Supervisory Board. The number of shares that 
may be cancelled is restricted to a maximum of 10% of the issued 
capital as at 13 April 2022 and may, if desired, be cancelled in one 
or more phases.
150 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 151:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Other reserves
€ million, unless indicated otherwise
Number of 
treasury shares
Treasury 
shares reserve Hedge reserve
Currency 
translation reserve Total Other reserves
Balance at 1 January 2021 5,609,432 -65 -156 22 -199
Movements recorded in OCI (net) - - 31 -7 24
Share buyback 73,684,157 -200 - - -200
Sold treasury shares -1,643,571 17 - - 17
Balance at 31 December 2021 77,650,018 -248 -125 15 -358
Movements recorded in OCI (net) - - 39 2 41
Share buyback 92,840,654 -300 - - -300
Shares canceled -165,524,811 492 - - 492
Sold treasury shares -1,343,847 14 - - 14
Other - 5 - - 5
Balance at 31 December 2022 3,622,014 -37 -86 17 -106
The additional paid-in capital is exempt from Dutch tax up to an 
amount of EUR 8,802m at 31 December 2022 (2021: EUR 9,282m).
Movements in the hedge reserve recorded in OCI are net of a tax 
loss of EUR 14m in 2022 (2021: EUR 9m loss) and in the currency 
translation reserve net of a tax gain of EUR 1m (2021: EUR 1m gain).
Hedge reserve
€ million 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Effective portion cash flow hedges1 -23 -61
Amortizable part2 -93 -107
Hedge reserve -116 -168
Tax effect 30 43
Hedge reserve, net of tax -86 -125
1 The effective portion of cash flow hedges will be recognized in the P&L in line with the maturities 
of the related derivatives (see Note 13.3)
2 The amortizable part of the hedge reserve is amortized over the remaining life of the related 
bonds (between 2016 and 2030). The impact on the P&L will be EUR 15m in 2023
Treasury shares reserve
KPN purchased shares in its own capital for delivery upon vesting 
of equity-settled share plans for management (see Note 5). Votes 
on purchased shares may not be cast and do not count in 
determining the number of votes required at a General Meeting 
of Shareholders. In 2022, 1 million shares were purchased for the 
equity-settled share plans (none in 2021). In 2022 and 2021, shares 
were sold in connection with vesting of these plans.
Treasury shares are accounted for at cost, representing the 
market price on the acquisition date. The proceeds at delivery of 
the treasury shares are recognized directly in the other reserves.
Equity attributable to holders of perpetual capital securities
On 8 November 2019, KPN issued a EUR 500m hybrid bond with 
a 2.00% coupon and on 21 September 2022 a EUR 500m hybrid 
bond with a 6.00% coupon, both with a perpetual maturity. These 
bonds are classified as equity in the Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position and valued at net proceeds (see Note 13.2).
Foundation Preference Shares B KPN
KPN has granted a call option, which is not limited in time, to 
the Foundation Preference Shares B KPN (the Foundation) to 
acquire preference shares B. For further information about the 
Foundation, see chapter ‘Corporate governance’.
In KPN’s opinion, the call option does not represent a significant 
fair value due to the fact that the preference shares B, issued after 
exercise of the call option, bear interest linked to Euribor.
Dividend per share
At the AGM of Shareholders on 12 April 2023, a final dividend of 
EUR 9.5ct per share will be proposed in respect of 2022. In August 
2022, KPN paid an interim dividend in respect of 2022 of EUR 4.8ct 
per share, in total EUR 196m, bringing the total regular dividend in 
respect of 2022 to EUR 14.3ct per share (in total EUR 579m based 
on the number of outstanding shares at 31 December 2022 less 
Treasury shares held by KPN).
These Financial Statements do not reflect the proposal for the 
remaining dividend payable. In April 2022, KPN paid a final 
dividend of EUR 9.1ct per share in respect of 2021, in total 
EUR 375m. The total dividend in respect of 2021 was EUR 13.6ct 
per ordinary share.
151 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 152:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[17] Retirement benefits
Retirement benefits are provided through a number of defined 
contribution plans and funded and unfunded defined benefit 
plans. The most significant plans are described hereafter.
KPN main pension plan
KPN’s main pension plan covers employees in the Netherlands 
who are subject to KPN’s collective labor agreement and 
employees with an individual labor agreement, and is externally 
funded through Stichting Pensioenfonds KPN. This plan is a 
collective defined contribution pension plan. It is accounted for as 
a defined contribution plan because KPN has no other obligation 
than to pay the annual contribution. This is a fixed percentage 
of the pensionable base for a period of three years. After this 
three-year period the annual contribution is reassessed based on 
a fixed and agreed method in which no reflection to past service 
or the funded status of the fund is included. As of 1 January 2023, 
a new three-year period has become effective.
Getronics UK and US
The Getronics US and UK operations were divested in 2008 
and 2012, respectively. The closed and frozen pension plans of 
the former US and UK operations remained with KPN and are 
accounted for as a defined benefit plan. The assets of the plans are 
held separately from KPN in independently administered funds. 
The UK plan operates under the regulations of the UK Pensions 
Regulator and the US plan under the provisions of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). The deficit in the plans’ 
funding must be recovered by the investment returns in the plans’ 
assets and contributions by KPN. The pension plans in the UK and 
US expose KPN to a number of risks, which can have an impact 
on the future contributions by KPN and the liability recorded in its 
balance sheet. The most significant risks are summarized below:
• Asset volatility risk: the pension plans’ assets are partially 
invested in equity securities and other return-seeking assets, so 
the plans’ funding levels are exposed to equity market risks. The 
war in the Ukraine and increases in interest rates, for example 
caused significant volatility in 2022.
• Interest rate risk: a decrease in interest rates will increase the 
plans’ liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an 
increase in the value of the plans’ bond holdings.
• Inflation risk: the indexation of part of the accrued benefits in 
the UK is based on a combination of consumer and retail price 
indices, so the UK plan is exposed to inflation risk although the 
indexation is capped.
• Life expectancy risk: the plans provide benefits for the life of 
the participants, so increases in life expectancy will result in an 
increase in the plans’ liabilities.
In the UK, guaranteed minimum pension (GMP) is a portion of 
pension that was accrued by individuals who were contracted out 
of the state second pension prior to 6 April 1997. At present there 
is an inequality of benefits between male and female members 
who have GMP. The High Court in the UK ruled in 2018 that 
equalization will be required for affected defined benefit pension 
schemes. A number of options can be used to equalize, which 
had not been finalized as at 31 December 2022. The estimated 
cost of equalization as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 for the UK 
plan is EUR 6m, which has been recognized as a past service cost 
in 2018. However, the cost to the UK plan for equalizing heavily 
depends on a complex interaction between the benefit design 
and membership profile as well as the method used to equalize, 
which must be determined by the trustees.
In 2022, an additional voluntary pension contribution of EUR 23m 
into the US plan was made. This will lead to lower contributions 
going forward and brings the plan closer to full funding and an 
eventual buyout.
Other
KPN has a number of other funded (insured) plans in the 
Netherlands which are all closed to new entrants. Based on Dutch 
law, KPN could be required to make contributions if participants 
of these plans require a value transfer to another pension fund or 
insurer. However, the risk related to these value transfers is limited 
and therefore no provision has been recognized for these plans.
In 2021, a final payment of EUR 7m for the unfunded transitional 
early retirement plan was made. In 2022, a new early retirement 
plan was implemented for a limited group of employees for which 
an expense of EUR 1m was recorded in 2022.
Provisions for retirement benefit obligations
The provisions for retirement benefit obligations consist of the 
net defined benefit liability regarding pension plans and early 
retirement plans, which are accounted for as defined benefit plans 
as described above. See the table below for a specification of the 
balance sheet position.
152 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 153:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Defined benefit obligation1 Fair value of assets
Net defined benefit 
liability (asset)
€ million 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Balance at 1 January 574 651 -482 -499 92 152
Included in profit or loss
Operating expense2 -33 -56 37 58 4 2
Interest expense (income) 12 9 -10 -7 2 2
Included in OCI
Remeasurements loss (gain):
Actuarial loss (gain)3 -141 -32 - - -141 -32
Return on plan assets excluding interest income - - 137 -20 137 -20
Effect of movements in exchange rates -4 40 3 -31 -1 9
Total -145 8 140 -51 -5 -43
Other
Employer’s contribution - - -43 -21 -43 -21
Benefits paid -28 -38 28 38 - -
Balance at 31 December 380 574 -330 -482 49 92
1 The measurement date for all defined benefit plans is 31 December
2 Service costs were EUR 1m and administrative costs EUR 3m in 2022 and EUR 0m and EUR 3m in 2021. Operating expense in 2022 and in 2021 includes settlements (a loss of EUR 0m in 2022 and a gain 
of EUR 1m in 2021). The latter relates to a partial transfers of the retiree pension liabilities of the US pension fund to an insurance company in 2022 and in 2021 and a conversion into a non-profit-sharing 
agreement with regard to a Dutch insured pension plan in 2021
3 The actuarial loss (gain) in 2022 and 2021 consists of demographic assumptions (EUR 0m and EUR -5m, financial assumptions (EUR -154m and EUR -29m) and experience adjustments (EUR 13m 
and EUR 2m)
Defined benefit obligations
Actuarial assumptions
The key actuarial assumptions used in the calculation of the 
defined benefit obligations are as follows:
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Getronics UK Getronics US Other Getronics UK Getronics US Other
Discount rate (%) 4.8 4.9 3.7 2.0 2.6 1.0
Expected salary increases (%) N/a N/a 2.0 N/a N/a 2.0
Expected benefit increases/indexation (%) 2.3-2.9 N/a 0.0 2.5-3.1 N/a 0.0
Life expectancy for pensioners at retirement age:
Male 21.8 20.7 21.7 22.1 20.6 21.4
Female 23.8 22.6 23.8 24.1 22.6 23.4
The discount rate is based on yield curves of AA corporate bonds 
with maturities equal to the duration of the benefit obligations 
and in the applicable currency. As at 31 December 2022, the 
(weighted) average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 
10 years.
Assumptions regarding life expectancy are based on published 
statistics and mortality tables that include allowances for future 
improvement in mortality. The mortality table used in the 
Netherlands is the projected table AG 2022, which includes 
projected improvement rates varying by year of birth, corrected 
for fund-specific circumstances. The mortality table used in the 
UK is the 102% for males and 107% for females of the SAPS 
S3PXA tables with CMI 2021 projection with a 1.25% long-term 
improvement, and in the US the Pri-2012 Total Dataset with Scale 
MP-2021. The life expectancy at the age of 65 is expected to 
increase in the next 20 years by between one and two years in the 
UK and the US.
153 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 154:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Sensitivity analysis
The following table shows the approximate impact on the defined 
benefit obligation of a change in the key actuarial assumptions of 
0.5% and in the case of life expectancy of a change of one year.
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
€ million Increase Decrease Increase Decrease
Discount rate -18 20 -35 39
Expected salary increases - - - -
Expected benefit increases 7 -8 16 -19
Life expectancy 13 -14 26 -26
Plan assets
The assets of all defined benefit pension plans as at 31 December 
2022 and 2021 comprise of:
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Quoted in active markets:
Equity securities 14% 21%
Fixed-income securities 55% 41%
Real estate1 0% 0%
Commodities2 1% 1%
Other 5% 2%
Other:
Equity securities 0% 6%
Fixed-income securities 0% 10%
Real estate1 5% 3%
Other3 20% 16%
1 As at 31 December 2022, none of the investments in real estate were located in Europe
2 Includes investment funds which invest in financial instruments related to commodities such as 
energy, agricultural products and precious metals
3 Mainly sub-investment grade corporate credit funds, insurance contracts and hedge funds
Strategic investment policies
The strategic asset allocations of the defined benefit plans at 
year-end 2022 were as follows:
€ million
Getronics 
UK
Getronics 
US
Other 
plans
Equity securities 20% 0% 0%
Fixed-income securities (including 
inflation-linked bonds) 55% 100% 0%
Other 25% 0% 100%
Total 100% 100% 100%
In both the UK and the US, a roadmap is in place to move 
to more fixed-income exposure as the funded status improves. 
The Getronics UK pension fund partially hedges interest rate 
and inflation risks. The Getronics US pension fund fully hedges 
interest rate risks. As the UK pension fund invests in global 
investment funds, a minor part of these investments could be 
related to KPN equities. The pension funds do not have direct 
investments in KPN equities.
Expected contributions and benefits
In 2022, the total employer’s contributions and benefit payments 
for all defined benefit and defined contribution plans amounted 
to EUR 122m, consisting of EUR 78m employer’s premiums for 
defined contribution plans, EUR 43m contributions for funded 
defined benefit plans and EUR 1m payments for unfunded plans.
The amount of employer’s contributions in 2023 for the remaining 
defined benefit pension plans is estimated to be EUR 17m for the 
funded plans. The total amount of employer’s premiums to be 
paid in 2023 for the defined contribution plans is estimated to be 
EUR 81m.
154 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 155:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Accounting policy: Provisions for retirement 
benefit obligations (pension obligations)
The liability recognized in respect of all pension and early 
retirement plans that qualify as a defined benefit obligation 
is the present value of the defined benefit obligation less 
the fair value of plan assets. KPN uses actuarial calculations 
(projected unit credit method) to measure the obligations and 
the costs. For the calculation, actuarial assumptions are made 
about demographic variables (such as employee turnover and 
mortality) and financial variables (such as future indexation 
and the discount rate). The discount rate is determined 
by reference to market rates. These are interest rates of 
high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the 
currency in which the benefit will be paid and that have 
terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related 
liability. A net defined benefit asset may arise where a defined 
benefit plan has been overfunded. KPN recognizes a net 
defined benefit asset in such a case only when future economic 
benefits are available to KPN in the form of a reduction in 
future contributions or a cash refund. Actuarial gains and 
losses are recognized immediately in OCI.
Past service costs, curtailments and settlements are 
recognized immediately in the P&L.
The amount of pension costs included in operating expenses 
with respect to defined benefit plans consists of service 
cost, past service costs, curtailments and settlements, and 
administration costs. Net interest on the net defined benefit 
liability is presented as part of finance costs.
For pension plans that qualify as a defined contribution 
plan, KPN recognizes contributions as an expense when 
an employee has rendered service in exchange for 
those contributions.
[18] Provisions for other liabilities and charges
€ million
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2021
Restructuring provision 13 19
Asset retirement obligations 75 98
Other provisions 66 60
Total provisions for other liabilities 
and charges 154 177
of which: non-current 131 150
of which: current 23 27
155 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 156:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Statement of changes in provisions
€ million Personnel Contractual
Total 
restructuring
Asset retirement 
obligation
Other 
provisions
Total 
provisions
Balance at 1 January 2021 18 2 19 94 76 189
of which: current portion 18 - 18 4 17 38
Additions 38 - 38 8 8 54
Releases - - - -1 -7 -7
Usage -38 - -38 -4 -13 -55
Other movements, incl. discontinued operations - - - 1 -5 -3
Balance at 31 December 2021 18 1 19 98 60 177
of which: current portion 18 - 18 2 7 27
Transition impact IAS 371 - - - - 14 14
Additions 23 1 24 - 1 25
Releases - - - -20 -3 -24
Usage -29 - -30 -2 -7 -40
Other movements, incl. discontinued operations and 
new business combinations - - - -1 2 1
Balance at 31 December 2022 11 2 13 75 66 154
< 1 year 11 - 12 3 8 23
1-5 years - 2 2 11 - 13
> 5 years - - - 61 58 119
1 Cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets that specify which costs must be included when assessing whether a contract 
is onerous or loss-making using a 'directly related cost approach'
Restructuring provisions
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated 
before the normal retirement date, or whenever an employee 
accepts redundancy in exchange for these benefits.
Termination benefits are recognized when KPN is demonstrably 
committed either to terminating the employment according to a 
detailed formal plan without the possibility of withdrawal or to 
providing termination benefits as a result of an individual and 
accepted offer made to encourage redundancy. Benefits falling 
due more than 12 months after 31 December are discounted to 
present value.
Asset retirement obligations
The provision for asset retirement obligations (ARO) is based on 
assumptions of the estimated costs of removal, discount rate and 
estimated period of removal, which vary per type of asset. In 2022, 
EUR 20m was released from the ARO provision, mainly because 
of changes in the discount rates. Of this release, EUR 19m was 
recognised as a reduction of the carrying value of the activated 
asset retirement costs, which is included in plant and equipment.
As defined in the Telecommunications Act, the obligation for 
landlords to tolerate cables terminates as soon as those cables 
have been idle for a continuous period of 10 years. Because the 
date when the cables will become idle is uncertain and KPN is not 
able to predict whether and when a landlord will place a request 
for removal, KPN is not able to make a reliable estimate of the 
impact and therefore no provision was recognized at 31 December 
2022 nor at 31 December 2021.
Other provisions
Includes provisions for claims and litigations, onerous contracts 
and warranties and provisions for long-term employee 
obligations related to jubilee or other long-service employee 
benefits, long-term disability benefits and, if they are not fully 
payable within 12 months after the end of the period, bonuses 
and deferred compensation. The expected costs of these benefits 
are accrued over the period of employment using an accounting 
method similar to that for defined benefit pension plans, except 
that actuarial gains and losses and past-service costs are 
recognized immediately in the P&L.
156 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 157:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Accounting policy: Provisions for other liabilities 
and charges
Provisions for asset retirement obligations, restructuring costs 
and legal claims are recognized when KPN has a present 
legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events and 
it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required 
to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably 
estimated. When these criteria are not met, these positions 
are classified as contingent liabilities, unless the cash outflow is 
considered remote.
Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s 
best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the 
present obligation at balance sheet date. The discount rate 
used to determine the present value reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to 
the liability.
[19] Leasing
Right-of-use assets
€ million
Mobile 
network
Fixed network 
& data centers Real estate Vehicles Other Total
Accumulated cost 995 119 493 137 4 1,749
Accumulated depreciation & impairment -429 -96 -288 -76 -3 -892
Balance as at 1 January 2021 566 23 205 61 1 857
Additions 8 - 3 7 8 27
Remeasurement & lease modifications 35 3 9 1 1 48
Depreciation -57 -10 -31 -28 -2 -127
Impairments - - - - - -
Closing net book value 553 17 186 40 9 804
Accumulated cost 997 89 458 119 14 1,677
Accumulated depreciation & impairment -445 -71 -272 -80 -5 -872
Balance as at 31 December 2021 553 17 186 40 9 804
Additions 26 0 3 25 4 58
Remeasurement & lease modifications 87 4 27 4 1 123
Depreciation -57 -7 -31 -24 -3 -121
Impairments - - -161 - - -16
Closing net book value 608 14 169 45 11 848
Accumulated cost 1,060 76 472 111 19 1,737
Accumulated depreciation & impairment -451 -61 -303 -66 -7 -889
Balance as at 31 December 2022 608 14 169 45 11 848
Total estimated lease term at commencement of a lease (in years) 5-15 5-20 5-20 5-7 <5
1 In 2022, permanent vacancy in KPN's former head office in The Hague led to an impairment of EUR 16m
157 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 158:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Lease liabilities
€ million
Mobile 
network
Fixed network 
& data centers Real estate Vehicles Other Total
Non-current lease liability 531 19 202 35 - 787
Current lease liability 88 9 30 23 - 150
Balance as at 1 January 2021 618 27 232 58 1 937
Additions 8 1 3 7 8 27
Remeasurement & lease modifications 30 3 8 - 1 42
Interest 13 1 5 1 - 20
Redemptions -73 -11 -40 -28 -2 -154
Closing net book value 597 20 210 37 9 873
Non-current lease liability 515 14 180 20 7 736
Current lease liability 83 6 30 17 2 137
Balance as at 31 December 2021 598 20 209 37 9 873
Additions 26 - 3 25 3 57
Remeasurement & lease modifications 81 4 27 4 2 117
Interest 12 1 5 - - 18
Redemptions -68 -9 -39 -24 -3 -142
Closing net book value 649 16 205 43 11 923
Non-current lease liability 551 10 174 27 8 770
Current lease liability 97 6 31 16 3 153
Balance as at 31 December 2022 649 16 205 43 11 923
The redemptions reflect the total payments made during the year 
for the lease fees included in the lease liability. The redemption 
consists of the repayments of the lease liabilities which are 
presented in the cash flow from financing activities (2022: 
EUR 124m, 2021: EUR 135m) and the interest paid during the 
year (2022: EUR 18m, 2021: EUR 20m), which is part of the cash 
flow from operating activities.
The maturity analysis of the lease liabilities can be found in 
Note 13.4.
KPN’s lease portfolio consists of mobile network (mostly site 
rentals and mobile towers), fixed network & data centers 
(technical buildings), real estate (offices and shops), vehicles 
and other leased assets.
The following amounts are recognized in the profit or loss:
€ million 2022 2021
Depreciation right-of-use assets -121 -127
Impairment (-) or impairment reversal right-of-
use assets
-16 -
Gain or loss (-) on early terminations 7 5
Total depreciation & impairments presented in 
the P&L
-131 -123
Interest on lease liabilities -18 -20
Total amount recognized in profit or loss -149 -142
In 2022, KPN entered into sale and leaseback transactions for 
some of its technical buildings. The transactions resulted in a 
gain of EUR 2m in both 2022 and 2021, included in Other income. 
The leaseback periods are limited to a period of five years. The 
impact on the lease liability and right-of-use asset (fixed network) 
was limited.
The expenses related to short-term vehicle leases (included in 
Personnel expenses) are not material. KPN does not apply the 
low-value exemption and does not have contracts with variable 
lease payments other than variable lease payments dependent on 
an index or a rate.
158 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 159:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Most of KPN’s lease contracts include extension (renewal) 
or termination options. KPN exercises significant judgment in 
determining whether these options are reasonably certain to be 
exercised (see Note 2). The assessments are updated annually or 
when a significant change in the economic circumstances occurs. 
Periods covered by renewal options deemed reasonably certain 
or early termination options that are reasonably certain not to be 
exercised are included in the total lease liability.
A significant number of KPN’s contracts have an unlimited 
number of extension options. Only those deemed reasonably 
certain are included in the lease term and therefore the lease 
liability. A reliable estimate of the potential future lease payments 
related to periods beyond the lease terms reflected on the balance 
sheet cannot be provided. This affects mostly the mobile and fixed 
network, as well as real estate. Vehicles are generally returned by 
the end of their term.
KPN as a lessor
KPN acts as a lessor in a limited number of real estate, mobile 
site contracts and some specific types of customer premises 
equipment, all classified as operating leases. These lessor 
contracts are not material to KPN Group, individually nor in 
aggregate. The terms are 1-10 years. All leases include a clause 
to enable upward revision of the lease fees (annual indexation). 
Rental income recognized in 2022 amounted to EUR 2m (2021: 
EUR 2m). The future minimum lease receivable under the non-
cancellable operating leases as at 31 December 2022 is EUR 6m 
(31 December 2021: EUR 7m).
Accounting policy: Leases
KPN as lessee
Lease liabilities
At the commencement date of a lease (i.e. the date on which 
the underlying asset of the lease is available for use by KPN), 
KPN recognizes a lease liability measured at the present value 
of future lease payments to be made over the term of the 
lease. This includes fixed fees (including in-substance fixed 
payments), lease incentives (such as rent-free periods or fee 
discounts), variable lease payments that depend on an index or 
a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value 
guarantees. KPN does not have purchase options to be taken 
into account. Penalties for early termination of a lease are not 
included when KPN is reasonably certain that the related early 
termination will not take place.
All contracts of KPN that contain variable lease payments 
depend on a consumer price index or a rate. However, should 
other types of fees occur, these variable fees will be accounted 
for in the operating expenses.
After the commencement date, the lease liabilities increase due 
to the accrual of interest and decrease due to the payments 
of the fees due. The lease liabilities are remeasured when 
a change occurs in the fees due, the lease term deemed 
reasonably certain and/or changes to the scope of a lease. Upon 
remeasurement of the lease liability of a contract, the applied 
discount rate (incremental borrowing rate) is revised unless the 
remeasurement relates to a fee change following a change in 
consumer price index or rate.
The total lease liability recognized is split into a non-current and 
a current portion. The current lease liabilities reflect only the part 
of the payments due within one year related to the repayment 
of the total lease liabilities.
Lease term
KPN determined the lease term as the non-cancellable term of 
a contract together with any periods covered by an option to 
extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or 
any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if it is 
reasonably certain not to be exercised.
KPN applies judgment when assessing if the use of an 
option is reasonably certain. Factors included are KPN’s asset 
and network strategy, technological developments, and other 
circumstances that may impose an economic incentive affecting 
the expected use of an underlying asset. For vehicles, renewal 
options are not included in the initial assessment of the lease 
term as KPN’s policy prescribes the return of vehicles to the 
lessor at the end of the lease term.
After the commencement of a lease, KPN reassesses the lease 
term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances 
that is within KPN’s control and effects KPN’s ability to exercise 
or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate a lease.
159 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 160:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Incremental borrowing rate
The implicit discount rates of KPN’s leases are not readily 
available, with the exception for vehicles. KPN applies its 
applicable incremental borrowing rate to determine the 
discounted value of the lease liabilities. Upon modification of a 
lease, the lease liability is remeasured using the applicable 
discount rate at the date of the remeasurement. KPN’s 
incremental borrowing rates are mainly determined using a 
risk-free rate combined with a spread reflecting KPN’s credit risk. 
The applicable rate per contract is primarily dependent on the 
total expected term of a lease at its commencement date (new 
leases) or the total expected remaining lease term in case of a 
remeasurement of a lease.
Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets are recognized at commencement date of 
a lease as counterpart to the lease liabilities. The right-of-use 
assets are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation 
and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement 
in the corresponding lease liabilities. The cost of the right-of-
use assets includes the initially recognized amount of the 
corresponding lease liabilities, initial direct costs incurred in 
obtaining the lease (if any) and lease payments made at or 
before commencement of the lease. Lease incentives received 
are deducted from the carrying value of the right-of-use assets.
The right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis 
over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the underlying 
asset and the lease term. Right-of-use assets are subject 
to impairment.
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
KPN does not apply the practical expedients for low-value 
leases (leases of an underlying asset with a value of less 
than EUR 5,000) and short-term leases (leases with a total 
expected term of less than 12 months) except for short-term 
rental vehicles.
Regarding vehicle leases, KPN applies the practical expedient 
not to separate non-lease components from lease components. 
Therefore, the full monthly lease fees are reflected in KPN’s 
Statement of Financial Position. For all types of leased 
assets, electricity and fuel-related expenses remain part of 
operating expenses.
KPN as lessor
Leases where KPN as lessor retains a significant portion of the 
risk and rewards of ownership of the lease asset are classified as 
operating leases. The assets remain on the balance sheet and 
are depreciated over the assets’ useful life.
Lease payments received from lessees are recognized as 
revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease period.
If KPN acts as a lessor in a finance lease, the transaction is 
accounted for as a normal sale and the present value of the lease 
payments is recognized as a receivable. The difference between 
the gross receivable and the present value of the receivable is 
deferred and recognized as interest over the lease term.
[20] Contract liabilities, trade and other payables
Trade and other payables
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
€ million Current
Non-
current Current
Non-
current
Trade payables 591 - 514 -
Accrued interest 52 - 77 -
Accrued expenses 286 - 338 -
Social security and other 
taxes payable 184 - 220 -
Other payables 28 8 26 8
Total 1,140 8 1,176 8
Some of KPN’s suppliers participate in Supplier Finance Programs 
giving suppliers the opportunity to receive earlier payment (from 
a financial institution), without modifying KPN’s payment terms, 
or providing KPN an extended payment period. As the payment 
terms under these programs do not materially deviate from 
customary payment terms in the industry or from the terms 
agreed with suppliers who do not participate in these programs, 
the relating liabilities are classified as trade and other payables, 
and payments are classified as operating cash flow. The Supplier 
Finance Programs do not impact covenants or KPN’s access to 
(future) borrowings from financial institutions. As at 31 December 
2022, the total amount of payables under the three Supplier 
Finance Programs amounted to EUR 205m (2021: EUR 141m).
160 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 161:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Contract liabilities
31 December 2022 31 December 2021
€ million Current
Non-
current Current
Non-
current
Contract liabilities 169 130 186 169
Of which variable considerations - 86 - 86
The contract liabilities primarily relate to the consideration 
received from customers before satisfying performance 
obligations, such as advances for subscriptions and airtime. KPN 
recognizes a contract liability for postpaid and prepaid bundled 
minutes and data increasingly based on the passage of time of 
these bundles per proposition. The utilization percentage is the 
actual pro-rata period as a percentage of total credits granted for 
that period.
For the transition phase of projects for business customers which 
are treated as a separate performance obligation, a contract 
liability is recognized if the amount invoiced is higher than the 
amount of revenue allocated to these projects. A contract liability 
is also recognized for the mobile connection fees charged to 
the customer if the connection is not treated as a separate 
performance obligation.
Contract liabilities are recognized for variable considerations 
which are not deemed highly probable. The introduction of new 
mobile consumer propositions in August 2016 caused a change 
in the VAT calculation methodology, which resulted in a lower 
remittance of VAT from August 2016 until December 2018. KPN’s 
view is not shared by the Dutch tax authorities. KPN concluded, 
based on the applicable regulations, that a positive outcome 
of this dispute is not highly probable and therefore recorded a 
contract liability for the VAT amount. Additionally, an amount for 
the corresponding interest amount has been accounted for. A 
potential final negative outcome of the current court procedure 
will lead to a negative cash flow in future years.
In 2022, EUR 4m revenue was recognized from variable 
considerations related to performance obligations satisfied (or 
partially satisfied) in previous years (in 2021: EUR 13m).
The year’s revenues include the current portion of the contract 
liability balance at the beginning of the year.
Accounting policy: Contract liabilities, trade and 
other payables
Trade and other payables are classified as ‘borrowings’ within 
KPN’s financial liabilities. For the accounting policy, see 
Note 13.
For the accounting policy regarding contract liabilities, see 
Note 4.
161 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 162:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Other notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
[21] Business combinations and disposals
Disposals
€ million 2022 2021
Amount of assets and liabilities in the subsidiaries or 
businesses over which control is lost:
Property, plant and equipment - 7
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and 
accrued income
- 17
Trade and other payables and accrued expenses - -24
Total net assets - -
Transaction costs1 - 7
Allocation of goodwill upon loss of control over a business - 64
Total costs - 71
Cash consideration - 233
Contingent cash consideration - 218
Interest in joint venture (50%) - 451
Total consideration - 902
Book gain before income tax - 831
Income taxes - -190
Book gain after income tax - 640
1 The transaction costs in 2021 include EUR 1m release of accruals related to disposals in 
previous years
Changes in consolidation in 2022
On 30 December 2022, KPN acquired 100% of the shares 
of Itzos B.V., a Dutch IT provider specializing in integrating 
healthcare systems and optimizing communication between 
healthcare providers. The transaction is accounted for as a 
business combination because the assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed constitute a business.
The preliminary purchase price allocation:
€ million 2022
Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and 
liabilities assumed:
Intangible assets 9
Trade and other receivables, prepayments and accrued income 2
Net cash and cash equivalents 1
Non-current liabilities -3
Trade and other payables and accrued expenses -2
Total net assets 7
Total transaction costs -
Cash consideration 13
Contingent cash consideration 1
Total consideration 14
Goodwill 7
The impact of the acquisition on KPN's Group revenues, EBITDA 
AL and net profit in 2022 is negligible, also if the acquisition had 
taken place at the beginning of the year.
Changes in consolidation in 2021
Joint venture Glaspoort
On 9 June 2021, KPN sold 50% of the shares of its subsidiary 
Glaspoort B.V. to Drepana Investments Holding B.V., an 
investment entity managed by APG. At the same time, KPN 
entered into a joint venture agreement with Drepana Investments 
Holding B.V. regarding Glaspoort. Glaspoort is a network company, 
pursuing an open-access wholesale strategy based on non-
discriminatory terms, fostering competition and innovation in the 
Netherlands. The total consideration upon sale of the 50% interest 
in Glaspoort consists of a cash consideration received upon deal 
close of EUR 238m (later adjusted to EUR 233m) and a contingent 
cash receivable of EUR 234m to be received in annual installments 
based on the roll-out progress of Glaspoort. The contingent cash 
receivable classifies as a financial asset initially recognized at fair 
value (EUR 218m) and is subsequently measured at fair value 
through profit or loss (see Note 13.1). On the closing date, both joint 
venture partners paid a share premium contribution of EUR 39m 
to Glaspoort’s equity.
Following the requirements of IFRS, KPN initially recognized its 
interest in the joint venture at its fair value (EUR 456m), based on 
the total consideration, consisting of the initial cash consideration 
(EUR 238m) and the fair value of the deferred consideration 
(EUR 218m), and corroborated by internal valuation models. In 
December 2021, the initial cash consideration was adjusted by 
EUR 5m to EUR 233m and the fair value of KPN's interest in the 
162 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 163:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
joint venture was adjusted for the same amount to EUR 451m. See 
Note 12 for further information on Glaspoort.
Due to the limited relative size of Glaspoort to the KPN Group, 
Glaspoort did not qualify as a discontinued operation. Therefore, 
the results and cash flows of Glaspoort remained included in 
KPN’s consolidated income and cash flow statements until the 
date of completion of the transaction, whereas its assets and 
liabilities were classified on KPN’s consolidated balance sheet as 
part of the ‘assets held for sale’.
The transaction was subject to closing conditions and the 
regulatory approvals were obtained on 12 May 2021. The 
transaction resulted in a net book gain of EUR 639m, consisting 
of a book gain on the transaction of EUR 830m, included in other 
income (see Note 4.2), and a tax expense of EUR 190m. KPN’s 
50% share in the result of Glaspoort in the period between the 
transaction and 31 December 2021 was EUR -2m.
The transaction resulted in a net cash inflow of EUR 196m in 2021, 
classified as cash flow from investing activities in the Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows. This amount consists of the cash 
consideration received for the shares (EUR 233m), the transferred 
assets at closing (EUR 24m), less the share premium contribution 
(EUR 39m), transaction costs paid (EUR 8m) and EUR 15m for 
invoices paid by KPN regarding transferred assets.
Due to the specific nature, this transaction is not tax exempt. 
The total tax paid on the transaction during 2021 was EUR 197m 
based on preliminary tax assessments. As these tax payments 
are directly related to the transaction, KPN presents these taxes 
paid as part of the cash flows from investing activities due to 
separate identifiability.
Accounting policy: Business combinations
KPN uses the acquisition method to account for business 
combinations. The consideration paid is measured at the fair 
value of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued and 
liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange.
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent 
liabilities assumed are measured at their fair values at the 
acquisition date. When a business combination is achieved in 
stages, any previously held equity interest is remeasured at 
its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is 
recognized in the P&L.
Contingent considerations are recognized at fair value at 
acquisition date and subsequent changes to the fair value 
are recognized in the P&L. Contingent considerations classified 
as equity are not remeasured and subsequent settlement is 
counted for within equity.
For each business combination, KPN elects to recognize any 
non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at 
the proportionate share in the acquiree’s net assets.
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.
The excess of the consideration paid, non-controlling interests 
recognized and the acquisition date fair value of any previous 
equity interests in the acquiree over the fair value of KPN’s share 
of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If negative 
goodwill occurs (bargain purchase), the difference is recognized 
directly in the P&L.
[22] Commitments, contingencies and legal proceedings
Commitments
€ million Less than 1 year 1-5 years
More than 5 
years Total 31 December 2022 Total 31 December 2021
Capital and purchase commitments 799 268 7 1,074 1,291
Guarantees and other 3 - 132 135 131
Total commitments 802 269 139 1,209 1,422
The capital and purchase commitments mainly relate to minimum 
contractual obligations with regard to network operations, mobile 
handsets and telco services, and lease contracts that have not 
yet commenced.
163 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 164:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Guarantees consist of financial obligations of group companies 
under certain contracts guaranteed by KPN. A total amount of 
EUR 135m relates to parent guarantees (2021: EUR 131m). The 
table presented above does not include KPN's commitment on 
share premium contributions regarding Glaspoort of EUR 163m 
(31 December 2021: EUR 187m). See Note 12.
Contingent liabilities
KPN is involved in a number of legal and tax proceedings 
that have arisen in the ordinary course of its business and 
in discontinued operations, including commercial, regulatory 
or other proceedings. KPN periodically carefully assesses the 
likelihood that legal and tax proceedings may lead to a cash 
outflow and recognizes provisions in such matters if and when the 
chance of a cash outflow is estimated as probable and a reliable 
estimate of the cash outflow can be made. When these criteria are 
not met, such matters are classified as contingent liabilities, unless 
the cash outflow is considered remote.
However, the outcome of such proceedings can be difficult to 
predict with certainty and KPN can offer no assurances in this 
regard. In some cases, the impact of a legal proceeding may be 
more strategic than financial and such impact cannot properly 
be quantified. Below is a description of legal related contingent 
liabilities that could have a material impact for KPN.
Idle cables
See Note 18 for a contingent liability related to idle cables and the 
accounting policy of provisions.
Indemnification
In KPN’s Articles of Association and in a further decision by the 
Board of Management, which was approved by the Supervisory 
Board, KPN has indemnified the members and former members 
of KPN’s Board of Management and Supervisory Board, as well 
as a number of KPN’s officers and directors and former officers 
and directors, against liabilities, claims, judgments, fines and 
penalties incurred by such officer or director as a result of 
any threatened, pending or completed action, investigation or 
proceeding (whether civil, criminal or administrative) brought by 
a third party in relation to acts or omissions in or related to their 
capacity as officer or director.
The indemnification does not apply to claims and expenses 
reimbursed by insurers nor to an officer or a director adjudged to 
be liable for willful misconduct (‘opzet’) or intentional recklessness 
(‘bewuste roekeloosheid’).
[23] Related-party transactions
KPN considers none of the related-party transactions to be 
material on an individual basis. Transactions between group 
companies are not included in the description below as these are 
eliminated in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Transactions with shareholders
On 14 February 2023, América Móvil, S.A.B. de C.V. (AMX) 
published in its fourth quarter 2022 report that it owned 18.3% 
of KPN’s ordinary share capital as at 31 December 2022. The 
total value of sales and purchase transactions by the continuing 
operations of KPN in 2022 with AMX, its subsidiaries and 
associated companies is estimated to be less than EUR 1m and 
less than EUR 2m respectively (2021: less than EUR 1m) and total 
trade receivables and payables as at 31 December 2021 and 2022 
are estimated to be less than EUR 1m.
Other shareholdings equaling or exceeding 3% of the 
issued capital:
• On 23 December 2022, BlackRock, Inc. notified the AFM that it 
held 4.91% of the shares and 5.98% of the voting rights related 
to KPN’s ordinary share capital.
• On 16 December 2022, Amundi Asset Management notified the 
AFM that it held 4.57% of the shares and voting rights related to 
KPN’s ordinary share capital.
• On 2 August 2022, Capital Research and Management 
Company notified the AFM that it held 9.70% of the voting 
rights related to KPN’s ordinary share capital.
• On 2 June 2022, The Income Fund of America notified the 
AFM that it held 4.97% of the shares and voting rights to KPN’s 
ordinary share capital.
To KPN’s knowledge, no other shareholder owned 3% or more of 
KPN’s issued share capital as at 31 December 2022. KPN did not 
enter into agreements with AMX or other shareholders that could 
have a material impact on KPN’s Financial Statements.
Transactions with associated companies and joint ventures
On 9 June 2021, KPN sold 50% of the shares of its subsidiary 
Glaspoort B.V. and entered into a joint venture agreement with 
APG (see Note 12). As of 9 June 2021, KPN's remaining 50% 
interest in Glaspoort is classified as a joint venture and accounted 
for using the equity method. KPN is the anchor tenant on the 
network of Glaspoort and also supplies services to Glaspoort. The 
value of the services delivered to and acquired from Glaspoort 
amounted to EUR 15m and EUR 16m respectively in 2022 (EUR 5m 
and EUR 3m respectively in the period between completion of 
the sale and 31 December 2021). Furthermore, in December 2021, 
KPN, Drepana and Glaspoort signed an agreement to extend the 
scope of the fiber roll-out of Glaspoort. KPN will receive EUR 170m 
(pre-tax) from Glaspoort for the sale of the additional scope 
projects. Of this amount, EUR 60m has been received in cash 
upon closing of the transaction and the remaining amount will be 
received in annual installments based on the fiber roll-out starting 
in 2023. Trade and other receivables with respect to Glaspoort 
as at 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 1m (2021: EUR 36m), 
164 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 165:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
trade payables EUR 2m (2021: nil), non-current contract assets 
EUR 29m (2021: EUR 20m), current contract assets EUR 51m 
(2021: nil) and non-current contract liabilities EUR 16m (2021: 
EUR 49m). 
The following table provides the total value of the transactions by 
KPN with other associated and non-consolidated companies for 
the relevant year:
€ million 2022 2021
Sales in the year 39 23
Purchases in the year <1 1
Trade receivables at 31 December 2 <1
Trade payables at 31 December <1 <1
Transactions with directors and related parties
For details of the relationship between directors and the company, 
see the Remuneration Report section of this Integrated Annual 
Report. Directors in this respect are defined as key management 
and relate to those having authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing, and controlling the activities of an entity, 
either directly or indirectly. At KPN, key management consists 
of the members of the Board of Management and the 
Supervisory Board.
The members of KPN’s Board of Management and Supervisory 
Board or close members of their families are also members of 
supervisory boards or management boards of other companies 
or are shareholders of other companies, without having (joint) 
control, with which KPN maintains relations in the ordinary course 
of business. All transactions with these companies are performed 
on an arm’s length basis.
[24] Legal structure
Name of significant subsidiaries and other 
principal interests
Country 
of incorporation
KPN B.V.
- Broadband Hosting B.V. Netherlands
- CAM IT Solutions B.V. Netherlands
- E-Zorg B.V. Netherlands
- Glaspoort B.V. Netherlands
- GroupIT B.V. Netherlands
- Inspark Holding B.V. Netherlands
- KPN Finance B.V. Netherlands
- Reggefiber Group B.V. Netherlands
- Solcon Internetdiensten B.V. Netherlands
- XS4ALL Internet B.V. Netherlands
KPN Mobile N.V. Netherlands
- KPN Mobile International B.V. Netherlands
KPN Ventures B.V. Netherlands
Getronics B.V. Netherlands
- Getronics Finance Holdings B.V. Netherlands
- Getronics Pensions UK Ltd. UK
- Getronics US Operations, Inc. US
KPN Insurance Company DAC Ireland
The percentage ownership/voting interest of these entities is 
100%, except the joint venture Glaspoort B.V. in which KPN has an 
interest of 50%.
[25] Proposed appropriation of result
On outstanding Class B preferred shares, a dividend is paid out 
equal to the average of the 12-month Euribor increased by 1%. If 
the 12-month Euribor is no longer determined, the dividend on 
preference shares will be calculated based on the yield on state 
loans. Subsequently, subject to the approval of the Supervisory 
Board, the Board of Management will determine what proportion 
of net income remaining after payment of the dividend on any 
Class B preferred shares will be appropriated to the reserves. The 
part of the profit remaining after the appropriation to the reserves 
shall be at the disposal of the AGM. No Class B preferred shares 
were outstanding on 31 December 2022.
The profit of the financial year 2022 that is attributable to equity 
holders of the company amounts to EUR 760m. On 4 August 
2022, a regular interim dividend of EUR 4.8ct per ordinary share 
was paid (total amount of EUR 196m). On 23 February 2023, 
the Board of Management, with the approval of the Supervisory 
Board, appropriated EUR 181m of the profit 2022 to the other 
reserves. Taking into account the interim dividend that was paid 
165 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 166:
Consolidated Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
in August 2022, the remaining part of the profit is available for 
payment of a final dividend in respect of 2022. The Board of 
Management, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, will 
propose to the AGM to pay a final regular dividend of EUR 9.5ct 
per ordinary share in respect of 2022 (in total EUR 383m based 
on the number of outstanding shares at 31 December 2022 less 
Treasury shares held by KPN).
[26] Subsequent event
KPN has evaluated events up to publication date of these 
Financial Statements of this Integrated Annual Report and 
determined that no subsequent event activity required disclosure.
166 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 167:
Corporate Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Corporate Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December
€ million Notes 2022 2021
Total revenues and other income - -
Other operating expenses -8 -14
Total operating expenses -8 -14
Operating profit -8 -14
Finance income -1 -3
Finance costs -193 -195
Other financial results -2 -7
Intercompany interest (net) 23 -132
Financial income and expenses [A] -172 -336
Income from subsidiaries 884 1,531
Profit before income tax 704 1,181
Income taxes [B] 56 107
Profit for the year 760 1,288
167 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 168:
Corporate Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Corporate Statement of Financial Position
Before appropriation of current year result  
Assets
€ million Notes 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Non-current assets
Financial fixed assets
Investments in subsidiaries 10,785 9,883
Loan to subsidiary - 60
Derivatives 125 212
Deferred taxes 326 566
Other fixed financial assets 76 59
Total non-current assets [B] 11,313 10,780
Current assets
Accounts receivable from subsidiaries [F] 1,850 1,805
Loan to subsidiary [B] 60 -
Other receivables and accrued income 10 20
Derivatives 23 -
Income tax receivable 75 -
Other current financial assets 101 300
Cash and cash equivalents 314 708
Total current assets 2,433 2,834
Total assets 13,746 13,613
168 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 169:
Corporate Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Equity and liabilities
€ million Notes 31 December 2022 31 December 2021
Equity
Subscribed capital stock 161 168
Additional paid-in capital 7,960 8,445
Treasury shares reserve -37 -248
Hedge reserve -86 -125
Legal reserves [C] 670 516
Retained earnings [C] -6,769 -7,311
Equity attributable to holders of perpetual capital securities 990 496
Profit (loss) current year 760 1,288
Total equity attributable to equity holders 3,650 3,228
Provisions
Provisions for retirement benefit obligations 1 -
Other provisions 20 23
Total provisions [D] 21 24
Non-current liabilities
Loans from subsidiaries [E] 50 50
Borrowings [E] 4,720 5,648
Derivative financial instruments 366 64
Other non-current liabilities [G] 455 424
Total non-current liabilities 5,591 6,186
Current liabilities
Accounts payable to subsidiaries [F] 4,129 3,300
Borrowings [E] 196 676
Derivative financial instruments 1 -
Income tax payable - 17
Other current liabilities [G] 101 102
Accruals and deferred income 58 81
Total current liabilities 4,485 4,176
Total equity and liabilities 13,746 13,613
169 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 170:
Corporate Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Notes to the Corporate Financial Statements
The principles for the recognition and measurement of assets and 
liabilities and determination of the result (hereafter referred to 
as ‘accounting policies’) of the Corporate Financial Statements 
of Koninklijke KPN N.V. are the same as those applied to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements under IFRS (applying the 
option provided in Article 362 sub 8, Part 9, Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code). The Consolidated Financial Statements have 
been prepared in accordance with the IFRS (see Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements).
Investments in consolidated subsidiaries are measured at net 
asset value. Net asset value is based on the measurement of 
assets (including goodwill), provisions and liabilities, and the 
determination of profit based on the principles applied in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Expected credit losses, if any, with respect to loans granted to and 
receivables from consolidated subsidiaries are not recognized in 
these Corporate Financial Statements.
Directors’ remuneration
See Note 5 Personnel expenses to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
[A] Financial income and expenses
€ million 2022 2021
Finance income -1 -3
Interest on borrowings -190 -192
Other -3 -3
Finance costs -193 -195
Amortizable part of hedge reserve -15 -15
Amortization discontinued fair value hedges 18 21
Derivative financial instruments not qualified for 
hedge accounting -11 -17
Hedge ineffectiveness 10 -
Other -4 3
Other financial results -2 -7
Intercompany interest (net) 23 -132
Total -172 -336
Finance income included negative interest on cash balances.
Intercompany interest (net) mainly includes interest of 8.5% on an 
intercompany loan provided by KPN Mobile N.V. In the course of 
2021 this loan was waived (see Note E).
170 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 171:
Corporate Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[B] Non-current assets
€ million
Investments in 
subsidiaries 
companies
Loan to 
subsidiary1 Derivatives Deferred taxes
Other financial 
fixed assets2 Total
Balance at 1 January 2021 16,721 60 191 640 117 17,729
Exchange rate differences -11 - - - - -11
Income from group companies after taxes 1,531 - - - - 1,531
Decrease due to waiver3 -8,414 - - - - -8,414
Capital contributions 2 - - - - 2
Movements paid collaterals - - - - -61 -61
Fair value adjustments - - 21 - - 21
Use of tax loss carry forward - - - -73 - -73
Other 55 - - -2 3 56
Total changes -6,838 - 21 -75 -58 -6,949
Balance at 31 December 2021 9,883 60 212 566 59 10,780
Exchange rate differences 12 - - - - 12
Income from group companies after taxes 884 - - - - 884
Movements paid collaterals - - - - 18 18
Capital contributions 1 - - - - 1
Reclassification to current - -60 - - - -60
Fair value adjustments - - -86 - - -86
Use of tax loss carry forward - - - -224 - -224
Other 5 - - -16 - -11
Total changes 902 -60 -86 -240 18 534
Balance at 31 December 2022 10,785 - 125 326 76 11,313
1 Loan to KPN Finance B.V., which is repayable on 28 September 2023 at the latest and is subordinated to all other loans, obligations and creditors. Annual interest is 4.6%. At 31 December 2022 this 
loan has been reclassified as a current asset
2 Other financial fixed assets mainly includes paid collaterals regarding derivative financial instruments and energy contracts
3 Decrease relates to the waiver of the loan payable to KPN Mobile N.V. (see Note E)
Taxation
The Corporate Financial Statements on behalf of Koninklijke KPN 
N.V. are prepared as if the company is independently subject to 
corporate income tax, so excluding the offset of profits within the 
tax group, of which the entity is the parent.
As a result, the company reports a tax benefit for the tax-
deductible interest and no tax on the result of consolidated 
entities as the tax of these entities is booked at the level of the 
entity itself.
The company’s deferred tax asset represents the future tax relief 
on taxable profits (within the tax group) due to available losses 
and is higher than reported on consolidated level, since the asset 
can be offset against deferred tax liabilities reported in other 
entities that are part of the same tax group.
[C] Equity attributable to equity holders
For a breakdown of equity attributable to equity holders, see the 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and related Notes. 
On 8 November 2019, KPN issued a EUR 500m hybrid bond with 
a 2.00% coupon and on 13 September 2022 a EUR 500m hybrid 
bond with a coupon of 6.00%, both with a perpetual maturity. 
These bonds are classified as equity and valued at net proceeds 
(see Note 13.2).
171 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 172:
Corporate Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Legal reserves (net of tax)
€ million
Revaluation 
reserves1
Cumulative 
translation
adjustments
Capitalized 
software 
development 
costs2
Fair value 
reserve equity 
investments
Solvency capital 
requirement3 Total
Balance at 1 January 2021 14 22 90 8 15 149
Addition/release (-) retained earnings 350 - 19 5 - 374
Exchange rate differences - -7 - - - -7
Balance at 31 December 2021 364 15 109 13 15 516
Addition/release (-) retained earnings -6 - 139 14 5 152
Exchange rate differences - 2 - - - 2
Balance at 31 December 2022 358 17 248 27 20 670
1 Relates to the equity investment in Glaspoort (see Note 21 of the Consolidated Financial Statements) and property, plant and equipment of EUR 347m and EUR 11m respectively at 31 December 2022 
(2021: EUR 352m and EUR 12m respectively). All amounts net of tax
2 In 2022, the method to determine the reserve for capitalised development costs was amended and now also includes the costs charged by third parties
3 This is the amount of funds that KPN Insurance Company DAC is required to hold under the European Union’s Solvency II directive
Pursuant to Dutch law, there are limitations on the distribution 
of equity attributable to equity holders. Such limitations relate to 
the subscribed capital stock as well as to legal reserves required 
by Dutch law as presented above. Dutch law also requires that 
in determining the amount for distribution, the company’s ability 
to continue to pay its debt must be taken into account. The 
total distributable reserves, which include the perpetual capital 
securities, amounted to EUR 2,818m as at 31 December 2022 
(2021: EUR 2,545m).
Retained earnings
Movements in retained earnings
€ million 2022 2021
Balance at 1 January -7,311 -6,977
Change in accounting policy -11 -
Profit of previous year 1,288 560
Coupon perpetual hybrid bond -17 -10
Dividend ordinary shares -571 -554
Actuarial gain/loss pensions and other post-
employment plans (net of tax) 5 52
Fair value adjustment equity investments 10 5
Release/addition legal reserves (except cumulative 
translation adjustments) -152 -374
Share-based compensation -9 -14
Balance at 31 December -6,769 -7,311
Retained earnings reconciled with the Consolidated 
Statement of Financial Position
€ million 2022 2021
Retained earnings as per Consolidated Statement 
of Financial Position -5,356 -5,523
Revaluation reserves -358 -364
Capitalized software development costs -248 -109
Fair value reserve equity investments -27 -13
Other non-distributable reserves -20 -15
Profit for the year -760 -1,288
Retained earnings as per Corporate Statement of 
Financial Position -6,769 -7,311
172 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 173:
Corporate Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[D] Provisions
Movements in provisions
€ million
Retirement 
benefit
obligations
Other 
provisions Total
Balance at 1 January 2021 7 24 31
Additions/releases to income - 3 3
Usage -7 -3 -10
Balance at 31 December 2021 - 23 23
Additions/releases to income 1 3 4
Usage - -6 -6
Balance at 31 December 2022 1 20 21
The provisions for retirement benefit obligations relate to 
early retirement plans (see Note 17 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements).
[E] Loans from subsidiaries and borrowings
Loans from subsidiaries (non-current) included a loan payable 
to KPN Mobile N.V., which bore interest of 8.5% and had to 
be repaid in full, including accrued interest, in 2034. In 2021, 
an amount of EUR 8,414m was waived, after which there is no 
further amount outstanding. The balance as at 31 December 2022 
of EUR 50m consists of a short-term roll-over loan from KPN 
Insurance Company DAC, which bears an interest of 6-month 
EURIBOR plus 0.3%.
Non-current borrowings as at 31 December 2022 include senior 
bonds outstanding for EUR 4,720m (2021: EUR 5,120m) and no 
hybrid bonds outstanding (2021: EUR 529m). Current borrowings 
as at 31 December 2022 include no senior bonds outstanding 
(2021: EUR 616m) and hybrid bonds outstanding for EUR 136m 
(2021: no hybrid bonds outstanding). On 1 March 2022, KPN 
redeemed the 4.25% EUR 616m senior bond in line with its 
scheduled maturity. No new senior bonds have been issued 
during the year. On 21 September 2022, KPN tendered the 7% 
USD 600m hybrid bond and repurchased USD 454m notional 
amount, with USD 146m remaining outstanding after the tender 
offer. The hybrid bond had been swapped to a principal amount 
of EUR 465m and KPN effectively retired EUR 352m notional 
amount. Furthermore, borrowings increased by EUR 20m due to 
echange differences and decreased by EUR 359m due to fair value 
adjustments. See also Note 13.2 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for further information about KPN's senior and hybrid 
bonds outstanding.
KPN set up a Euro-Commercial Paper Program under which KPN 
can issue short-term debt instruments for up to EUR 1 billion. As 
at 31 December 2022, current borrowings include the outstanding 
balance of commercial paper of EUR 60m (2021: EUR 60m).
[F] Accounts receivable from and accounts payable 
to subsidiaries
Koninklijke KPN N.V. operates a cash pool for the KPN Group, 
which leads to accounts receivable from and accounts payable 
to subsidiaries. In 2022, accounts receivable from subsidiaries 
increased, mainly due to Capex and other investments made 
by subsidiaries. Accounts payable to subsidiaries also increased, 
mainly due to cash flows from operating activities generated 
by subsidiaries. Accounts receivable from subsidiaries (net) at 
31 December 2022 includes a current income tax position of the 
subsidiaries which are included in the fiscal unity of Koninklijke 
KPN N.V. of EUR 79m. Accounts payable to subsidiaries (net) at 
31 December 2022 is offset by a current income tax position of the 
subsidiaries, which are included in the fiscal unity of Koninklijke 
KPN N.V. of EUR 188m.
Most of these current accounts have an indefinite duration. 
The interest is determined annually and based on the 12-month 
Euribor increased by 0.15% and a risk premium attached by the 
market to the specific KPN credit risk.
[G] Other non-current and current liabilities
Other non-current liabilities includes a EUR 300m credit facility 
from the European Investment Bank, which KPN has fully drawn 
at year-end 2022 and 2021. This loan has a floating interest 
rate referenced to 3-month Euribor and a single repayment on 
2 August 2027. The interest for the current interest period was 
fixed at 2.64% per annum. Also included at 31 December 2022 
is EUR 103m of collateral received (2021: EUR 70m) as security 
under derivative financial instruments and energy contracts, both 
in 2022 and 2021, EUR 49m borrowings under private placements.
Current liabilities consists of VAT payable of the KPN fiscal unity.
173 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 174:
Corporate Financial Statements
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
[H] Commitments and contingencies
Commitments by virtue of guarantees amounted to EUR 135m 
(2021: EUR 131m).
KPN has issued several declarations of joint and several liabilities 
for various group companies in compliance with Article 403, Book 
2 of the Dutch Civil Code. These declarations of joint and several 
liabilities for group companies are included in a complete list of 
subsidiaries and participating interests, which is available at the 
offices of the Chamber of Commerce in Rotterdam.
Rotterdam, 23 February 2023
Board of Management Supervisory Board
Joost Farwerck Gerard van de Aast
Chris Figee Catherine Guillouard
Jean-Pascal Van Overbeke Peter Hartman
Marieke Snoep Kitty Koelemeijer
Babak Fouladi Edzard Overbeek
Hilde Garssen Alejandro Plater
Jolande Sap
Chantal Vergouw
174 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 175:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Statutory provisions on allocation of profit
Under Article 31 of the Articles of Association of KPN, a dividend 
shall first be paid oud on outstanding (if any) Class B preferred 
shares, equal to the average of the 12-month Euribor increased 
by 1%. Subsequently, subject to the approval of the Supervisory 
Board, the Board of Management will determine what proportion 
of net income remaining after payment of the dividend on any 
Class B preferred shares will be appropriated to the reserves. The 
part of the profit remaining after the appropriation to the reserves 
shall be at the disposal of the AGM. The Board of Management, 
subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, shall make a 
proposal to the AGM for the dividend to be paid. The Board of 
Management, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, 
may also resolve to distribute an interim dividend. The relevant 
provisions of Dutch law remain applicable.
175 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 176:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Combined independent auditor’s report and assurance report
To: Shareholders and members of the Supervisory Board of 
Koninklijke KPN N.V. (KPN),
Report on the financial statements 2022, including 
the country-by-country reporting, and sustainability 
information included in the KPN Integrated Annual 
Report 2022
Our conclusions
Our opinion on the financial statements
We have audited the financial statements 2022 of Koninklijke KPN 
N.V. based in Rotterdam, the Netherlands (hereinafter: KPN or the 
company). The financial statements comprise the consolidated 
and corporate financial statements.
In our opinion:
• The accompanying consolidated financial statements give a 
true and fair view of the financial position of KPN as at 
31 December 2022 and of its result and its cash flows for 2022 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 
of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
• The accompanying corporate financial statements give a true 
and fair view of the financial position of KPN as at 31 December 
2022 and of its result for 2022 in accordance with Part 9 of Book 
2 of the Dutch Civil Code
Our opinion on the country-by-country reporting included in the 
financial statements
We have audited the country-by-country reporting 2022 of 
Koninklijke KPN N.V. based in Rotterdam, the Netherlands 
included in the financial statements as disclosed in Appendix 
12: Tax overview for continuing operations per country.
In our opinion the country-by-country reporting 2022 of KPN is 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting 
requirements under Disclosure 207-4 of Standard 207: Tax of 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) as issued by the Global 
Sustainability Standards Board.
Our conclusions on the sustainability information
We have reviewed the sustainability information in the 
accompanying KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022 (hereinafter: 
the Integrated Annual Report). A review is aimed at obtaining a 
limited level of assurance.
Based on our review procedures performed, nothing has come 
to our attention that causes us to believe that the sustainability 
information in scope does not present, in all material respects, a 
reliable and adequate view of:
• the policy and business operations with regard to 
sustainability; and
• the thereto related events and achievements for 2022
in accordance with the reporting criteria as included in the section 
"Reporting criteria" of our report.
Furthermore, we have audited the CO2e emission data 2022 
(Scope 1 and 2) of KPN's own operations in the Netherlands 
and the underlying energy data. The scope of our engagements 
is described in the section “The scope of our engagements” of 
our report.
In our opinion, the CO2e emission data 2022 (Scope 1 and 2) 
of KPN's own operations in the Netherlands and the underlying 
energy data as presented in table “CO2e emissions and energy 
management” on page 52 of the Integrated Annual Report are 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting 
criteria as included in the section "Reporting criteria" of our report.
The scope of our assurance engagements is described in the 
section “The scope of our Engagements” of our report.
Basis for our conclusions
We conducted our assurance engagements in accordance with 
Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing and 
the Dutch Standard 3810N, “Assurance engagements relating 
to sustainability reports”, which is a specified Dutch Standard 
that is based on the International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) ”Assurance engagements 
other than audits or reviews of historical financial information”. 
Our responsibilities under these standards are further described 
in the section "Our responsibilities" of our report.
We believe the assurance evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusions.
Our independence
We are independent of KPN in accordance with the EU 
Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of 
public-interest entities, the Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties 
(Wta, Audit firms supervision act), the Verordening inzake de 
onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten 
(ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation 
176 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 177:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
with respect to independence) and other relevant independence 
regulations in the Netherlands. This means that we do not 
perform any activities that could result in a conflict of interest 
with our independent assurance engagements. Furthermore, we 
have complied with the Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels 
accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics).
Reporting criteria
The information in the scope of our engagements needs to 
be read and understood together with the reporting criteria. 
The reporting criteria used for the preparation of the Integrated 
Annual Report are described below.
The absence of an established practice on which to draw, 
to evaluate and measure sustainability information allows for 
different, but acceptable, measurement techniques and can affect 
comparability between entities and over time.
Consolidated Financial Statements: International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European 
Union (EU-IFRS) and Part 9 of Book 2 of 
the Dutch Civil Code.
Corporate Financial Statements Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
Country-by-country reporting 
included in the financial statements
The reporting requirements under 
Disclosure 207-4 of Standard 207: Tax 
of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
as issued by the Global Sustainability 
Standards Board.
Sustainability information including 
the CO2e emission data 2022 (Scope 
1 and 2) and the underlying 
energy data
The Sustainability Reporting Standards 
of the GRI (GRI Standards), 
the Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
as supplemented with Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 
and Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2178 (hereinafter: EU 
Taxonomy) and the applied 
supplemental KPN reporting criteria 
as disclosed in Appendix 1: About 
this report, Appendix 3: Materiality 
assessment and section “Scoping 
and calculation methodologies” in 
Appendix 11: Environmental figures of 
the Integrated Annual Report 2022.
The GRI Standards used are listed in 
the GRI Content Index as disclosed in 
Appendix 13: GRI Index of the Integrated 
Annual Report 2022.
The scope of our engagements
Our engagements scope
The Integrated Annual Report 2022 consists of the financial 
statements and other information (including the Report by 
the Board of Management, Governance and the Report by 
the Supervisory Board), that provide altogether an overview 
of the policies, activities, events and performances related to 
both the financial position, results, cash flow, remuneration as 
well as the sustainable development of KPN and other non-
financial information.
The following information in the Integrated Annual Report 2022 
has been in scope for our assurance engagements:
• The consolidated financial statements, comprising:
– The Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 
31 December 2022
– The Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss, Other 
Comprehensive Income, Changes in Equity and Cash Flows 
for 2022
– The Notes comprising a summary of the significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory information
• The corporate financial statements, comprising:
– The Corporate Statement of Financial Position as at 
31 December 2022
– The Corporate Statement of Profit or Loss for 2022
– The Notes comprising a summary of the accounting policies 
and other explanatory information
– The country-by-country reporting 2022 included in the 
financial statements as disclosed in Appendix 12: Tax overview 
for continuing operations per country
• The sustainability information 2022 in scope comprising:
– Reasonable assurance - The CO2e emission data 2022 (Scope 
1 and 2) of KPN's own operations in the Netherlands and the 
underlying energy data as presented in table “CO2e emissions 
and energy management” on page 52 of the Integrated 
Annual Report 2022
– Limited assurance - The sustainability information in the 
following chapters and appendices:
– Chapter: ‘Report by the Board of Management’
– Appendices: Appendix 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 13 and 15 of the 
Integrated Annual Report 2022
177 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 178:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Limitations to the scope of our assurance engagement on the 
sustainability information
The sustainability information in scope includes prospective 
information, such as ambitions, strategy, plans, expectations, 
estimates and risk assessments. Inherent to prospective 
information, the actual future results are uncertain. We do not 
provide any assurance on the assumptions and achievability of 
prospective information in the sustainability information in scope.
We refer to the inherent measurement uncertainty relating to 
the quantification of CO2e emissions described in Appendix 
11: Environmental figures in the Integrated Annual Report 
2022. Quantification of CO2e emissions is subject to inherent 
measurement uncertainty due to the use of variables such 
as emissions factors that are used in mathematical models to 
calculate CO2e emissions, and the inability of those models, 
due to incomplete scientific knowledge and other factors, to 
accurately measure under all circumstances the relationship 
between various inputs and the resultant CO2e emissions.
The references to external sources or websites in the 
sustainability information are not part of the sustainability 
information as assured by us. We therefore do not provide 
assurance on this information.
Our conclusions are not modified in respect of these matters.
Information in support of our opinion on the financial 
statements and the country-by-country reporting 
included in the financial statements
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of 
the financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion 
thereon. The following information in support of our opinion and 
any findings were addressed in this context, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion or conclusion on these matters.
Our understanding of the business
KPN is a telecommunications and IT provider in the Netherlands, 
offering fixed and mobile telephony, fixed and mobile broadband 
internet and TV to retail and business customers. KPN offers in 
the Netherlands infrastructure and network-related IT solutions 
to business customers. KPN also provides wholesale network 
services to third parties. KPN is head of a group of entities, both 
in the Netherlands and abroad. The Dutch entities and segments 
thereby form the majority of the business. We have tailored our 
group audit approach accordingly. We paid specific attention in 
our audit to a number of areas driven by the operations of the 
group and our risk assessment.
We determined materiality and identified and assessed the risks 
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error in order to design audit procedures responsive 
to those risks and to obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Materiality
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of these financial statements and the country-by-
country reporting included in the financial statements. The 
materiality affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit 
procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified 
misstatements on our opinion.
Materiality EUR 45,000,000
Benchmark used 2.0% of adjusted earnings before interest, 
tax, depreciation and amortization after 
lease (EBITDA AL).
Additional explanation The users of the financial statements of a 
for-profit entity typically focus on operating 
performance, particularly profit before tax. 
Over the past years KPN’s profit before 
tax heavily fluctuated, resulting from the 
impact of the discontinuance of operations 
and other non-recurring transactions.
Furthermore, we note that in KPN’s external 
communications, adjusted earnings before 
interest, tax, depreciation and amortization 
after lease (EBITDA AL) is commonly 
used to report on financial performance. 
Considering these aspects, we have 
concluded that EBITDA AL is the most 
appropriate and stable benchmark for KPN 
to base our materiality upon.
We determined materiality consistent with 
last year.
We have also taken into account misstatements and/or possible 
misstatements that in our opinion are material for the users of the 
financial statements for qualitative reasons.
We agreed with the Supervisory Board that misstatements in 
the financial statements in excess of EUR 2.25 million, would be 
reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our view 
must be reported on qualitative grounds.
Our scope for the group audit of the financial statements
KPN is head of a group of entities, both in the Netherlands and 
abroad. The financial information of all these entities has been 
included in the consolidated financial statements.
Because we are ultimately responsible for the opinion, we are 
also responsible for directing, supervising and performing the 
group audit. In this respect we have determined the nature and 
extent of the audit procedures to be carried out for group entities. 
Decisive were the size and/or the risk profile of the group entities 
or operations. On this basis, we selected group entities for which 
178 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 179:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
an audit or review had to be carried out on the complete set of 
financial information or specific items.
Our group audit mainly focused on the more significant 
segments, including Consumer, Business, Wholesale and Network, 
Operations and IT ("NOI"). We performed full scope audit 
procedures on the financial information of these segments.
At other group entities we performed specific audit procedures 
or review procedures. We audited the group consolidation, 
financial disclosures and a number of complex items ourselves 
at the company’s head office. These included revenue assurance, 
taxation including tax related contingent liabilities, fixed 
assets and goodwill impairment, pensions, derivative financial 
instruments, hedge accounting, joint venture accounting and 
share-based payments. We involved several EY specialists to 
assist the audit team, including specialists from our tax, valuations, 
actuarial and treasury departments.
By performing audit procedures at segment and at corporate level 
as mentioned above, we have been able to obtain sufficient 
and appropriate audit evidence about the group’s financial 
information to provide an opinion about the consolidated 
financial statements.
Our focus on climate risks and the energy transition
Climate change and the energy transition are high on the public 
agenda. Issues such as CO₂ reduction impact financial reporting, 
as these issues entail risks for the business operation, the 
valuation of assets ("stranded assets") and provisions or the 
sustainability of the business model and access to financial 
markets of companies with a larger CO₂ footprint.
Management summarized KPN’s commitments and obligations, 
and reported in the Report by the Board of Management how KPN 
is addressing climate-related and environmental risks. As part of 
our audit of the financial statements, we evaluated the extent to 
which climate-related risks and the effects of the energy transition 
and the company’s commitments and (constructive) obligations, 
are taken into account in estimates and significant assumptions as 
well as in the design of relevant internal control measures by KPN. 
Furthermore, we read the Report by the Board of Management 
and considered whether there is any material inconsistency 
between the non-financial information in the sections “Our 
value for stakeholders”, “Our performance” and in Appendix 3: 
Materiality Assessment, and the financial statements.
Based on the audit procedures performed, we do not deem 
climate-related risks to have a material impact on the financial 
reporting judgements, estimates or significant assumptions as at 
31 December 2022.
Our focus on fraud and non-compliance with laws 
and regulations
Our responsibility
Although we are not responsible for preventing fraud or non-
compliance and we cannot be expected to detect non-compliance 
with all laws and regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain 
reasonable assurance that the financial statements, taken as a 
whole, are free from material misstatement, whether caused by 
fraud or error. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Our audit response related to fraud risks
We identify and assess the risks of material misstatements of the 
financial statements due to fraud. During our audit we obtained 
an understanding of the company and its environment and the 
components of the system of internal control, including the risk 
assessment process and the Board of Management’s (hereinafter: 
management) process for responding to the risks of fraud and 
monitoring the system of internal control and how the supervisory 
board exercises oversight, as well as the outcomes. 
We refer to section "Compliance and Risk" of the Board of 
Management report for management’s fraud risk assessment and 
section "Audit Committee" of the "Supervisory Board Report" in 
which the Supervisory Board reflects on the fraud risk assessment.
We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system 
of internal control and in particular the fraud risk assessment, 
as well as the code of conduct, whistle blower procedures 
and incident registration. We evaluated the design and the 
implementation and, where considered appropriate, tested the 
operating effectiveness, of internal controls designed to mitigate 
fraud risks.
As part of our process of identifying fraud risks, we evaluated 
fraud risk factors with respect to financial reporting fraud, 
misappropriation of assets and bribery and corruption in close 
co-operation with our forensic specialists. We evaluated whether 
these factors indicate that a risk of material misstatement due to 
fraud is present.
We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our assurance 
engagements. We considered the outcome of our other audit 
procedures and evaluated whether any findings were indicative of 
fraud or non-compliance.
As in all our audits, we addressed the risks related to management 
override of controls. For these risks we have performed 
procedures among others to evaluate key accounting estimates 
for management bias that may represent a risk of material 
misstatement due to fraud, in particular relating to important 
judgment areas and significant accounting estimates as disclosed 
179 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 180:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
in section “Significant accounting estimates, judgments and 
assumptions made by management” of Note 2 to the financial 
statements. We have also used data analysis to identify and 
address high-risk journal entries and evaluated the business 
rationale (or the lack thereof) of significant extraordinary 
transactions, including those with related parties.
When identifying and assessing fraud risks we presumed that 
there are risks of fraud in revenue recognition. We considered 
that this risk would primarily impact the corporate clients 
revenue cycle within the business segment and we designed and 
performed our audit procedures relating to revenue recognition 
responsive to this presumed fraud risk. 
These risks did however not require significant auditor’s attention 
during our audit.
We considered available information and made enquiries of 
relevant executives, directors (including the CFO, KPN Audit, 
KPN Risk Management, legal, compliance, human resources and 
segment management) and the Supervisory Board.
The fraud risks we identified, enquiries and other available 
information did not lead to specific indications for fraud or 
suspected fraud potentially materially impacting the view of the 
financial statements.
Our audit response related to risks of non-compliance with laws 
and regulations
We performed appropriate audit procedures regarding 
compliance with the provisions of those laws and regulations 
that have a direct effect on the determination of material amounts 
and disclosures in the financial statements. Furthermore, we 
assessed factors related to the risks of non-compliance with laws 
and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a 
material effect on the financial statements from our general 
industry experience, through discussions with management, 
reading minutes, inspection of internal audit and compliance 
reports, and performing substantive tests of details of classes of 
transactions, account balances or disclosures.
We also inspected lawyers’ letters and correspondence with 
regulatory authorities and remained alert to any indication of 
(suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit. Finally, we 
obtained written representations that all known instances of 
non-compliance with laws and regulations have been disclosed 
to us.
Our audit response related to going concern
As disclosed in section "Basis of preparation" in Note 2 to 
the financial statements, the financial statements have been 
prepared on a going concern basis. When preparing the financial 
statements, management made a specific assessment of the 
company’s ability to continue as a going concern and to continue 
its operations for at least the next 12 months after the preparation 
of the Integrated Annual Report.
We discussed and evaluated the assessment with management 
exercising professional judgment and maintaining professional 
skepticism. We considered whether management’s going concern 
assessment, based on our knowledge and understanding 
obtained through our audit of the financial statements or 
otherwise, contains all events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion.
Based on our procedures performed, we did not identify serious 
doubts on KPN’s ability to continue as a going concern for 
the next 12 months. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our combined independent 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
a company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements. We have communicated the key audit matters 
to the Supervisory Board. The key audit matters are not a 
comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed.
The key audit matter “Accounting treatment Joint Venture 
Glaspoort”, which was included in our last year’s auditor’s report, is 
not considered a key audit matter for this year as this was related 
to one off transactions with Drepana Investments Holding B.V., an 
investment entity managed by APG. Instead, we added a key audit 
matter on the Valuation of the Joint Venture Glaspoort.
General observation
For the audit of the financial statements, we make use of KPN’s 
internal control framework and its governance. The framework 
is maintained by the business and continuously tested by KPN 
Risk Management and KPN Audit. The Management Board and 
Audit Committee are being informed of the outcome of the tests 
performed on a quarterly basis. For purposes of our audit, we 
assessed the adequacy of the framework and we test the work 
of KPN Risk Management and KPN Audit. We believe that KPN’s 
internal control framework meets the required criteria and it 
allows us to perform a system-based audit in an effective manner.
The key audit matters addressed below are all covered by KPN’s 
internal control framework and have been audited by us with 
satisfactory results. We highlight the most important elements we 
focused on in 2022.
180 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 181:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Key audit matter Our audit approach Key observations
Valuation of (in)tangible assets, including goodwill
Under IFRS, it is required to annually test the amount of goodwill 
and other intangible assets with an indefinite life for impairment. 
KPN’s disclosures about goodwill and other intangible assets are 
included in Note 11.
No impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets with 
indefinite life were recorded during 2022.
On assets with finite lives an impairment test has to be performed 
if indications of impairment exist.
Some triggering events were identified, for example in the area of 
hardware and software that required impairment testing and for 
which minor impairments were recorded, as included in Note 10 
and 11.
The valuation of (in)tangible assets, including goodwill is 
considered a key audit matter as the impairment tests were 
important for our audit as the related asset amounts are 
significant and the assessment process itself is complex and 
requires judgment. The impairment test includes assumptions 
about future market or economic conditions.
We compared forecasted revenue and profit margins for all 
(groups of) cash generating units with the approved KPN 
strategic plan. We also verified the assumptions to which the 
outcome of the impairment test is most sensitive and reviewed 
the company’s statement that the headroom of the (groups 
of) CGU’s is more than sufficient and therefore no sensitivity 
analysis needs to be disclosed.
Our audit procedures included, among others, using EY 
valuation specialists to assist us in verifying the assumptions 
and methodologies used by KPN and evaluating the historical 
accuracy of management’s estimates that drive the assessment, 
such as strategic plans and expected growth rates.
We concur with management that 
there is no need for impairments 
of goodwill and other (in)tangible 
assets with (in)definite life (other 
then already recorded during 2022) 
and agree with the disclosures.
We concur with management on the 
impairments recorded.
Recognition of deferred tax assets
At 31 December 2022 deferred tax assets (DTA) of EUR 261 million 
are recognized and related disclosures are included in Note 8 to 
the financial statements.
KPN assessed whether the DTA can be recovered and sufficient 
sources of income are available. KPN provided a recoverability 
analysis based on the current loss compensation rules. The 
outcome of the analyses is that the DTA can be recognized for 
the full amount, with the exception of losses relating to foreign 
jurisdictions that are not expected to materialize in foreseeable 
future, as disclosed in Note 8.
The recognition of deferred tax assets is considered a key audit 
matter as the assessment process is complex and judgmental 
and is based on assumptions about expected future market or 
economic conditions.
Our audit procedures related to the deferred tax assets 
included, amongst others, using EY tax specialists to 
assist us in verifying and interpreting the agreements 
(vaststellingsovereenkomsten) and other agreements reached 
with the Dutch Tax Authorities as well as evaluating the 
assumptions, such as expected future taxable income and 
methodologies used by the company. In addition, the EY tax 
specialists assessed whether DTAs are at risk due to exposures 
which could lead to adjustments of the Net Operating Losses.
This entailed reviewing KPN’s latest approved strategic plan. 
We discussed this plan with management and determined 
the reasonableness of the assumptions used regarding the 
recoverability of the deferred tax assets and assessed the plan’s 
assumptions and sensitivities and evaluating the historical 
accuracy of management’s estimates that drive the assessment 
taking into account the specific requirements stated in IAS12.
We concur with the recorded deferred 
tax assets and the disclosures.
Reliability of IT systems, including security, cybercrime and 
data privacy
At KPN, processes are highly automated and KPN continuously 
invests in simplification and improvement of IT systems.
Reliability and security of IT systems are thereby high on the 
agenda of KPN and for that purpose KPN’s internal control 
framework includes several controls to ensure, inter alia, proper 
identity, access and change management of its IT systems. 
The reliability of IT systems, including security, cybercrime and 
data privacy is considered a key audit matter as it is key for KPN’s 
activities and financial reporting.
As part of our audit, we have reviewed the quality of KPN’s IT 
systems and the controls embedded therein with a purpose to 
express an opinion on the financial statements.   
With respect to cybersecurity, we obtained an understanding of 
KPN’s security and privacy organization as well as cyber risk 
management in relation to KPN’s cyber threat landscape.
For this purpose, we performed our own procedures and 
reviewed and tested the work done by KPN Risk Management 
and KPN Audit. Since this is highly specialized work, our audit 
team includes IT specialists.
In a few instances with respect to 
our IT general control testing, we 
identified situations where controls 
needed improvement. KPN has set-
up remediation procedures that we 
have also reviewed and tested with 
satisfactory results.
Accounting treatment Joint Venture Glaspoort
On 9 June 2021 the transaction with Drepana Investments 
Holding B.V., an investment entity managed by APG, was closed 
which related to the participation in a joint venture, Glaspoort 
B.V., to roll out a fiber network in specifically identified areas 
in the Netherlands. The goodwill and intangibles relating to 
Glaspoort B.V. are included in the carrying amount of Glaspoort 
We compared forecasted revenue and profit margins for 
Glaspoort with the approved Glaspoort business plan. 
We also challenged the assumptions to which the outcome 
of the impairment test is most sensitive and reviewed the 
company’s statement that the headroom is more than sufficient 
and therefore no sensitivity analysis needs to be disclosed.
Our audit procedures included, among others, using EY 
We concur with the accounting 
treatment and the disclosures.
181 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 182:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Key audit matter Our audit approach Key observations
(EUR 489 million).
  
As disclosed in Note 12, KPN determines whether there is 
objective evidence that the investment in the joint venture is 
impaired and then determines whether the recoverable amount 
is lower than the carrying amount.
Taking into consideration the new and improved fiber offering 
that the ACM declared binding, the valuation of the joint venture 
Glaspoort is considered a key audit matter. Incorrect application 
of valuation models and/or key assumptions when determining 
the valuation may result in significant misstatements in the 
valuation of the joint venture and resulting impairment losses, 
if any.
valuation specialists to assist us in verifying the assumptions 
and methodologies used by Glaspoort and KPN and evaluating 
the historical accuracy of management’s estimates that 
drive the assessment, such as strategic plans and expected 
growth rates.
Information in support of our conclusions on 
sustainability information
Materiality
The scope of our assurance procedures is influenced by the 
application of materiality. Our assurance engagements aim to 
provide assurance about whether the sustainability information in 
scope is free from material misstatement. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in 
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
(economic) decisions of users taken on the basis of the Integrated 
Annual Report. The materiality affects the nature, timing and 
extent of our assurance procedures and the evaluation of the 
effect of identified misstatements on our conclusions.
Based on our professional judgment we determined materiality 
levels for each relevant part of the sustainability information and 
for the sustainability information as a whole. When evaluating our 
materiality levels, we have taken into account quantitative and 
qualitative considerations as well as the relevance of information 
for both stakeholders and the company.
We agreed with the Supervisory Board that misstatements which 
are identified during our assurance engagement and which in 
our view must be reported on quantitative or qualitative grounds, 
would be reported to them.
Key assurance matters
Key assurance matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgement, were of most significance in our assurance 
engagement of the sustainability information in sope. We have 
communicated the key assurance matters to the Supervisory 
Board. The key assurance matters are not a comprehensive 
reflection of all matters discussed.
The key assurance matter Disclosure of methodology for RepTrak 
Reputation score and Net Promoter Score in the Netherlands 
(customer satisfaction), which was included in our last year’s 
combined auditor’s and assurance report, is not considered a key 
assurance matter for this year as we lowered the assessed risks of 
material misstatement as result of having no findings on this topic 
in recent years.
For the assurance procedures concerning the sustainability 
information in scope, we identified the following key 
assurance matter:
Key assurance matter Our review approoach Key observations
Estimations and assumptions in Scope 3 (CO₂e emissions) and energy savings by customers
Inherent to the nature of information on Scope 3 (CO₂e emissions) 
and energy savings by customers, is that they are to a large 
extent based on the use of estimates and underlying assumptions 
as disclosed in Appendix 11: Environmental Figures of the KPN 
Integrated Annual Report 2022.
As such these calculations are complex and some degree of 
uncertainty will remain. For 2022 KPN restated the previously 
reported Scope 3 emissions, due to inflation adjustments in the 
spend-based approach and refinements of data used in the 
calculation method.
Our review procedures focused on evaluating the suitability and 
consistent application of the reporting criteria and assessing 
the reasonableness of the assumptions made. We have also 
reviewed whether the disclosures in the Report are adequate.  
Furthermore we reviewed the restated Scope 3 emissions, 
including the related disclosures.
We have also reviewed whether the disclosures in the Integrated 
Annual Report are accurate.
We assessed the reporting criteria 
as suitable and consistently applied 
and the assumptions made to 
be reasonable.
Nothing has come to our 
attention that causes us to 
believe that the calculation 
method and the restatement to 
Scope 3 (CO2e emissions) in 
prior years are inaccurate and 
insufficiently disclosed in Appendix 
11: Environmental Figures of the KPN 
Integrated Annual Report 2022.
182 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 183:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Report on other information included in the 
Integrated Annual Report
The Integrated Annual Report contains other information 
in addition to the financial statements, the country-by-
country reporting included in the financial statements, 
the sustainability information in scope and our combined 
independent auditor’s report.
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that 
the other information:
• Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain 
material misstatements
• Contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of 
the Dutch Civil Code for the management report and the other 
information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code; and as required by Sections 2:135b and 2:145 sub-section 
2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the remuneration report
• Contains the information as required under Disclosure 207-1, 
Disclosure 207-2 and Disclosure 207-3 of GRI 207: Tax.
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge 
and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial 
statements and the country-by-country reporting included in 
the financial statements, our assurance procedures on the 
sustainability information in scope or otherwise, we have 
considered whether the other information contains material 
misstatements. By performing these procedures, we comply with 
the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, 
the Dutch Standard 720. The scope of the procedures performed 
is substantially less than the scope of those performed in our 
audit of the financial statements and the country-by-country 
reporting included in the financial statements and our assurance 
procedures on the sustainability information in scope.
The Board of Management is responsible for the preparation 
of the other information, including the management report in 
accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and 
other information required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code, and including the management approach disclosures in 
accordance with the reporting requirements under Disclosure 
207-1, Disclosure 207-2 and Disclosure 207-3 of GRI 207: Tax. The 
Board of Management and the Supervisory Board are responsible 
for ensuring that the remuneration report is drawn up and 
published in accordance with Sections 2:135b and 2:145 sub 
section 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
and ESEF
Engagement
We were engaged by the Supervisory Board as auditor of 
Koninklijke KPN N.V. on 9 April 2014, as of the audit for the 
year 2015 and have operated as statutory auditor since that date.
No prohibited non-audit services
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred 
to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific requirements 
regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities.
European Single Electronic Reporting Format (ESEF)
KPN has prepared the Integrated Annual Report in ESEF. The 
requirements for this are set out in the Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/815 with regard to Regulatory Technical Standards on the 
specification of a single electronic reporting format (hereinafter: 
the RTS on ESEF).
In our opinion, the Integrated Annual Report, prepared in the 
XHTML format, including the partially marked-up consolidated 
financial statements, as included in the reporting package by KPN, 
complies in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF.
Management is responsible for preparing the Integrated Annual 
Report, including the financial statements, in accordance with 
the RTS on ESEF, whereby management combines the various 
components into a single reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our 
opinion whether the Integrated Annual Report in this reporting 
package complies with the RTS on ESEF.
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, 
including Dutch Standard 3950N "Assurance-opdrachten inzake 
het voldoen aan de criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal 
verantwoordingsdocument" (assurance engagements relating to 
compliance with criteria for digital reporting). Our examination 
included amongst others:
• obtaining an understanding of KPN’s financial reporting 
process, including the preparation of the reporting package
• Identifying and assessing the risks that the Integrated Annual 
Report does not comply in all material respects with the RTS 
on ESEF and designing and performing further assurance 
procedures responsive to those risks to provide a basis for our 
opinion, including:
-Obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to 
determine whether the reporting package containing the Inline 
XBRL instance document and the XBRL extension taxonomy 
files has been prepared in accordance with the technical 
specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF
-Examining the information related to the consolidated financial 
183 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 184:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
statements in the reporting package to determine whether all 
required mark-ups have been applied and whether these are in 
accordance with the RTS on ESEF.
Description of responsibilities
Responsibilities of Board of Management and the 
Supervisory Board
The Board of Management (hereafter: management) is 
responsible for:
• the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements 
in accordance with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code.
• the preparation of the country-by-country reporting included 
in the financial statements in accordance with the reporting 
requirements under Disclosure 207-4 of GRI 207: Tax.
• the preparation of reliable and adequate sustainability 
information in accordance with the reporting criteria as 
included in the section "Reporting criteria", including the 
identification of stakeholders and the definition of material 
matters. Management is also responsible for selecting and 
applying the reporting criteria and for determining that these 
reporting criteria are suitable for the legitimate information 
needs of stakeholders, taking into account applicable law 
and regulations related to reporting. The choices made 
by management regarding the scope of the sustainability 
information and reporting policy are included in the section 
entitled Appendix 1: “About this report” and Appendix 3: 
“Materiality assessment” in the Integrated Annual Report.
Furthermore, management is responsible for such internal 
control as management determines is necessary to enable the 
preparation of the financial statements, the preparation of the 
country-by-country reporting included in the financial statements 
and the sustainability information in scope that is free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, 
management is responsible for assessing the company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial 
reporting frameworks mentioned, management should prepare 
the financial statements using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the 
company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but 
to do so. Management should disclose events and circumstances 
that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern in the financial statements.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the KPN’s 
reporting process.
Our responsibilities
Our objective is to plan and perform the assurance engagements 
in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate 
assurance evidence for our conclusions.
Our assurance procedures aimed at obtaining reasonable 
assurance have been performed with a high, but not absolute, 
level of assurance, which means we may not detect all material 
errors and fraud during our audits.
Our review of the sustainability information is aimed at obtaining 
a limited level of assurance. The assurance procedures performed 
to obtain a limited level of assurance are aimed on the plausibility 
of information and vary in nature and timing from, and are less in 
extent, than for a reasonable assurance engagement. The level of 
assurance obtained in a review is therefore substantially less than 
the assurance obtained in an audit.
We apply the Nadere voorschriften kwaliteitssystemen (NVKS, 
Regulations for Quality management systems) and accordingly 
maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including 
documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with 
ethical requirements, professional standards and other applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements.
In addition to the "Information in support of our opinion on 
the financial statements and our opinion on the country-by-
country reporting included in the financial statements" and the 
"Information in support of our conclusions on sustainability 
information" sections above, an informative summary of the work 
performed as the basis of our conclusions is included in the Annex 
to the combined independent auditor’s report.
Amsterdam, 23 February 2023
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP
signed by J. Verhagen
184 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 185:
Other information
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Annex to the combined independent auditor’s and assurance report
Work performed
Our audit to obtain reasonable assurance about the financial statements (consolidated and corporate) and the tax information embedded further included the following:
• Identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement and the country-by-country reporting included in the financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, designing and performing audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our opinion.
• Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose 
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control.
• Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
• Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures.
• Evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Our review to obtain limited assurance about the sustainability information in scope included amongst others:
• Performing an analysis of the external environment and obtaining an understanding of relevant sustainability themes and issues and the characteristics of the company.
• Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria used, their consistent application and related disclosures in the sustainability information. This includes the 
evaluation of the results of the stakeholders’ dialogue and the reasonableness of estimates made by management.
• Obtaining through inquiries a general understanding of internal control, reporting processes and information systems relevant for the preparation of the sustainability 
information, without obtaining evidence about implementation or testing the operating effectiveness of controls
• Reconciling the relevant financial information with the financial statements.
• Obtaining an understanding of the procedures performed by the internal audit department of KPN.
• Identifying areas of the sustainability information with a higher risk of misleading or unbalanced information or material misstatements, whether due to error or fraud. 
Designing and performing further assurance procedures aimed at determining the plausibility of the sustainability information responsive to this risk analysis. These 
procedures consisted amongst others of:
-Interviewing management and relevant staff at corporate level responsible for the sustainability strategy, policies and results.
-Interviewing relevant staff responsible for providing the information for, carrying out internal control procedures on, and consolidating the data in the 
sustainability information.
-Obtaining assurance information that the sustainability information reconciles with underlying records of the company.
-Reviewing, on a limited test basis, relevant internal and external documentation.
-Performing an analytical review of the data and trends in the information submitted for consolidation at corporate level.  
• Evaluating the consistency of the sustainability information in scope with the information in the Integrated Annual Report which is not included in the scope of our 
assurance engagement.
• Evaluating the overall presentation and content of the sustainability information in scope.
• Considering whether the sustainability information as a whole, including the disclosures, reflects the purpose of the reporting criteria used.
  
In addition to the procedures mentioned above, for the CO2e emission data 2022 (Scope 1 and 2) of own operations in the Netherlands and the underlying energy data we 
designed and performed further audit procedures responsive to the risks identified, and obtained audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk that the CO2e emission data 2022 (Scope 1 and 2) of own operations in the Netherlands and the underlying energy data are misleading or unbalanced, or 
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from errors. Fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. These procedures included consisted amongst others of:
• Obtaining a more detailed understanding of systems and processes for collecting, reporting and consolidating information, including obtaining an understanding of 
internal control relevant to our audit, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control.
• Evaluating the design and implementation of the relevant internal controls during the reporting year.
• Conducting more in-depth analytical procedures and substantive testing procedures on the relevant data. Evaluating relevant internal and external documentation, on 
a test basis, to determine the reliability of the CO2e emission data 2022 (Scope 1 and 2) of own operations in the Netherlands and the underlying energy data.
Communication
We communicate with the Supervisory Board regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the assurance procedures and significant findings, including 
any significant findings in internal control that we identify during our assurance engagements. In this respect we also submit an additional report to the Audit Committee 
of the Supervisory Board in accordance with Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities. The information 
included in this additional report is consistent with our audit opinion in this auditor’s report.
We provide the Supervisory Board with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the Supervisory Board, we determine the key audit matters: those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial 
statements and the country-by-country reporting included in the financial statements, and the key assurance matters: those matters that were of most significance in the 
review of the sustainability information in scope and the audit of the CO2e emission data 2022 (Scope 1 and 2) of KPN’s own operations in the Netherlands and the underlying 
energy data of the current period. We describe these matters in our combined independent auditor’s report and assurance report unless law or regulation precludes public 
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, not mentioning it is in the public interest.
185 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 186:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 1: About this report
Scope
The Integrated Annual Report was published on 
24 February 2023.
The scope of the information in this report covers the KPN Group 
and subsidiaries in which KPN has a majority shareholding. This 
scope is the same as the previous year's report. Unless stated 
otherwise, references to KPN should be read as referring to the 
KPN Group. The entities that KPN reports on financially are the 
same as those it reports on non-financially. For our non-financial 
information, we include new acquisitions in our report as of 
the first full year of ownership. Non-financial information for 
divestments that occurred during the reporting year is excluded 
for the full year. A full list of entities included in KPN's Integrated 
Annual Report can be found in this appendix.
The data in this report refers to KPN’s performance and not to that 
of our subcontractors, unless stated otherwise. The full scope of 
the financial information is reported in the Financial Statements 
(p. 101). The reporting frequency of this report, in which KPN's 
financial and non-financial reporting are merged, is annual and 
the current period runs from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. 
The report specifically reviews developments and performance in 
2022 and is based on topics identified as highly material for KPN. 
The described scope applies to all material topics. Aspects of a 
more static nature (such as management approaches to our ESG 
themes and our stakeholders) or with less reporting priority (such 
as the list of external memberships) are included in the GRI index 
(p. 230).
The Report of the Board of Management consist of pages 4 to 79 
and Appendix 8.
Reporting criteria
The purpose of this report is to inform stakeholders about 
KPN's role in society, in connection with the main strategic 
objectives and targets. Stakeholders are defined as all people 
and organizations affected by KPN's operations or with whom 
a relationship is maintained, such as employees, governments 
and regulators, the investor community, suppliers, customers 
and society. The section Stakeholder dialogue in this appendix 
provides more information on stakeholder approach for specific 
stakeholder groups.
In preparing this Integrated Annual Report, we have taken 
the principles of the International Integrated Reporting Council 
(IIRC) into account. We comply with the EU Directive Non-
Financial Reporting (NFRD) and, where possible, have already 
considered the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD), which is expected to become effective as of 2024. 
We have also taken the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) into account. 
For the sustainability information included in this report, KPN 
follows the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards - Option 'in 
accordance with', the Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as supplemented 
with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 (hereinafter; 
EU Taxonomy) and self-developed reporting criteria as disclosed 
in this appendix and Appendix 15: Glossary. The Option - 
'in accordance with' of the GRI Standards means that KPN 
reports on all general standard disclosures and all specific 
standard disclosures related to identified material topics. We 
have taken the SASB standards into account, see Appendix 14 
SASB index (p.239). KPN recognizes the importance of disclosure 
on environmental, social and governance matters. We do so by 
integrating disclosure of this information with other financial and 
non-financial information, based on materiality considerations, in 
this Integrated Annual Report.
The process for defining the material topics and report content, 
as well as the list of material topics, is described in the materiality 
determination (see Appendix 3 Materiality assessment (p.191) ). 
The results of this assessment (list of material topics for KPN, 
including their reporting priority) determine which GRI standards 
are set out in this report and which indicators are featured only on 
the website or in the GRI index. The overview can be found in the 
GRI index (p. 230).
Quantitative data concerning the workforce and financial results 
set out in this report has been collected using our financial data 
management system. The remaining data has been collected 
using a standardized questionnaire that was completed with 
data from information management systems by the responsible 
business units. The Internal Audit and Corporate Control 
departments used the consistency and availability of supporting 
evidence as the basis for their assessment of the data reported at 
group level. Validation criteria set out in advance were also used 
to assess the data.
External assurance
EY was engaged as an independent assurance provider to 
perform an assurance engagement with the aim of obtaining 
reasonable assurance on CO2e emission data 2022 (scope 1 and 
2) of own operations in the Netherlands and the underlying 
energy data presented in this report, as well as KPN's country-by-
country reporting (Appendix 12) and limited assurance on other 
sustainability information as disclosed in the following chapters 
and appendices:  
• Chapters in the 'Report by the Board of Management'
186 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 187:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
• Appendices 1: About this report, 3: Materiality assessment, 4: 
Non-financial information, 5: TCFD, 6: NFRD, 7: EU Taxonomy, 9: 
Social figures, 10: Supply chain, 11: Environmental figures, 13: GRI 
index and 15: Glossary.
The key social and environmental figures, which are available 
in Appendices 9 and 11, are also part of this report. This 
report provides more detailed numbers on key figures that 
reflect on high material topics within the report (such as CO2e 
emissions and electricity consumption). This report also contains 
prospective information, such as ambitions, strategy, targets and 
expectations. Inherent to this information is that actual future 
results may be different from the prospective information and 
as such may be uncertain. Therefore, the assumptions and 
feasibility of this prospective information are not covered by the 
external assurance.
The Audit Committee approved every engagement of the 
external auditor, after pre-approval by the internal auditor, in 
order to avoid potential breaches of the external auditor’s 
independence. For more details we refer to the Combined 
independent auditor’s report and assurance report (p. 176).
Reporting ambitions
KPN adheres to several reporting benchmarks, such as MSCI, 
Sustainalytics and the CDP. In this way, our performance and way 
of reporting can be compared to peers and expectations from the 
industry and other stakeholders. We have long been a constituent 
of the World Index of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, but 
in the past years increasingly learnt that investors and analysts 
value other benchmarks even more. We therefore decided to shift 
our focus more to those benchmarks. Besides meeting all legal 
reporting requirements such as the expected CSRD, our reporting 
ambitions for the coming years are: to keep reporting in line with 
the IIRC framework and in accordance with GRI standards and 
SASB; to keep reporting on high material topics; to report more 
on qualitative and quantitative value creation for society; and to 
maintain a leading position in several benchmarks like the MSCI, 
Sustainalytics and CDP.
KPN subsidiaries and significant participations per 31-12-2022
LEGAL ENTITY NAME
COUNTRY 
OF RESIDENCE
(ultimate) 
OWNERSHIP (%) TYPE
NUMBER OF OWN 
PERSONNEL (FTE)
KPN B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company 5,001-10,000
Broadband Hosting B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company 11-100
CAM IT Solutions B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company 11-100
Digitenne B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
E-Zorg B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Getronics PinkRoccade Overheidspersoneel B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company <10
GroupIT B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
Inspark Holding B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
InSpark B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company 101-500
IS Group LLC US 100% Dormant -
Itzos B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company 11-100
KPN Finance B.V. Netherlands 100% Finance / Insurance company -
KPN Mobile The Netherlands B.V. i.L.1 Netherlands 100% Dormant -
KPN Public Safety Services B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
Routit B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Routit GmbH i.L.1 Germany 100% Operational company -
Solcon Internetdiensten B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company 11-100
Talk & Vision Holding B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
Talk & Vision B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Talos Labs B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
TetraNed v.o.f. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
XS4ALL Internet B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Reggefiber Group B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
Reggefiber Operator B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Reggefiber ttH B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Glasvezelnet Amsterdam B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
187 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 188:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
LEGAL ENTITY NAME
COUNTRY 
OF RESIDENCE
(ultimate) 
OWNERSHIP (%) TYPE
NUMBER OF OWN 
PERSONNEL (FTE)
Netwerk Exploitatiemaatschappij B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Netwerk Exploitatiemaatschappij Nuenen B.V. Netherlands 5% Operational company -
Netwerkexploitatiemaatschappij Berg en Dal B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Netwerkexploitatiemaatschappij Lingewaard B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Netwerkexploitatiemaatschappij Westerveld B.V. Netherlands 100% Operational company -
Glaspoort B.V. Netherlands 50% Operational company 11-100
Getronics B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
Getronics Finance Holdings B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
Getronics Pensions UK Ltd UK 100% Pension company -
Getronics Pensions UK Trustee Ltd UK 100% Pension company -
Getronics US Services, Inc. US 100% Holding company -
Getronics US Operations, Inc. US 100% Pension company -
CSC CompuCom Systems Holding Co-Investment LLC US 77,42% Dormant -
KPN Insurance Company DAC Ireland 100% Finance / Insurance company -
KPN Mobile Holding B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
E-PCPM Geschäftsführungs GmbH i.L.1 Germany 100% Dormant -
KPN Mobile N.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
KPN Mobile International B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
KPN Mobile Germany III B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
E-PCPM GmbH & Co KG Germany 100% Dormant -
KPN Ventures B.V. Netherlands 100% Holding company -
1 In liquidation
188 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 189:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 2: Alternative performance measures
In the discussion of KPN’s financial results, a number of 
alternative performance measures (non-GAAP figures) are used 
to provide readers with additional financial information that is 
regularly reviewed by management. These non-GAAP figures 
should not be viewed as a substitute for KPN’s financial 
results as determined in accordance with IFRS, which are 
presented in KPN’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Also, the 
additional information presented is not uniformly defined by 
all companies, including KPN’s peers. Therefore, the non-GAAP 
figures presented may not be comparable with similarly named 
numbers and disclosures by other companies. In addition, readers 
should be aware that certain information presented is derived 
from amounts determined under IFRS, but is not in itself an 
expressly defined GAAP measure. Such non-GAAP measures 
should not be viewed in isolation or as an alternative to an 
equivalent GAAP measure.
KPN’s management considers these non-GAAP figures, 
combined with GAAP performance measures and in conjunction 
with each other, the most appropriate to measure the 
performance of the group and its segments. The non-GAAP 
figures are used by management for planning, reporting (internal 
and external) and incentive purposes.
All non-GAAP figures are based on continuing operations 
unless stated otherwise. KPN’s main non-GAAP figures are 
explained hereafter.
EBITDA
KPN defines EBITDA as operating result before depreciation 
(including impairments) of PP&E and amortization (including 
impairments) of intangible assets. Note that KPN’s definition of 
EBITDA deviates from the literal definition of earnings before 
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and should not be 
considered in isolation or as a substitute for analyses of the results 
as reported under IFRS as adopted by the European Union.
€ million
2022 2021
(restated)
Total revenues and other income 5,374 6,122
Cost of goods & services 1,379 1,325
Personnel expenses 809 844
Information technology/Technical infrastructure 298 307
Other operating expenses 328 324
Total operating expenses (excl. D&A) 2,814 2,800
EBITDA 2,560 3,322
Adjusted revenues and adjusted EBITDA after leases 
(Adjusted EBITDA AL)
Adjusted revenues are derived from revenues (including other 
income), adjusted for the impact of incidentals. Incidentals are 
non-recurring transactions which are not directly related to day-
to-day operational activities at or over EUR 5m, unless significant 
for the specific reportable segment.
Adjusted EBITDA AL is derived from EBITDA, adjusted for the 
impact of restructuring costs and incidentals (‘adjusted’) and 
for lease-related expenses (‘after leases’ or ‘AL’). Lease-related 
expenses in this definition are the depreciation and impairment 
expenses of right-of-use assets and interest on lease liabilities, as 
well as the gains or losses arising upon remeasurement or (early) 
termination of a lease.
Key items between reported and adjusted revenues
€ million
FY 2022 
reported Incidentals
FY 2022 
adjusted
FY 2021 
reported Incidentals
FY 2021 
adjusted
y-on-y 
reported
y-on-y 
adjusted
Consumer 2,857 - 2,857 2,857 - 2,857 0.0% 0.0%
Business 1,798 - 1,798 1,762 - 1,762 2.1% 2.1%
Wholesale 689 - 689 684 21 663 0.7% 3.9%
Network, Operations & IT 72 47 25 34 15 19 114% 36%
Other (incl. eliminations) -43 - -43 785 830 -45 n.m. -6.4%
KPN Group 5,374 47 5,327 6,122 866 5,255 -12% 1.4%
189 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 190:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Revenue incidentals
€ million Segment 2022 2021
Book gain on sale of joint venture 
(Glaspoort B.V.)
Other - 830
Book gain on sale of assets to joint venture 
(Glaspoort B.V.)
NOI 47 15
Release of revenue related provisions Wholesale - 21
Total revenue incidentals 47 866
Key items between reported and adjusted EBITDA AL
€ million 2022 2021 y-on-y
EBITDA 2,560 3,322 -23%
Incidentals 31 870 >100%
Restructuring -24 -38 -36%
Lease-related expenses
Depreciation right-of-use assets -131 -123 6.7%
Interest lease liabilities -18 -20 -8.4%
Adjusted EBITDA after leases 2,404 2,347 2.4%
EBITDA AL incidentals
€ million Account 2022 2021
Book gain on sale of joint venture 
(Glaspoort B.V.)
Revenue - 830
Book gain on sale of assets to joint venture 
(Glaspoort B.V.)
Revenue 47 15
Release of revenue related provisions Wholesale - 21
Release of provisions Other operating 
expenses
- 4
Impairment right-of-use assets Depreciation 
right-of-use 
assets
-16 -
Total EBITDA AL incidentals 31 870
Net Opex reduction program
KPN’s net Opex reduction program is directed at reducing KPN’s 
net indirect operating expenses after leases. The program is 
directed at the operating expense categories personnel, IT/TI, 
other operating expenses and lease-related expenses, excluding 
restructuring costs and incidentals. Through its nature, the 
program will also mean a reduction in FTEs. The baseline for 
measurement is the operating expense level at the end of 2018.
The baseline is adjusted for major changes in the composition of 
the group in the years 2019-2021 (acquisitions and disposals).
The program has generated net indirect Opex savings of 
EUR 364m by the end of 2022.
Free cash flow (FCF)
FCF is defined as cash flow from continuing operating activities 
plus proceeds from disposals of property, plant & equipment 
(PP&E) minus capital expenditure (Capex) and adjusted for 
repayments of lease liabilities. KPN defines Capex as investments 
in PP&E and software. Please note that KPN's Capex definition 
differs from Capex as defined by the EU Taxonomy discussed in 
Appendix 7.
€ million 2022 2021
Net cash flow provided by operating activities 
from continuing operations 2,188 2,129
Capex -1,206 -1,216
Proceeds from real estate 4 6
Repayments of lease liabilities -124 -135
Free cash flow from continuing operations 862 784
Operational free cash flow
Operational free cash flow is defined as adjusted EBITDA AL 
minus capital expenditure (Capex).
€ million 2022 2021
Adjusted EBITDA AL 2,404 2,347
Capex -1,206 -1,216
Operational free cash flow 1,199 1,131
Leverage ratio
KPN defines its leverage ratio as net debt (excl. lease liabilities) 
divided by the 12-month rolling adjusted EBITDA AL. The ratio is 
adjusted for major changes in the composition of the KPN Group 
(acquisitions and disposals) when applicable.
Net debt is defined as gross debt less net cash and short-
term investments. Gross debt is defined as the nominal value 
of interest-bearing financial liabilities representing the net 
repayment obligations in euro, excluding derivatives, related 
collateral and leases, and taking into account 50% of the nominal 
value of the hybrid capital instruments.
For the calculation of KPN’s leverage ratio, see Note 13.4 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
190 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 191:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment
Materiality
The annual materiality assessment ensures KPN is aware of what 
is happening around us, where we can have an impact, and how 
we can add focus to our efforts. In 2022, KPN conducted a double 
materiality assessment. We conducted extensive desk research, 
using internal and external documentation to define KPN's new 
material topics. In addition, we interviewed nine stakeholder 
representatives, and the Board of Management filled in a survey 
to rank the material topics. The steps of the assessment process 
are described in detail below.
Step 1: Selecting relevant topics and impacts 2022
As opposed to previous years, we applied double materiality 
instead of single materiality. The materiality assessment was 
conducted according to the newest GRI 2021 requirements 
and already inspired by the upcoming CSRD guidelines. These 
updated guidelines focus more on impact, including financial 
impact (outside-in) and the impact of KPN on its surroundings 
(inside-out). For this report, the definition applied for a material 
topic is any topic that significantly influences our organization 
or, with its activities, our organization has a significant impact 
on. Impact includes positive and negative impact, intended and 
unintended impact, short- and long-term impact, reversible and 
irreversible, and direct and indirect (risk/opportunity) impact. 
These impacts can have an effect on economy, environment, 
people and human rights across our value chain.
As a starting point, we researched the most material topics for 
KPN. We conducted desk research using international standards, 
SDGs, peers, partners, sector trends, internal documents, 
and ,lastly, a media analysis. This resulted in a longlist of relevant 
topics and issues. The longlist was consolidated into an initial 
shortlist of topics with the most impact on KPN. The Board of 
Management and an internal CSR working group validated this 
shortlist, and the list of topics was then used as a basis for 
stakeholder consultation. The definitions of the material topics 
were adapted in an internal review to more closely reflect KPN’s 
current operational context.
Some topics were removed or mapped differently as compared to 
previous years. The reason for this is that the double materiality 
assessment was approached from a fundamental point of view. 
These consolidated topics were compared with those of previous 
years and merged, where possible and relevant, for the sake of 
recognizability. In this way, the result was a list of topics similar 
to the previous list, often with minor new, adjusted or expanded 
definitions), as well as a number of newly identified topics.
  
• 'Network quality, reliability & availability' is adjusted to 'Network 
quality' due to the fact that this covers the whole material topic 
while being more compact
• 'Data & information protection' is adjusted to 'Cybersecurity, 
data & information protection' because our increased focus 
on cybersecurity
• 'Environmental Performance' is split into two material topics, 
'GHG emissions' and 'Circular resource management', those are 
better measurable
• 'Customer interaction' is adjusted to 'Customer value' be more in 
line with our value creation model
• 'Supplier selection & good governance' is adjusted to 'Supplier 
management and selection' due to the fact that this topic 
covers more than only the selection of our suppliers. This topic 
is also ranked medium material instead of higher material in 
previous year
• 'Sustainable ICT solutions ' is adjusted to 'Sustainable ICT 
solutions & product innovation' because our sustainable ICT 
solutions go hand in hand with product innovations
• 'Responsible operations' is adjusted to "Health & Safety EMF 
radiation" because this is what covers the definition of the topic 
more accurate
• 'Attractive working conditions' is changed to 'Working 
conditions' to be more compact and therefore is the word 
attractive removed from the definition of this topic
• 'Fair access to KPN fixed network' has expired due to 
developments in this area
• 'KPN’s corporate governance & human rights compliance' is 
adjusted to 'Compliance & business ethics' to be more compact 
and broadener the scope
• 'Social community investment' is adjusted to "Social investmenst 
& partnerships" because developments in our foundation more 
focussing on partnerships
• 'Shared digital knowledge' is adjusted to 'Facilitating innovation' 
because this is the essence of sharing digital knowledge
• 'Tax Strategy' is adjusted to 'Fair Taxes' as this is more in line with 
the objective of tax (see chapter Tax and regulations (p. 62))
191 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 192:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Materiality topic 
(adjustments in bold)
Content (adjustments in bold)
Network quality The impact that the quality and reliability of KPN's networks have on the accessibility of high speed internet - and therewith the availability 
of critical communications (short term) and the contribution to growing economic and social activity (long-term).
Cybersecurity, data & 
information protection
The impact of KPN's data & information protection and cybersecurity efforts on safeguarding the rights, safety & privacy of customers 
and employees and, where applicable, suppliers.
Supplier management 
and selection
The impact of KPN’s responsible supplier management and due diligence on supplier selection regarding data security, natural 
resources, human rights, and local communities.
GHG emissions The impact KPN has with its own business operations on reducing energy consumption and CO2e emissions to mitigate 
climate change.
Circular 
resource management
The impact KPN has with its circular approach (reduced use of virgin materials, extended product use, recycling and handling of 
e-waste) on materials and resources.
Customer value The impact of offering future-proof services at a fair price, and transparent marketing and communication on customer appreciation 
and digital readiness.
Sustainable ICT solutions & 
product innovation
The impact that KPN has with its digital product innovation and future-proof technologies on the acceleration of digitalization.
Working conditions The impact of fair and attractive working conditions (equal opportunities, diversity & inclusion), ensuring health & safety, and attractive 
career development opportunities on KPN's workforce employability, and physical and mental well-being.
Compliance & business ethics The impact that responsible governance and compliance with applicable laws and regulations have on business continuity 
and integrity.
Facilitating innovation The impact of KPN’s facilitating role on stimulating innovation in society through, among others, seminars, field labs, and 
partnerships with governmental institutions.
Fair taxes KPN's contributes to society through its total tax contribution as a means for social economic cohesion, sustainable growth and 
long-term prosperity.
Health & safety 
EMF radiation
The impact on health and safety of people in the surrounding communities of KPN’s network infrastructure.
Social investments 
& partnerships
The impact of KPN’s social investments and partnerships on digital access and social inclusion.
Step 2: Review impact relevance and maturity
For the second step, nine internal and external stakeholder 
representatives were consulted for their input on the material 
topics. In these interviews, qualitative input was collected on the 
role and responsibility the stakeholder representatives expect 
from KPN in relation to the topics. Stakeholder representatives 
were asked to rank their top five topics on which KPN has the most 
impact on its surroundings (inside-out perspective). Stakeholder 
representatives were also asked to rank their top five topics 
that could have the most positive and negative impact on KPN’s 
financial performance (outside-in perspective). This validated list 
of material topics was used as a basis for a survey for the Board 
of Management.
From an outside-in perspective, the stakeholder representatives 
defined the following topics as most material:
1. Network quality
2. Cybersecurity, data & information protection
3. Customer value
4. Sustainable ICT solutions & product innovation
5. GHG emissions
Step 3: Survey for Board of Management
For the third step, KPN's Board of Management was asked to 
prioritize the material topics by responding to an online survey. 
In this survey, the Board of Management was asked for its 
opinion on the most material topics from an inside-out and 
outside-in perspective. This included impact materiality and 
financial materiality. The Board was asked to rank the top five 
topics on which KPN has the most impact on its surroundings 
(inside-out perspective) and which topics, from an outside-in 
perspective, have the most positive and negative impact on KPN’s 
financial performance.
From an inside-out perspective, both the stakeholders as well 
as the Board of Management ranked the same topics as 
most material:
1. Network quality
2. Cybersecurity, data & information protection
3. Customer value
4. Sustainable ICT solutions & product innovation
5. GHG emissions
192 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 193:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
The Board of Management ranked five material topics with 
the highest risk and the highest opportunity for KPN from 
an outside-in perspective. These results are consolidated and 
normalized to the list and rating below.
Material topics - risk Score
1 Cybersecurity, Data & Information protection 5.0
2 Customer value 4.5
3 Network quality 4.2
4 Supplier management and selection 3.2
5 Fair taxes 2.6
Material topic - opportunity Score
1 Customer value 5.0
2 Network quality 3.3
3 Sustainable ICT solutions & Product innovation 2.6
4 Cybersecurity, Data & Information protection 2.6
5 Working conditions 1.0
Step 4: Conclusion
The results of the inside-out perspective are divided into the 
following categories:
High material topics: we aim to fulfill a leading role on these 
topics by developing policies, setting targets, and defining KPI’s to 
monitor and report on our impact.
Other topics: we aspire to stay on top of those topics as they are 
relevant for creating medium and long-term value for KPN. We 
want to demonstrate our social responsibility in these areas.
To see where GRI topics are translated into KPN topics, 
please see the cross reference in Appendix 2 Alternative 
performance measures.
Based on the priority outcomes of the materiality analysis, 
approved by the Board of Management, we determined which 
material topics would be addressed in this report. This includes 
the scope and aspect boundaries of all topics. The definitions per 
topic can be found in the table disclosed in Step 1.
The inside-out perspective is consolidated for the Board of 
Management and stakeholder representatives in the following 
matrix. The final consolidated ranking has been validated in an 
internal review by the Board of Management.
193 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 194:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Stakeholder dialogue
KPN is in continuous dialogue with a diverse set of stakeholders, 
with equally diverse interests and motivations. This includes the 
positive and negative impacted affected stakeholders. These 
dialogues take place on different levels within our organization 
and are often part of our daily business. Members of the 
Board of Management attend the most important stakeholder 
dialogues, at which a variety of stakeholders are present. The 
table below provides insight into all the interactions we had with 
different stakeholders including our response and actions. With 
our stakeholders we discuss the positive and negative impacts of 
our material topics and formulate next steps.
Stakeholder 
group
What they expect How we engage (incl. frequency) Main topics in 2022 Our response
Employees Employees expect us to provide 
opportunities to develop in a 
dynamic workplace. For them, this 
translates to an attractive, effective 
and inspiring work environment 
(physical, technology, learning 
and development); simplicity in 
data, organization, technology and 
processes; transparency in the 
organization, and from leadership, 
a recognizable culture and 
values, and excellent development 
opportunities. New generations 
expect generational awareness, 
dynamic career perspectives, 
continuous feedback, mentoring and 
coaching, empowerment, purpose 
and agility.
To some, the changing conditions 
in the world and the labor 
market may feel like a threat. 
That is a natural reaction and 
we see it as our responsibility 
as an employer to both create 
awareness of the consequences of 
the fast-changing environment and 
encourage and enable people to 
seize the opportunities this offers. 
In the long run, KPN’s HR function 
will increasingly be using data, digital 
tools, robotization and AI to create an 
employee experience that responds 
to increasing consumerism and will 
result in alternative employment 
relations. We engage with our 
employees at least twice a year 
trough an extensive survey.
• Safe and COVID-19 proof work 
environment for all employees  
• Leadership based on our leadership 
profile – giving purpose, engaging 
people, delivering performance  
• Maximize internal mobility 
with continuous support on 
personal development  
• Focus on future skills and capabilities, 
rationalization and standardization
• A future-proof organizational design 
with room for authenticity, diversity 
and inclusiveness  
• Implementing a HR information system 
in the cloud (Oracle, launch Jan 2022) 
aimed at simplifying and standardizing 
HR processes and enabling managers 
and Employees in their day-to-day HR 
related tasks
• Create a safe and digital 
work environment, with 
attention to the physical 
and mental well-being of 
our employees  
• Continuous investment in 
and development of our 
employees with an enlarged 
digital L&D offer
Government 
and 
regulators
The government and regulators 
expect us to run infrastructure and 
services considered as very important 
to the Dutch economy and Dutch 
society at large and to create 
coverage of high-speed networks. 
One of their goals is to create a 
level playing field and protect the 
interests of end-users. They therefore 
expect us to comply with applicable 
rules and regulations on various 
topics, including fair competition, 
safety, consumer protection, privacy 
etc. They also expect us to be 
climate responsible and transparent 
in our communication.
We proactively engage with the 
government and regulators. We 
engage in a continuous dialogue 
to explain our efforts and results. 
We also work together with (local) 
governments on the roll-out of 
our networks, innovation (e.g. IoT) 
projects, cybersecurity, sustainability, 
energy generation, and cost savings.
• Avoiding non-compliance  
• Integrity and transparency  
• Continued concerns around 
national cybersecurity  
• Network roll-out (both fiber and 
mobile) in agreement with local 
governments, and compliance with 
various regulations  
• We continued our 
compliance efforts through 
clear and practical 
legal advice, clear 
operating procedures and 
related control frameworks, 
compliance training, culture 
programs, and clear and 
safe ways to report 
potential misconduct  
• We interact closely with 
ACM with regard to 
compliance, incidents and 
potentially different views on 
interpretation of the law  
• We engage with local 
governments on the best 
way to roll out our networks 
in their territories
• Access regulation to KPN’s 
fixed network
• ACM regulations for 
Wholesale services  
Investor 
community
The investor community – financial 
markets in general, our shareholders, 
debt investors and research analysts 
– expects us to be extensive 
and transparent.
We should be clear and 
consistent in communicating 
our financial and operational 
performance, strategy, objectives, 
and outlook, and transparent 
about environmental, social and 
corporate governance topics, 
including executive remuneration.
Their main interest is our 
We organize key corporate events 
such as the Annual General Meeting 
of Shareholders and Capital Markets 
Days, and we meet with (potential) 
investors, analysts and credit rating 
agencies during (virtual) roadshows 
and conferences.
We also provide relevant company 
information through timely press 
releases and regular publications 
such as our quarterly results and 
Integrated Annual Report.
• Execution of our strategy Accelerate to 
Grow to create long-term value in the 
interests of all KPN stakeholders  
• Progress on fiber roll-out
• The impact of rising inflation and 
energy prices  
• Wholesale regulation  
• Shareholder returns including 
share buyback  
• Leverage profile including bond 
redemptions, bond tender offer and 
new hybrid issuance
• Solid progress has been 
made in achieving the 
strategic objectives first 
formulated in November 
2020, in spite of 
the increased challenges 
brought about by the 
economic environment. We 
met with several (potential) 
investors, analysts and 
credit rating agencies 
during (virtual) roadshows 
and conferences. We 
also provided relevant 
194 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 195:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Stakeholder 
group
What they expect How we engage (incl. frequency) Main topics in 2022 Our response
commitment to creating value. They 
want timely and accurate updates 
and ample opportunity to seek 
clarification and ask questions.
company information 
through our quarterly 
results and Integrated 
Annual Report. Investors 
and analysts found comfort 
in management’s guidance
• The fiber roll-out run rate 
has maintained a good 
pace, and has a proven 
and attractive return profile. 
Our Retail fiber customer 
base has surpassed our 
Copper Base
• Group service revenue 
growth continued to 
develop favorably, with 
positive signs in Wholesale, 
Business and Consumer 
Mobile. We realized a 
growing adjusted EBITDA 
and free cash flow
• We paid a final dividend over 
2021 and intend to pay a 
regular dividend per share 
of € 14.3 cents over 2022. 
We completed a € 300m 
share buy back in 2022 
as part of our structural 
return of additional capital 
to our shareholders
• We fully redeemed € 616m 
senior bond, tendered $ 
454m of $ 600m hybrid and 
issued a € 500m perpetual 
Green Hybrid Bond in 2022
• We improved our offer 
for access to KPN’s 
open (virtual) unbundled 
fiber networks for all 
wholesale providers
Suppliers Our suppliers expect to maintain 
a long-term commitment and 
cooperation with us. Furthermore, 
they expect simple contracts, fair 
prices, compliance with the core 
principles of data protection, and 
acceptable payment terms. 
In addition to the last topic: in 2022, 
KPN has adopted a 30-days payment 
term for her SME suppliers. This puts 
KPN ahead of mandatory legislation 
to adopt a 30-days payment term for 
all SME suppliers per 1 July 2023.
KPN has a central corporate 
procurement organization that is 
responsible for contracting deals 
with suppliers. We make sure the 
principles of our suppliers’ CSR 
policies are in line with our own.
We are constantly in touch with our 
suppliers. We increasingly partner 
with them on sustainable solutions.
We are also a member of the 
JAC, an association of 26 telecom 
operators that aims to verify, assess 
and develop CSR implementation 
across the manufacturing centers of 
important multinational suppliers.
• We adjusted our procurement policy 
in 2020, introducing a new process 
for suppliers from non-EU countries, 
mainly to assess potential geopolitical 
risks involved. One of the reasons 
we set up this non-EU suppliers 
procedure was the increased impact 
of geopolitical issues on international 
business in the past few years
• Together with our suppliers 
we implemented sustainable 
solutions that resulted in 
cost reductions, as well as 
reductions in material use
• We aim for all suppliers we 
do business with to comply 
with the KPN Supplier Code 
of Conduct or have their 
own equivalent code. Our 
Code of Conduct helps 
to ensure that all our 
suppliers are committed to 
conducting their business in 
a manner that is ethical, legal 
environmentally friendly, 
respectful of human rights 
and socially responsible, 
as well as adhering to 
JAC standards
• KPN has integrated the 
EcoVadis Scorecard. This is 
an evaluation of how well 
a company has integrated 
195 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 196:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Stakeholder 
group
What they expect How we engage (incl. frequency) Main topics in 2022 Our response
the principles of CSR 
into their business and 
management system. The 
assessment is part of our 
tender process. The scope 
criteria are across four 
themes: environment, labor 
& human rights (Employee 
Health & Safety, Working 
Cond., Soc. Dialogue, 
Child Labor, Forced Labor 
& Human Trafficking, 
Diversity, Discrimination 
and External Stakeholder 
Human Rights, ethics & 
sustainable procurement). 
If the outcome of the 
assessment is <35 points, the 
supplier must draw up an 
improvement plan in order 
to mitigate identified risks 
for the purpose of achieving 
a score of the least 35 points 
in a later assessment
Business 
customers
Customers expect KPN to help them 
with the digital transformation within 
their companies. They want sincere 
and proactive advice that meets their 
specific needs.
Business customers also expect 
effortless IT solutions and there is 
a growing customer demand for 
continuous accessibility, as well as 
fast and reliable fixed and mobile 
connections. When problems do 
occur, they expect KPN to solve 
them adequately and demonstrate 
customer-centric behavior.
We talk to our business customers 
every day via account managers, 
service managers, in our XL stores, 
our contact centers and our 
Business Partners.
We give customer the opportunity for 
'Advies op Afstand', an online video 
solution for contact.
We also engage with them through 
customer panels, quarterly market 
research and workshops connecting 
customers’ strategies with KPN, as 
well as social media through our B2B 
platform, The Digital Dutch.
We engage through our Customer 
Experience Lab in which we test 
the needs and experience of 
the customers.
We closely monitor our business 
customers’ satisfaction and loyalty 
through NPS.
• Digital Dutch Experience  
• Improve customer experience 
and loyalty  
• Migrations of customers to our 
target portfolio
• We started a large-
scale roll-out of fiber 
including high-speed 
internet business parks  
• We continue to inspire our 
customers with our online 
Digital Dutch platform. We 
co-create content with our 
customers to inspire others 
with our customers in the 
podcast Digital Heroes and 
proactively engage with 
our customers in other 
Dutch forums  
• Growth in professional 
services supported by 
integrated solutions at KPN’s 
larger customers
Retail 
customers
Our retail customers expect the 
certainty of failure-free and secure 
networks, easy to use products and 
processes, and good online and 
offline customer service. They also 
want their loyalty to be acknowledged 
and appreciated through sincere and 
proactive advice about the best 
possible subscriptions that meet 
their needs.
We communicate 24/7 with our 
customers on our front ends (through 
customer service, our engineers, in 
our stores and on social media). Both 
reactive as well as pro-active. We 
collect and monitor requested and 
unrequested customer feedback on a 
daily basis and share these customer 
voices throughout the company. We 
also use external panels for our Brand 
NPS and RepTrak to objectively 
monitor our reputation.
• Best network: Always being connected 
by giving our customers the 
best WiFi experience, best iTV 
experience, and best fixed internet and 
mobile connection  
• A seamless and easy digital experience  
• Improved Customer Journeys   
• Best proposition for households
• We continued the roll-out of 
fiber, for both existing, new 
and future customers  
• We introduced 5G in our 
mobile propositions  
• We introduced a new 
WiFi manager where 
customers can easily 
check and improve their 
WiFi. We improved our 
Super WiFi offering for 
existing customers  
• We raised iTV customer 
satisfaction by new software 
releases, finalized the new 
menu migration, improved 
recording platform and 
improved content
196 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 197:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Stakeholder 
group
What they expect How we engage (incl. frequency) Main topics in 2022 Our response
Society Society expects us to have a 
positive influence on Dutch society. 
They expect us to be socially 
and environmentally responsible and 
to be a good corporate citizen. 
They want products and services 
that help to solve social and 
environmental issues.
They also expect us to be a 
frontrunner in sustainability and 
other societal issues by creating 
sustainable partnerships. KPN has 
the potential to lead debates, e.g. on 
privacy and security.
We are active in working groups 
initiated by NGOs and participate in 
or liaise with organizations such as 
the European Telecommunications 
Network Operators’ Association 
(ETNO), Joint Alliance for CSR (JAC), 
Platform for the European Telecom 
Industry (ETIS), the International 
Telecom Union (ITU), the Global 
Compact Foundation and the 
Dutch Association of Investors for 
Sustainable Development (VBDO). 
We organize an annual meeting 
with stakeholders to discuss our 
contribution to society and the 
desired next steps
Topics discussed with our societal 
partners were:
• Development of a biodiversity policy
• Improving human rights in the 
value chain
• Accelerate diversity and 
digital inclusion
• Professionalization of circularity
• We had a yardstick 
for nature-inclusive 
construction developed   
• We set up a board and 
performed a deep dive on 
our processes  
• We have included special 
conditions in the collective 
labor agreement to promote 
inclusion and diversity  
• We collaborate on 
international standards 
for circularity
• We deploy our thought 
leadership on security 
to help make the 
Netherlands safer
How we engage with policymakers
KPN actively engages with policymakers in politics and 
government, and sponsors activities that help to generate public 
debate around the consequences of digitalization, as well as 
develop actions to address them. For KPN, as a predominantly 
Dutch operation, policy is primarily shaped in Brussels and 
The Hague. The focus of our engagement is therefore aimed 
at policy makers in these cities. To increase relevance with 
policymakers, we our aim to cooperate as much as possible with 
other like-minded companies. As such, KPN participates in trade 
organizations active in the Netherlands as well as at a European 
level, and contributes to these organizations.
These contributions account for the majority of the disclosed 
amounts. The sums apportioned to Brussels are part of the 
sums disclosed in the Transparency Register to which KPN 
has subscribed from the start. The Transparency Register also 
encompasses an estimation of cost of staff. KPN also participates 
in global organizations like GSMA, which aims to develop the 
mobile industry worldwide, and which engages with policymakers 
in Europe and elsewhere, too.
Finally, KPN contributes to ITU. This is a standardization body and 
United Nations agency, not a trade organization, and is therefore 
not included in the sums presented.
KPN does not financially, or in any other way, support political 
parties or candidates for political positions. KPN does engage with 
national and regional authorities through knowledge-sharing to 
facilitate informed regulatory policy measures. KPN contributes 
to sector organizations representing the interests of KPN in 
specific fields. Management upholds strict standards on ethical 
and transparent behavior.
Employees who are politically active must ask for permission if 
they have paid political functions, e.g. as a member of municipal 
or regional councils. In the past, KPN’s policy has always been to 
approach policymakers directly. KPN does not use external public 
affairs agencies to speak on its behalf.
KPN presents the amount of money spent on public affairs 
in three categories. KPN does not disaggregate these figures 
further, as we are not at liberty to divulge the contributions to 
individual organizations.
197 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 198:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Type of Trade organization Geographic scope Spend in 2022 in EUR Focus of membership (non-exhaustive)
Trade bodies representing the interests 
of mobile operators worldwide
Global 38,437 Develop the mobile industry worldwide with a focus on a level playing field 
and predictability of the law. Create common standards and encourage 
sustainable innovation
Trade body representing Europe’s 
telecommunications network operators
The European Union 132,508 Create a level playing field within the EU based on an unambiguous and 
predictable legal situation
Focus on the European Electronic Communications Code, the General Data 
Protection Regulation, ePrivacy, and the Privacy Shield
Trade body representing industry and 
employers in the Netherlands
The Netherlands and 
the European Union
340,399 Monitor and influence nationwide issues that are of importance across 
sectors, e.g. include creating a prosperous investment and fiscal climate, and 
a digital agenda
Trade association for IT, telecom and 
internet companies
The Netherlands 32,000 Monitor, influence and increase awareness of (issues in) the digital economy, 
e.g. on continuity and security and privacy
Trade association in the 
technology industry
The Netherlands 75,000 Monitor and influence national policies in particular for the manufacturing 
industries, such as health care, metallurgy, microconductor and 
digital industry
Trade association for the positioning 
of the Netherlands defense- and safety-
related industry
The Netherlands 59,736 Monitor and influence national policies specifically in the field of 
national security
Trade body and knowledge center 
representing commercial users of 
electricity and water in the Netherlands
The Netherlands and 
the European Union
23,127 Representing the interests of small, medium and larger organizations that 
use water and electricity on a professional basis
Trade body representing the interests of 
the cybersecurity sector
The Netherlands and 
the European Union
27,500 Aims to increase the digital resilience of the Netherlands and to increase the 
quality and transparency within the growing cybersecurity sector
Coalition formed to stimulate AI The Netherlands 15,000 Coalition bringing together organizations to facilitate an organized approach 
with regard to AI
Platform for information society The Netherlands 20,000 Neutral platform where government, knowledge institutions, business and 
civil society organizations collaborate on public-private partnerships and 
share knowledge about the responsible design of our digitalizing society
Cluster in the security domain The Netherlands 20,000 Network of businesses, governments and knowledge institutions, that work 
together on knowledge development and innovation in security
Association for data-driven marketing The Netherlands 9,150 Association advocating responsible data-driven marketing, unlocking the 
potential withing the regulatory framework
Association for healthcare technology The Netherlands 2,865 Healthcare association advocating actual care issues to increase the 
knowledge and quality of the healthcare industry
Trade body representing Europe’s 
largest industrial and financial groups
The European Union 25,000 Senior business advisory board, officially consulted by EU institutions and 
national governments on sector-specific European economic matters
Trade body representing tax advisers in 
the Netherlands
The Netherlands 1,000 Association of the university-educated tax advisers in the Netherlands. 
Submits extensive commentaries on proposed Dutch tax laws
198 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 199:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 4: Non-financial information
The tables below provide an overview of KPN's non-financial 
information KPI's, with references to the specific chapter in 
this Integrated Annual Report for qualitative explanations. Also 
references are made to the strategic pillar, GRI and impact on SDG. 
To limit the number of goals and achieve more focus, we mark a 
number of KPIs as 'discontinued'. However, we will continue to be 
active in these areas.
Reference Strategic pillar GRI reference Impact/ SDG
Customer value Grow & strengthen 
customer footprint
Customer 
interaction: Own 
indicator
9. Industry, 
Infrastructure 
and Innovation
Critical performance indicator Target 2022 Result 2022 Result 2021 Result 2020 Target 2023 Target 2025
NPS consumer total 21 15 16 11 20 N/a
NPS business total 5 2 4 -2 4 N/a
Reference Strategic pillar GRI reference Impact/ SDG
Impact on 
society
Connected Society
Economic 
performance
Customer 
interaction: Own 
indicator
4. Quality Education
Critical performance indicator Target 2022 Result 2022 Result 2021 Result 2020 Target 2023 Target 2025
% eligible chronically ill children 
provided with a KPN Klasgenoot 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
# chronically ill children provided 
with a KPN Klasgenoot N/a 691 690 847 Discontinued
Reference Strategic pillar GRI reference Impact/ SDG
Network 
infrastructure Leverage & expand 
superior network
Network quality, 
reliability & 
availability: Own 
indicator
9. Industry, 
Infrastructure 
and Innovation
11. Sustainable Cities 
and Communities
Critical performance indicator Target 2022 Result 2022 Result 2021 Result 2020 Target 2023 Target 2025
FttH households1 N/a 47% 41% 34% >50% ~80% (2026)
# mobile sites modernized and 
5G ready 4,900 5,072 4,000 2,936 Completed
5G population coverage N/a 96% 81% N/a 98% N/a.
Service availability internet 99.99% 99,99% 99.99% 99.78% 99.99% 99.99%
Service availability mobile 99.9% 99.98% 99.99% 99.89% 99.9% 99.9%
Download speed experience 150 Mbps 146 Mbps 139 Mbps2 97 Mbps3 146 Mbps N/a
1 Together with Glaspoort
2 Restated number due to improved calculation methodology
3 In 2020 we reported on Average 4G download speed per year-end
199 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 200:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Reference Strategic pillar GRI reference Impact/ SDG
Focused 
innovation and 
digitalization Grow & strengthen 
customer footprint
Customer 
privacy, data and 
information 
protection: own 
indicator
3. Good health & Well-
being
9. Industry, 
infrastructure 
and innovation
Critical performance indicator Target 2022 Result 2022 Result 2021 Result 2020 Target 2023 Target 2025
End-to-end standalone 5G mobile 
core network N/a N/a N/a N/a Live N/a
Innovation theme: 
Digital services aggregation N/a N/a N/a N/a
New consumer 
cloud 
infotainment 
service 
N/a
Innovation 
theme: Cybersecurity-4ALL N/a N/a N/a N/a
New internet 
security and 
privacy solution 
for every 
customer
N/a
Innovation theme: 
Mission and business critical N/a N/a N/a N/a
Multiple 
connected 
ambulances 
N/a
# of professionals with 
secure digital access to 
healthcare information
113,000 100,019 88,374 69,770 Discontinued
# of clients and patients using 
healthcare facilities to live with 
more autonomy
12,300 10,830 11.767 11,815 Discontinued
Reference Strategic pillar GRI reference Impact/ SDG
Safeguarded 
privacy and 
security
  
Leverage & expand 
superior network
Customer 
privacy, data and 
information 
protection:
Own indicator
9. Industry, 
Infrastructure 
and Innovation
11. Sustainable Cities 
and Communities
Critical performance indicator Target 2022 Result 2022 Result 2021 Result 2020 Target 2023 Target 2025
% of Dutch people that believe 
their data is safe with KPN 71% 69% 66% 66% 70%
% of technical employees who are 
SecurX certified1 N/a N/a N/a N/a 95% N/a
% of SME KPN EEN customers 
that activates safe internet 47.5% 52.1% 41.5% N/a 62.5% 75%
1 In TDO (Networks, B2B Solutions & CISO)
Reference Strategic pillar GRI reference Impact/ SDG
Responsible 
supply chain Leverage & expand 
superior network
Supplier 
selection and 
security 
governance: 
Own indicator
12. Responsible 
Consumption 
and Production
17. Partnership for 
the Goals
Critical performance indicator Target 2022 Result 2022 Result 2021 Result 2020 Target 2023 Target 2025
% realized improvements on 
corrective action plans 75% 94% 98% 91% 85% N/a
% high-risk Tier I, Tier II and Tier III 
suppliers audited 40% 45% 46% 32% 40% N/a
200 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 201:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Reference Strategic pillar GRI reference Impact/ SDG
Sustainable 
employability
Leverage & expand 
superior network
Grow & strengthen 
customer footprint
Simplify & streamline 
operating model
Supplier 
selection and 
security: Own 
indicator
5. Gender Equality
8. Decent Work and 
Economic Growth
Critical performance indicator Target 2022 Result 2022 Result 2021 Result 2020 Target 2023 Target 2025
Overall % of women at KPN in 
the Netherlands 23% 22% 22% 21% 24% 25%
% Women sub top1 N/a 30% N/a N/a 33.5% 35%
% of participants apprenticeship 
company found a paid job within 3 
months in- or outside KPN
N/a 57% N/a N/a 60% N/a
PSO certification N/a N/a N/a N/a Aspirant status Tier 1
Sustainable employability: % of 
employees with a new job < 1 year 
after leaving KPN
>80% 88% 79% 75% Discontinued
Employee survey score 
for engagement 83% 81% 82% 86% 82% 82%
1 Direct reports to the Board of Management in management positions
Reference Strategic pillar GRI reference Impact/ SDG
Environmental 
performance
  
Leverage & expand 
superior network
Materials, 
effluents and 
waste
12. Responsible 
Consumption 
and Production
Critical performance indicator Target 2022 Result 2022 Result 2021 Result 2020 Target 2023 Target > 2023
% fossil fuel free cars added to 
company fleet in reporting year 
(lease pool + engineers)
80% 95% 90% 46% 95% 98% in 2025
Energy savings by customers as % 
of KPN Group ~200% ~170% 306%1 401%1 Discontinued
CO2e reduction in the value chain 
(scope 3) compared to 2014 N/a2 37% 30%3 27%3 38% in 2023
45% in 2030 net-
zero in 2040 (-90% 
vs 2014 + max 
10% compensation)
Reduction of electricity 
consumption of KPN Group 
compared to 2010 (in GWh)
N/a 478 502 573 462 (-40% vs 
baseline 2010)
< 400 GWh in 
2030 (-48% vs 
baseline 2010)
Reduction of energy consumption 
of KPN Group compared to 2010 46%  48% 45% 37% Discontinued
Absolute car-fuel savings 
compared to 2010 80% 81% 80% 74% Discontinued
% collected customer 
premises equipment 90% 90% 86% 86% 92% 95% in 2025
Climate-neutral operations 100% 100% 100% 100% Discontinued
Waste reduction: % reuse 
and recycling4 84% 86% 85% 81% 85% 85% in 2025
Circular B2B Services4 N/a N/a N/a N/a 6 9 in 2024
12 in 2025
1 Results 2021 and 2020 have been restated for CNG fuel
2 Old target was 23% and based on old calculation, prior to restatement, for details see Appendix 11
3 Results 2021 and 2020 have been restated, for details see Appendix 11
4 As part of our ambition to become close to 100% circular in 2025
201 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 202:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 5: TCFD
Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
KPN recognizes the recommendations of the Taskforce on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) as an important 
step in providing transparency on climate strategy. We have 
mapped TCFD elements to this report (see sections on 
environmental performance, responsible supply chain and related 
appendices). KPN's risk framework is described in the chapter 
Compliance and risk (p. 67) and Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 
208) contains the list of top risks.
TCFD element TCFD recommendation KPN reporting on TCFD guidelines
Governance Describe the governance of Board of Management related to climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
Corporate Governance (p. 60)
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Describe the role of management on the judgement and governance of 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
Corporate Governance (p. 60)
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Appendix 4: List of top risks (p.208)
Strategy Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities as described on short, 
midterm and long-term timeframe.
SWOT (p.7)
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Appendix 4: List of top risks (p.208)
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on business 
activity, strategy and financial planning of the organization.
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Appendix 4: List of top risks (p.208)
Describe the agility of the strategy, taking climate-related scenarios into 
account, amongst others a scenario to stay within the 2-degrees Celsius limit for 
global warming.
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p.50)
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Appendix 4: List of top risks (p.208)
We performed scenario analysis on long-term energy pricing taking the 
impact of CO2e-price regulation into account.
Risk 
Management
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities as described on a short, 
midterm and long-term timeframe.
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Appendix 4: List of top risks (p.208)
Describe the processes the organization uses to manage climate-related risks 
and opportunities.
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Appendix 4: List of top risks (p.208)
Describe how processes for the identification, assessment and management of 
climate-related risks are integrated into the risk approach of the organization.
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Appendix 4: List of top risks (p.208)
Indicators and 
objectives
Describe the organizational processes for identification and assessment of 
climate-related risks.
Compliance and risk (p.67)
Appendix 4: List of top risks (p.208)
Report on scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p.50)
Report on performance to climate-related objectives. Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p.50)
202 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 203:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 6: NFRD
EU Directive: Disclosure of non-financial information and diversity information
Requirements 
EU Directive
Subtopic Chapter / Page reference (starting page)
A brief description of the 
business model
The business environment Our purpose and the world around us (p. 6)
Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Organization and structure Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Markets where the undertaking operates Our purpose and the world around us (p. 6)
Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Objectives and strategies Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Main trends and factors that may affect the 
undertaking’s future development
Our purpose and the world around us (p. 6)
Relevant social and 
personnel matters (e.g. HR, 
safety, etc.)
A description of the policies pursued, including 
due diligence
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
The outcome of those policies Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Principle risks in own operations and within 
value chain
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
How risks are managed Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Non-financial key performance indicators Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Relevant environmental 
matters (e.g. climate-
related impacts)
A description of the policies pursued, including 
due diligence
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain (p. 50)
The outcome of those policies Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain (p. 50)
Principle risks in own operations and within 
value chain
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain (p. 50)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
How risks are managed Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Non-financial key performance indicators Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain (p. 50)
Relevant matters with 
respect for human rights 
(e.g. labor protection)
A description of the policies pursued, including 
due diligence
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Procurement and suppliers (p .55)
Principle risks in own operations and within 
value chain
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Procurement and suppliers (p. 55)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Relevant matters with 
respect to anti-corruption 
and bribery
A description of the policies pursued, including 
due diligence
Maintaining effective risk management (p. 67)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply chain (p. 50)
The outcome of those policies Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Principle risks in own operations and within 
value chain
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
How risks are managed Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Non-financial key performance indicators Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Insight into diversity 
(Board of Management and 
Supervisory Board)
A description of the policies pursued Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Supervisory Board report (p. 83)
Diversity targets Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Supervisory Board report (p. 83)
Description of how the policy is implemented Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Supervisory Board report (p. 83)
Results of the diversity policy Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Supervisory Board report (p. 83)
203 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 204:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 7: EU Taxonomy
General
In 2019, the European Commission presented the Green Deal 
of the European Union, setting the course for more sustainable 
investments to reach a climate-neutral economy by 2050 – 
an economy with net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, 
with a reduction of 55% already implemented in 2030. An 
important purpose of the EU Action Plan on Sustainable Finance 
is to steer cash flows towards sustainable investments. In this 
context, the EU Taxonomy Regulation became effective mid-2020 
(Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 June 2020). This EU Taxonomy-Regulation is 
intended to serve as a standardized and mandatory classification 
system to determine which economic activities are considered as 
‘environmentally sustainable’.
The EU published a catalog of sustainable activities in the 
manner of the EU Taxonomy ('EU Catalog') for two of the six 
environmental objectives:
• climate change mitigation
• climate change adaptation
At this moment, further Delegated Regulations including the 
technical criteria for the other four environmental objectives 
(sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, 
transition to a circular economy, pollution prevention and control 
and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems) 
are pending publication. By the current Delegated Regulations, 
it is determined which economic activities can be considered in 
general. By implementing the first stage of the EU’s taxonomy, 
reporting on eligibility for potentially sustainable activities in 2021 
we concluded that the impact of this current framework in relation 
to the two environmental objectives is very limited given KPN’s 
business model.
As of 2022, it is required to report whether eligible activities 
can be considered ‘environmentally sustainable’, i.e. Taxonomy-
aligned. This depends whether certain criteria are fulfilled. These 
technical screening criteria determine the conditions under 
which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially 
to one of the two environmental objectives and determine 
whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to 
any of the other environmental objectives and compliance with 
minimum safeguards.
Judgments and assumptions made by management 
regarding the EU Taxonomy
Based on our assessment of compliance to the current EU 
Taxonomy Regulation, we conclude that various aspects are open 
to multiple interpretations. In order to comply to the EU Taxonomy 
disclosure obligations, management has made judgments and 
assumptions. Regarding the objective climate change mitigation, 
we conclude that the following economic activities described in 
the EU Taxonomy and relating to climate change mitigation apply 
to KPN:
• 6.5 – Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light 
commercial vehicles
• 7.2 – Renovation of existing buildings
• 8.2 – Data driven solutions for GHG emissions reductions
Climate change mitigation
Climate change mitigation means the process of holding the 
increase in the global average temperature to well below 2°C and 
pursuing efforts to limit it to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels, as 
laid down in the Paris Agreement. Below we describe the nature 
of our Taxonomy eligible and aligned economic activities.
To determine whether the eligible activities are Taxonomy-
aligned, the activities were assessed to the 3 alignment criteria:
1. Substantial contribution (SC) to Climate change mitigation.
2. Does not do significant harm (DNSH) to Climate change 
adaptation, nor to Transition to a circular economy and/or 
Pollution prevention and control.
3. Compliance with minimum safeguards.
Transport and buildings
With regard to 'Renovation of existing buildings', we concluded 
that our Capex amount on renovation of existing buildings 
including adding new charging stations and solar panels are too 
limited to report on. Based on our assessment for 'Transport 
by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles', 
we concluded that our Capex amount on full electric lease-cars 
increased to EUR 23m. Compared to previous year this is a 
material increase. KPN decided to cancel its temporarily stop of 
investments in lease cars, and continued to further transform its 
leased car fleet to fossil fuel free cars.
The first criteria of substantial contribution to climate change 
mitigation was met as electric vehicles have lower emissions than 
the limit allowed in the technical screening criteria. KPN's car lease 
contracts include maintenance and repair. After ending the lease 
contract cars are returned and sold by the lease company on the 
second hand market, which proves the activity does no significant 
harm to the objective transition to a circular economy. With regard 
204 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 205:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
to pollution prevention, electric vehicles have lower exhaust of 
emissions. According to our assessment the tyres do not comply 
to the EU Regulation 2020/740 and cannot qualify as an aligned 
economic activity.
Data driven solutions for GHG emissions reductions
EU Taxonomy Capex KPI
Prior year we reported Capex on specific customer premises 
equipment as eligible. This economic activity is considered an 
enabling activity and it complies with all the technical screening 
criteria of economic activity 8.2. It ensures lower lifecycle GHG 
emissions through lower energy consumption compared to best 
performing alternative solution or technology. This new customer 
premises equipment aims for our customers to reduce energy 
by 35% when using it, compared to using the previous customer 
premises equipment.
In case of the investments in customer premises equipment, 
the first criteria of substantial contribution to climate change 
mitigation was met by referring to the content of their product 
passports, verified by an independent third party. The customer 
premises do not significant harm to the other environmental 
objectives which is evidenced by performing a climate risk and 
vulnerability assessment. Compliance to minimum safeguards 
is enforced by suppliers accepting the KPN Supplier Code of 
Conduct, verifying suppliers operations by performing audits 
by a third party (JAC) and in case of short comings by 
corrective actions (see also chapter Procurement and suppliers). 
Furthermore, KPN complies with the UN Guiding Principles, by 
integrating these principles in our Code of Conduct and what we 
require from our suppliers (see also chapter Compliance and risk).
We did not report Capex on fiber roll-out, as this is not covered 
by economic activity 8.2. However, we do believe that fiber is an 
important enabler for climate change mitigation, mainly in terms 
of energy savings compared to copper. In our view, the roll-out 
of fiber should be added to the taxonomy eligible activities in 
the future.
Please refer to the accounting policy EU Taxonomy on the next 
page for a calculation of the EU Taxonomy Turnover, Capex 
and Opex. The accounting policy includes references to the 
related line items in the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
making sure to avoid double counting between the various 
reporting categories and between the objectives climate change 
mitigation and adaptation. Risk of double counting between the 
two objectives does not exist as only climate change mitigation 
is relevant for KPN's business model. All eligible and aligned 
investments in customer premises equipment are included in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10 as investments 
in plant & equipment. Additions related to acquisitions through 
business combinations and expenses incurred as part of a Capex 
plan are not applicable.
We did not include our Joint Venture Glaspoort in our disclosure, 
as KPN does not have control over this entity. We did not report 
impact separately as Glaspoort’s main activities relate to fiber 
roll-out which is currently not eligible.
With the proceeds of the issuance of the EUR 500m Green 
Hybrid Bond, KPN will finance or refinance projects with positive 
environmental impact (see also chapter Our performance: 
Environmental performance and responsible supply chain). 
However, the purpose of financing is not specific for identified 
Taxonomy-aligned activities and therefore does not have an 
impact on the EU Taxonomy Capex KPI.
EU Taxonomy Turnover KPI
We concluded that the EU Taxonomy Turnover is not material 
for our business model, as KPN's economic activities are not 
described in the Delegated Acts on climate change mitigation 
and climate change adaptation. We investigated our turnover on 
ICT Solutions helping our customers to reduce GHG emission, 
for example our network which enables customers to work from 
home, or any of our IoT solutions. Turnover relevant for the EU 
Taxonomy from IoT are relevatively small, do not influence the 
reported percentage and are not reported as eligible.
In addition, as electronic communications networks 
(telecommunication) as such are not included as an activity under 
the current coverage of the Taxonomy delegated act it is not 
able to qualify our fiber roll-out activities as environmentally 
sustainable under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Industry 
alignment on treatment of this topic is ongoing.
The total value of the KPN's turnover amounts to EUR 5,324m 
of which 100% non-eligible activities (2021: EUR 5,270m: 100% 
non-eligible activities).
EU Taxonomy Opex KPI
We concluded that the EU Taxonomy Opex is not material for our 
business model given the nature of our activities and therefore we 
make use of the practical exemption and consider the numerator 
as being not material. The total value of the EU Taxonomy Opex 
amounts to EUR 298m.
Conclusion
For the reporting year 2022, ~5% of KPN’s EU Taxonomy Capex 
activities qualifies as eligible relating to certain customer premises 
equipment and electric lease cars. Only ~3% of our EU Taxonomy 
Capex activities qualify as aligned, which consists of certain 
customer premises equipment. We concluded that KPN's EU 
Taxonomy Turnover is not eligible and Opex is not material under 
the economic activities currently in scope of the EU Taxonomy 
regarding climate change mitigation and adaptation. We did not 
205 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 206:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
include a Turnover and Opex table as in our view this would not 
provide additional insights.
We have concluded that the roll-out of fiber is currently not 
eligible, however we believe this is an important enabler for 
climate change mitigation, also providing significant energy 
savings compared to copper.
Our future EU Taxonomy disclosures are subject to any potential 
new guidance and the release of criteria for the four remaining 
environmental objectives.
The proportion of eligible, aligned and non-eligible activities are 
reported below in terms of EU Taxonomy Capex. The level of 
investments in customer premises remained stable compared to 
prior year. Our investments in new electric lease cars in 2022 
increased significantly since we had an order stop in 2021.
EU Taxonomy Capex
Substantial 
contribution criteria Does not significant harm
Codes
Absolute 
Capex (in 
EUR million)
Proportion 
of Capex
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
Climate 
change 
adaptation
Climate 
change 
adaptation
Transition 
to a 
circular 
economy
Pollution 
prevention 
and 
control
Minimum 
safeguards
Taxonomy 
aligned 
proportion 
of 
Capex 
2022
Taxonomy 
aligned 
proportion 
of 
Capex 
2021
Category 
enabl. 
activity
Category 
trans. 
activity
A. Taxonomy 
eligible activities
A1. Environmentally 
sustainable acitivities 
(Taxonomy aligned)
8.2 Data driven 
solutions for GHG 
emissions reductions:
-Investments in 
customer premises 8.2 40 3% 100% 0% Y Y N/a Y 3% Y
A2. Taxonomy eligible 
but not environmentally 
sustainable acitivities 
(not Taxonomy aligned)
6.5 Transport by 
motorbikes, passenger 
cars and light 
commercial vehicles
-Electric lease cars 6.5 23 2% 100% 0% Y Y No1 Y Y
Total A1 + A2 63 5% 3%
B. Taxonomy non-
eligible activities
Capex of taxonomy 
non-eligible activity (B) 1,187 95%
Total A + B 1,250 100%
1 Not all DNSH criteria could be met, because the tyres of the electric lease cars do not comply with the Regulation (EU) 2020/740
206 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 207:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Accounting policy EU Taxonomy
Accounting policy on EU taxonomy Turnover definition
EU Taxonomy Turnover is defined as Revenue as disclosed in 
Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Accounting policy on EU taxonomy Capex definition
EU Taxonomy Capex definition differs from KPN's Capex 
definition in Appendix 2. EU Taxonomy Capex consists of 
the following components: Property, plant and equipment 
investments and PPE changes in consolidation, in case 
of acquisitions of business combinations (Note 10 of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements), Intangible assets 
investments and Intangible assets changes in consolidation, 
in case of acquisitions of business combinations (Note 
11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements) and Leasing, 
Right-of-use assets additions (Note 19 of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements).
Accounting policy on EU taxonomy Opex definition
EU Taxonomy Opex definition differs from KPN's Opex 
definition in Appendix 2. EU Taxonomy Opex consists of the 
following components: research & development costs, building 
renovation costs, short-term leases, maintenance and repair 
costs and all other direct costs necessary to service the asset.
207 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 208:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 8: List of top risks
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
Fast-
changing 
market 
conditions: 
strong
competition
KPN faces strong competition on services and 
network access from current competitors as well 
as new market entrants and over=the-top (OTT) 
players. Competition in Consumer, Business and 
Wholesale markets can occur based on price, 
content, increase of investment in customer 
acquisition or retention costs, subscription options, 
coverage and service quality. Most of our services 
are increasingly based on technology standards, 
limiting the possibilities for differentiation from 
competitors. Our competitive position could be 
threatened by actions of competitors, e.g. in the 
roll-out of fiber networks or in the adoption of 
pricing strategies. These factors could lead to lower 
profitability as well as lower market shares.
Impacted strategic objective
Grow & strengthen customer footprint
• Implement a superior network in the Netherlands by:
– Accelerating fiber roll-out for Consumer and Business Market (by 
KPN or its joint venture), increasing availability of high access 
speeds and improving in-home WiFi coverage
– Enabling the latest innovative mobile technologies by 
modernizing the mobile network
– Moving to an All-IP infrastructure
• Offer fixed-mobile converged services and competitive price/
portfolio combinations, such as KPN Hussel for Consumer Market 
(CM) and KPN EEN MKB, Smart Integration and Smart Combinations 
for Business Market (BM)
• Offer high quality of service to customers to improve NPS
• Maintain focus on high-value customers in both Consumer and 
Business Market
• Launch targeted household approach and optimize KPN 
Hussel propositions
• Introduce new innovative products and services to meet changing 
customer needs, such as SuperWiFi, Cloud storage, Smart Home and 
Security services
• Simplify, digitalize and streamline the operating model. This will lead 
to improved time-to-market, better quality of service and a simplified 
and agile organization. Additionally, it will lead to a structural lower 
level of operational costs and will enable swift response to new 
market developments
• Strengthen distribution power with business partners, online 
channels, and shops
• Partnerships and cooperation with OTT players including third-party 
services such as gaming, content (CM) and Office, Azure (BM)
• Rationalize our brand portfolio: focusing on the strong KPN brand 
by expanding KPN’s services with the best elements of the individual 
brands, to offer customers in all segments a better user experience
• Improve customer loyalty and customer experience by optimizing 
and digitalizing customer journeys, use of AI and implementing 
advanced data analytics programs
Likelihood: High
Impact: High
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI: 
• Market shares, net adds
• Group service revenues
• ARPU, ARPA
• Number of (#) fiber 
homes passed/activated
• NPS
Fast-
changing 
market 
conditions: 
disruptive 
technologies 
or business 
models
KPN’s business model and financial performance 
could be affected by disruptive technologies or 
business models, changing customer preferences 
and entrance of new players (including big 
tech companies and companies that provide 
telecom services via satellite). KPN’s response 
to new technologies (such as AI, quantum 
computing, software-defined networks, alternative 
network providers, integrated optics, eSIM, 
terahertz technologies, cloud propositions and 
metaverse), changing customer behavior, and 
market developments and its ability to successfully 
and/or timely introduce new competitive products 
or services, are essential to KPN’s performance and 
profitability in the long run.
The introduction of new products and services such 
as new propositions may not be successful and/or 
timely. This could lead to lower profitability as well 
as lower market shares.
Impacted strategic objective
Leverage & expand superior networks
Grow & strengthen customer footprint
Simplify & streamline operating model
• Implement a superior network in the Netherlands by:
– Accelerating fiber roll-out for Consumer and Business Market (by 
KPN or its joint venture), increasing availability of high access 
speeds and improving in-home WiFi coverage
– Enabling the latest innovative mobile technologies by 
modernization of mobile network
– Moving to an All-IP infrastructure
• Develop new services, business models and pricing models
• Continue the exploration of how KPN can adequately and timely 
respond to changes in the (telecommunications) market and 
value chain by implementing new business initiatives, in line with 
KPN’s strategy
• Develop partnerships with OTT players, hyperscalers and network 
suppliers and monitor these partnerships on profitability
• Implement an agile organization, new technologies (such as 
applying open innovation models and standardized technology) 
and processes to enable swift response to new market developments
• 5G field labs, Innovation & Partnerships team and proof of 
concepts (e.g. in software-defined networks and network function 
virtualization) to test new technologies with customers
• KPN Ventures: scout, invest in and create cooperations with 
innovative technology companies to enhance innovation in key 
areas such as IOT, smart home, cybersecurity, cloud computing, 
data services, digital healthcare, mobile/video (OTT) services and 
networking technology (e.g. integrated optics)
Likelihood: Medium-high
Impact: High
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI:
• Revenues existing 
business (Mobile, Fixed, 
TV, etc) and new business  
208 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 209:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
Operational 
and quality 
related 
incidents
KPN’s services, technical infrastructure and IT may 
be vulnerable to damage, service interruptions, 
operational issues and loss/theft or manipulation 
of customer data. These incidents could be caused 
by failures in the network systems, power supplies, 
failures and bugs in supporting computer systems, 
disasters (e.g. fire, flooding), human errors, lack of 
staff with specific knowledge and skills, supplier 
failures, pandemics and absenteeism, sabotage, 
terrorism or legacy systems. During pandemics or 
other crises, our customers and society rely heavily 
on our networks and services, making them more 
sensitive and vulnerable to network disruptions.
Continued climate changes in the future could 
lead to rising river and sea levels, extreme 
rainfall, flooding or extreme heat; these weather 
conditions could also disrupt our systems, networks 
and services.
Such incidents could have a negative impact on 
society, the quality of our services, reputation, 
profitability and customer satisfaction.
Impacted strategic objective
Leverage & expand superior networks  
• Implement a superior network, including a resilient design of our 
networks in the Netherlands by:
– Accelerating fiber roll-out for Consumer and Business Market (by 
KPN or its joint venture), increasing availability of high access 
speeds and improving in-home WiFi coverage
– Enabling the latest innovative mobile technologies by 
modernization of mobile network
– Moving to All-IP infrastructure
• Simplify and streamline operating model: acceleration of 
simplification, automation and digitalization program for improved 
quality of service
• In order to increase our operational performance as a company KPN 
has established the Operations Stability Program. This KPN-wide 
program is focused at increasing the availability of our (critical) 
services to our customers. It consists of several streams, not 
only addressing business continuity management, architecture and 
recovery times, but also cultural and behavioral aspects
• Monitor performance of technical infrastructure (e.g. traffic growth 
and utilization rate), IT (predictive analysis of required maintenance), 
and network components, connections and platforms, and also 
improve (insight in) network redundancy
• Continuous improvement of operational processes and systems 
(including problem management) and improvement of technical 
workforce in capacity, knowledge and skills
• Business continuity management of all assets and technical 
buildings needed for continuous delivery and evaluation of their 
dependencies, continuity of internal processes and data-lakes in 
internal or public cloud, online and offline back-up and recovery 
plans in case of emergencies or ransomware attacks and adequate 
external communication (e.g. escalation procedures, corporate crisis 
management teams and public affairs)
• Insurance agreements to cover liability claims of customers or third 
parties in case of service interruptions
• Continued implementation of the regularly updated KPN Security 
Policy which is aligned with acknowledged standards (NIST, ISO, 
OWASP, CIS benchmarks, etc)
• Perform scenario analyses for climate change: assess the effects 
of climate change (such as flooding or heating risks) on our 
critical infrastructure and implement additional protective measures 
where necessary
• KPN’s activities to acquire annual recertification for ISO, including 
e.g. ISO14001
• BeAlert team for Ukraine-Russia situation to closely monitor possible 
security threats
Likelihood: Medium
Impact: High
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI:
• NPS NL
• Network availability
• # Major incidents
• Damage per incident 
per service
• Number of (#) fiber 
homes passed  
Strategic 
transformation
KPN may not make sufficient progress in realizing 
the necessary simplification and transformation 
actions, for example by phasing out legacy 
networks and systems, by simplifying our processes 
and services, by digitalizing our business, by 
organizational transformation (more lean and flat), 
by post-merger integration of our acquisitions 
or by strengthening our capabilities and culture. 
These actions must lead to necessary cost 
reductions, increased agility (e.g. less complexity 
and improved time-to-market of new innovative 
services), increased digitalized operations and 
higher quality of services (e.g. higher NPS and 
first-time right).
Global pandemics or other crises could delay the 
implementation of restructurings and consequently 
could lead to lower cost savings in the medium 
term. If KPN cannot realize simplification and 
transformation in time, we may not able to 
adequately respond to actions of our competitors 
• Define a long-term vision for KPN’s future (e.g. Strategy27)
• Lean operating model: acceleration of simplification and
digitalization program (digital customer interaction, digital employee 
mindset, simple IT architecture and technology and phaseout of 
copper network). This will lead to improved time-to-market, better 
quality of service and a simplified and agile organization. Additionally, 
it will lead to a structural lower level of operational costs
• Rationalization of networks, IT, products and services, data centers 
and technical infrastructure
• Increased use of standard (cloud) building blocks in networks
• Focused innovation and govern innovations and simplification at 
executive level; strong planning of new innovation, simplification and 
organizational improvement projects
Likelihood: Medium
Impact: Medium
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI: 
• Opex reduction
• Progress on strategic 
transformation programs
• # Fiber homes passed
209 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 210:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
and could lead to lower cost savings, less room for 
new Capex and lower profitability in future.
Impacted strategic objective
Simplify & streamline operating model
Sustainability KPN may fail to meet stakeholder expectations 
relating to energy, emissions, sustainability 
and biodiversity. This could lead to loss of 
customers, loss of profitability in the future and 
reputational damage.
KPN respects and protects human rights in all our 
business dealings. KPN may not have full insight in 
all business practices of our contracted partners and 
their relationships and may not be able to effectuate 
sufficient control. As a consequence, KPN may not 
be able to comply with human rights regulations and 
standards in all parts of its supply chain.
KPN promotes social and digital inclusion. However, 
KPN may not be able to fulfill our purpose to connect 
everyone in The Netherlands; some customer 
groups may not be able to understand, use or afford 
our services or may not be able to contact KPN in a 
way they prefer.
Impacted strategic objective
  Generic, recognized as ESG frontrunner  
• Embed sustainability in execution of our corporate strategy
• Maintain KPN’s climate-neutral performance
• Continued efforts on reducing energy usage and emissions for our 
own operations and in the supply chain (net zero in 2040)
• Implement circular operations and services to reduce our footprint, 
e.g. by collecting customer equipment for reuse and recycling, 
increasing the longevity of our products and use less virgin materials, 
avoid single use plastics and lower risk on critical raw materials
• Continue KPN’s CO2e reduction objectives as approved by the 
Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTI), which means they are in line 
with the climate goals of the Paris Agreement
• Measure energy savings by ICT solutions for our customers
• Strong focus on ESG in the value chain and a proactive approach 
towards topics with increased societal interest, such as human rights
• External communication program about KPN’s activities on 
corporate social responsibility, sustainability and on energy 
management and the benefits for KPN’s stakeholders such as 
customers and Dutch society
• Together with Groene Netten and Naturalis Biodiversity Center KPN 
is working on the mapping of opportunities to enhance biodiversity
• Promote human rights in the supply chain, e.g. via:
– KPN’s human rights board chaired by a member of BoM, that 
monitors adherence of human rights regulations by KPN and 
its suppliers
– Supplier Code of Conduct, containing requirements relating to a.o. 
human rights and labor conditions; the Code is based on the UN 
Guiding Principles on businesses and human rights
– Perform due diligence of suppliers via EcoVadis (only Tier 
1 suppliers)
– Onsite audits by JAC Human Rights Workstream at (high 
risk) suppliers
• Promote social and digital inclusion, e.g. via KPN Klasgenoot, 
KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds and adherence to Web Content 
Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) standards in developing our 
websites and services
• Management remuneration linked to sustainability
Likelihood: Low
Impact: Low
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI: 
• Energy consumption
• Carbon emissions
• Circularity (long-
term goal:
close to 100% as of 2025)
• Percentage of waste
• Ranking in MSCI,
Sustainalytics and
CDP or similar ratings
  
Information 
and 
cybersecurity 
threats
Unauthorized access, modification and disclosure 
within KPN’s technical infrastructure, IT and 
(customer and company) data. This risk could be 
caused by:
• Malicious actions and attacks by actors such 
as nation-states, organized criminals, hacktivists, 
terrorists and insiders
• Vulnerabilities in KPN’s systems, applications 
or platforms
• Technological developments such as 
quantum computing
The risk could lead to:
• Loss or leakage of confidential information (KPN 
and customer data)
• Disruption of our telecom services to customers
• Reputation damage, high remedial costs, fines, loss 
of customers, declining results of operations
• Increased regulation and supervision thereof
Impacted strategic objective
  Generic; Leverage & expand superior networks  
• Implementation of baseline security measures according to the 
KPN Security Policy (KSP), which are aligned with acknowledged 
standards (NIST, ISO, OWASP, CIS benchmarks, etc)
• Continuous improvement of security according to the KPN 
security lifecycle
• Role-based security awareness of KPN employees, partners 
and suppliers
• Enhanced risk intelligence and increased network visibility
• Continuous development of security capabilities (people, processes 
and technology)
• Execution of strategic security actions, e.g. permanent vulnerability 
management, identity and access management, security monitoring, 
operational security testing (pentesting) and security incident & 
event management
• Increase cybersecurity exercises to improve response readiness
• Knowledge and threat intelligence sharing with the NCSC, leading 
Dutch and EU telecom operators, vendors and the global 
CERT community
• Proactive stakeholder and reputation management including 
dialogue with regulators, national security agencies and 
decision makers
• Insurance agreements to cover liability claims of customers or third 
parties in case of cyber attacks
Likelihood: High
Impact: High
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI: 
• Number and severity of
security alerts 
and incidents
• Number and severity of
expired KSP exceptions
• Number and severity of
network & asset
vulnerabilities
  
210 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 211:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
• Dedicated program to implement Ministerial Decree
regulations in a structured and effective manner
• Establishment of security compliance monitoring and reporting 
function in CISO department
Regulatory 
compliance
KPN may face issues in relation to non-compliance 
with regulation, including –but not limited 
to– telecommunications, privacy and consumer 
protection regulations. These incidents can lead to 
fines or have a negative impact on KPN’s reputation 
and relationship with regulators and/or supervisors.
Impacted strategic objective
  Generic  
• Centralized organization for compliance and risk management
• Compliance training sessions for staff and management, for 
example e-learnings about the company codes for all KPN staff 
in the Netherlands
• Proactive internal compliance investigations
• Surveys and culture improvement programs
• Improving and maintaining a robust internal control framework 
dedicated to complying with specific regulations
• Ringfencing wholesale within KPN’s organization
• Quarterly compliance report to Board of Management
Likelihood: Medium
Impact: Medium
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI: 
• Fines
• # compliance incidents
reported to regulator
• Results of annual
compliance survey  
Tax Tax risks:
• Adverse decisions or interpretations of tax 
authorities on pending disputes or changes in tax 
treaties, tax laws, OECD guidelines, EU Directives 
and other rules could have a material adverse effect 
on KPN’s net result and cash flow.
• Notwithstanding the fact that KPN is committed 
to being fully compliant with the relevant laws 
and regulations and adheres to its tax strategy 
and policy (see ir.kpn.com), some of KPN’s tax 
positions could be perceived negatively by the 
political environment and society, which could lead 
to reputational damage.
• With regard to WBSO and Innovation Box benefits: 
KPN has a volatile number of eligible hours for 
WBSO, mainly due to Divestments, Mergers and 
Acquisitions (DM&A) and lower qualifying Capex 
budgets for innovation.
• If business results do not meet expectations, KPN’s 
net DTA may have to be impaired.
• The introduction of new mobile consumer 
propositions in August 2016 caused a change in 
the VAT calculation methodology which resulted 
in a lower remittance of VAT from August 2016 
until December 2018. KPN’s view is not shared 
by the Dutch tax authorities. KPN concluded, 
based on the applicable regulations, that a positive 
outcome of this dispute is not highly probable 
and therefore recorded a contract liability for 
the VAT amount. Additionally, an amount for the 
corresponding interest amount has been accounted 
for. A potential final negative outcome of the current 
court procedure will lead to a negative cash flow in 
future years.
• The German Tax Authorities finalized their tax 
audit of the remaining/former E-Plus companies. 
The overall net impact is zero. As all relevant tax 
years have been audited, KPN will now proceed to 
dissolve the respective legal entities.
Impacted strategic objective
Generic
  
• Act in line with our company-wide tax strategy and tax principles
• Continuous monitoring of internal control framework for key tax 
risk areas
• Maintain good working relationships with tax authorities and provide 
them with required information if and when relevant
• Tax planning, while remaining compliant with all relevant laws, 
regulations and international standards
• All KPN's tax positions need to pass the ‘mirror test’
• If (taxable) profits do not develop according to plan, timely action/tax 
planning is needed to avoid impairment (loss) of DTA
• Defending KPN’s position through court procedures
Likelihood: Medium-high
Impact: High
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI: 
• Effectiveness of tax 
control framework  
211 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 212:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
Electro-
magnetic 
fields
Although there is no evidence that electromagnetic 
fields of (mobile) equipment or base stations pose 
health risks, a change in this view could expose us 
to significant claims and litigations, a severe drop 
in our mobile business or high compliance costs of 
new laws and regulations (e.g. major changes in our 
mobile networks).
Public perception of electromagnetic fields or 
actions of anti-5G movements (including litigations) 
could delay the roll-out of mobile networks or 
disrupt our (critical) communications equipment, 
which could lead to service interruptions and higher 
costs of operations.
Impacted strategic objective
Leverage & expand superior networks  
• Monitor national and international scientific research on the effects 
of electromagnetic fields on health, provide data to longitudinal and 
other research
• Strict adherence to all national and international standards for 
electromagnetic fields
• Increase pressure on government (EU -via GSMA- and national) to 
steer the EMF debate
• Provide adequate and scientific information to the public regarding 
the effects of electromagnetic fields
• Start of escalation procedures and continuous consultation with 
police, local authorities, industry representatives (Monet) and 
owners of mobile sites for preventive and protective measures (e.g. 
surveillance) to protect mobile sites
Likelihood: Very low
Impact: High
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI: 
Research developments
  
Impact of 
new 
regulations
New regulatory decisions in the EU and the 
Netherlands could affect KPN’s future operations 
and profitability, such as decisions regarding 
continuity, end-user protection, level playing field in 
access regulation and between telco and internet 
players, (national) security, and spectrum auctions.
In 2022, the ACM took a decision to declare binding 
commitments from KPN to improve the conditions 
to access KPN’s fiber networks. The commitments 
are binding until 2030. This reduces uncertainty for 
KPN and other market players for the years to come.
ACM will monitor whether this and other markets 
are competitive. Most markets were already 
liberalized in the past. The binding decision may 
be challenged in court. However, based on ACM’s 
communications, KPN sees only a small chance that 
traditional ex ante regulation will be implemented 
in the near future. There is still a discussion 
about ‘symmetric access’ obligations (without the 
need for significant market power findings) which 
have been introduced in the European Electronic 
Communications Code (that was implemented 
by 21 December 2020 in Dutch law). This is 
about wholesale access to non-replicable cable 
infrastructure to (local) customer premises. It has 
not yet been defined at national level and the ACM 
may – upon request of operators – define a broader 
application of the provision than the rather local 
scope of the obligation that is currently foreseen 
by KPN.
Impacted strategic objective
Generic  
• Proactive stakeholder and reputation management including 
dialogue with regulators (e.g. with ACM based on KPN’s open access 
wholesale policy), national security agencies and decision makers
• Proactive open access wholesale offer to ACM and market
• Periodic report to Board of Management on status of new laws and 
regulations, and where necessary scenario analyses on the possible 
impact for KPN
• Legal proceedings where deemed necessary
• Dedicated program to implement new regulations in a structured and 
effective manner
Likelihood: Medium
Impact: Medium-high
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI: 
• Regulatory 
developments (NL, EU)  
Uncertainty 
about KPN’s 
future 
business 
model to 
recover high 
investments
  
The telecom and ICT market is characterized 
by strong competition, accelerating changes in 
customer behavior, accelerating technological 
developments, increasing price pressure and 
shrinking markets. Due to these developments, 
high investments in our assets such as technical 
infrastructure (access and core networks), IT 
infrastructure, licenses and goodwill may not be 
recovered as KPN’s business models to generate 
revenue and cash flow streams could change 
in future. Also, changes in assumptions such as 
profitability, network penetration, long-term growth 
and discount rate could negatively affect the value 
• Strong Capex planning, supported by data-driven decision-making 
process and based on ROCE and NPV analyses
• Cross- and upselling of new services such as IoT, cloud, security and 
content to add value to our connectivity and access portfolio (BM) 
and deep-selling of telecom services in households (CM)
• Customer lifetime value (CLV) steering by monitoring end-to-end 
profitability of services and business lines
• Long-term vision on our networks, to optimize and align future 
investments (both timing, size and technology) with our commercial 
portfolio, market developments and financial performance
• KPN's Accelerate to Grow strategy; continuous monitoring of 
realization strategic business plans and performance, e.g. utilization 
and return on investments
Likelihood: Medium
Impact: Medium-high
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI:
• ROCE
• Capex as % of revenues
• Network utilization
• CLV
• Group service
revenues
212 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 213:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
of cash-generating units. These factors could lead 
to impairments of tangible assets, such as mobile 
and fixed networks, and of intangible assets, such as 
licenses and goodwill.
Impacted strategic objective
Leverage & expand superior networks
Grow & strengthen customer footprint  
• Develop strategic partnerships and investigate options for 
network sharing
• Implement a solid investment policy
• Monitor profitability of the cash-generating units and 
network penetration
Delay of roll-
out new 
networks
To meet future customer needs and to stay ahead of 
our competitors, KPN must continuously invest in its 
infrastructure to upgrade, modernize and simplify 
its networks and supporting systems.
The modernization of our networks (e.g. fiber roll-
out) could be delayed, for example due to higher 
costs, lack of construction capacity (e.g. caused by 
lack of skilled personnel), complexities in the roll-out 
of fiber in higher buildings in cities, negotiations 
with municipalities, pandemics or other crises, or 
initiatives of (new) competitors. A delay in the 
roll-out could subsequently impede our network 
rationalization initiatives, for example the phase out 
of our copper network.
In areas where KPN has not yet rolled-out a fiber 
network, other providers could roll out first, which 
could complicate the realization of our objective 
to connect 80% of The Netherlands in 2026. 
Additionally, it could increase the risk of ‘fiber 
overbuild’, which could impact our penetration 
rates and profitability in the longer run. Also, if 
KPN cannot generate sufficient cash flows in the 
future (e.g. due to lower number of activation 
of new customers on our networks or strong 
competition) or if KPN’s capital position declines 
(e.g. deteriorating net debt/EBITDA ratio), we 
are not able to realize and finance the required 
investments. This could subsequently lead to a 
higher churn of customers, declining market shares 
and to lower revenues and profitability in future.
Impacted strategic objective
Leverage & expand superior networks
Grow & strengthen customer footprint  
• Close long-term contracts with suppliers and contractors to 
safeguard construction capacity for the near term, including a 
flexpool of tactical partners
• Apply new innovative techniques and procedures for fast roll-out of 
fiber networks
• Develop strategic partnerships (e.g. Glaspoort) and investigate 
options for network sharing
• Continuous monitoring of realization of strategic business plans and 
performance, e.g. growth of EBITDA and FCF, network utilization, and 
return on investments
• Strong Capex planning, supported by data-driven decision making 
process and based on NPV analyses
• Perform RoCE (return on capital employed) analyses on current and 
future investments
Likelihood: Medium-high
Impact: High
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI:
  • Net cash flow from
operating activities, FCF
margin
• Progress in fiber roll-out
and mobile network
modernization
• Capex as % of revenues
• RoCE
Spectrum 
auctions
Participation in spectrum auction in the 
Netherlands in Q3 2023 or later (3.5 GHz): in 
acquiring the required frequency blocks KPN may 
have to pay a high price for – or may not be able to 
acquire – the required spectrum.
The 3.5 GHz auction has been further delayed due 
to court rulings with regard to the protection of 
Inmarsat satellite services and due to a lobby from 
local license holders. We believe that the last official 
auction date in Q2 2023 (June) is no longer feasible; 
Q3 2023 (September) is a more likely earliest auction 
date. A long delay could lead to lower service 
revenues and increasing network costs in the short 
and medium term.
Impacted strategic objective
Leverage & expand superior networks
  
• Thorough preparation by experienced KPN team and external 
experts; extensive simulation of auctions
• Investigate alternative combinations of spectrum and advanced 
techniques to meet customer demands
• Prudent financial policies to secure adequate funding
• Proactive stakeholder management and dialogue with regulators 
and decision-makers, to minimize delays and ensure that the 3.5 GHz 
spectrum can be used for 5G in the whole of the Netherlands as 
quickly as possible
Likelihood: Medium
Impact: High
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI: 
KPN spectrum 
position relative
to competitors,
€/megaherz (MHz)/pop, 
also benchmarked
against foreign auctions
213 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 214:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
New 
business 
initiatives
KPN may not be able to sufficiently grow and 
monetize new business initiatives and opportunities 
in the near future, which may jeopardize 
KPN’s profitability.
Impacted strategic objective
Grow & strengthen customer footprint
• Focused innovation initiatives such as IoT and 5G, new business as 
well as strategic partnerships and cooperation with OTT players to 
ensure KPN meets the changing customer needs and adapts to a 
dynamic market
• 5G field labs, KPN innovation playground and proof of concepts (e.g. 
in software-defined networks and network function virtualization) to 
test new technologies with customers
• Innovation & Partnerships team to incorporate innovation/growth 
themes in KPN’s strategy
• Focus innovation on six innovation and growth themes (digital 
services aggregation, cybersecurity4all, converged hybrid working, 
secure data exchanges, mission & business critical and network 
as a platform). The Innovation & Partnerships team will work on 
the execution of these themes together with the business and 
technology departments. The KPN startup community, Ventures and 
M&A scope will also be predominantly focusing on these six themes 
going forward
• KPN startup community to co-operate with startups and 
scout new innovative technologies & solutions and selective 
acquisitions thereof
• KPN Ventures to form partnerships with innovative companies
• Allocate Capex budgets for innovative new business
• Well guided migration of customers from legacy to new 
innovative portfolio
• Accelerate digitalization of processes and customer services to foster 
swift development and roll-out of new innovations
Likelihood: Medium-high
Impact: Medium
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI:
  • Revenues new business
• Take up 5G services
• Market sizes (IoT, etc)
• Incubator budget
Financing 
KPN
KPN requires solid access to (debt) capital 
markets to finance its operations and refinance its 
outstanding debt. The pressure on KPN’s financial 
framework may increase in the event of higher net 
debt levels and/or lower profitability. In that case, 
KPN might not be able to maintain its current credit 
ratings, which could negatively affect pricing and 
availability of financing resources.
Impacted strategic objective
Provide attractive shareholder returns  
KPN ensures solid access to debt capital markets by:
• Commitment to an investment-grade credit profile
• Maintaining a strong liquidity position and prefunding 
debt redemptions
• Monitoring and forecasting of metrics used by rating agencies
• Maintaining discipline in allocating capital to investment opportunities 
and shareholder remuneration
Likelihood: Low
Impact: Medium
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI: 
• Credit ratings
• Net debt/EBITDA ratio
• Liquidity forecast
• Rating metrics (used in
credit rating)
• Dividend pay out ratio,
total shareholder
remuneration
• Interest cover ratio
Volatile 
financial 
markets
Uncertainty or changes in financial markets could 
negatively affect pricing and availability of KPN’s 
funding sources.
Impacted strategic objective
Provide attractive shareholder returns  
• Cash flow forecasting to ensure sufficient liquidity headroom in both 
normal and stressed market circumstances
• Maintaining a varied maturity profile, limiting the amount of debt 
maturing in any one calendar year
• Financing upcoming debt maturities well ahead of their maturity
• Maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves in the form of cash and/or 
committed credit facilities
• Managing the mix of floating and fixed interest rates
• Diversification in funding sources
Likelihood: Medium
Impact: Medium
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI: 
• Liquidity forecast
• Redemption profile
• Fixed/floating 
interest rate
mix
• Interest cover ratio
Reliance on 
suppliers and 
their 
products and 
services, 
third-party 
risks, 
international 
supply chain 
issues
KPN relies heavily on products and services of 
external suppliers. This reliance relates to adequate 
telecommunications equipment, software and IT 
services, and contractors’ ability to build and 
roll out telecommunications networks, as well 
as suppliers’ ability to deliver technical support. 
This reliance could potentially lead to unbalanced 
supply-demand relationships and could lead to an 
inability to obtain the products and services at a 
competitive price and quality.
Suppliers could be unable to deliver the required 
products and services to KPN due to:
• Establishing a strong and centralized demand and contract 
management organization that defines, enforces and monitors 
compliance of suppliers with terms of contracts and preparation 
of re-transition plans as fall-back scenario
• Continuously monitor the availability and timely delivery of critical 
products and services with key suppliers and update business 
continuity plans accordingly. Proactively discuss with suppliers any 
risk mitigating measures to timely safeguard KPN’s supply chain
• Simplification of the supplier landscape in line with KPN’s strategy 
and cost focus
• Evaluation of outsourced activities on effectiveness and efficiency 
and (where applicable) preparation of a re-transition plan 
for insourcing
Likelihood: High
Impact: Medium-high
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI: 
• Spend development:
% spend at top 20 suppliers
• JAC audit results
214 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 215:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
• Scarcity in chips, parts, equipment or lack of skilled 
personnel (high attrition) and raw materials
• Disruptions in international logistics and 
transportation chains
• Sanctions that are imposed by governments on 
specific countries (e.g. Russia) or specific suppliers 
(e.g. as a result of breaches of legislations)
• Containment measures for pandemics and 
other crises
This could lead to disruption of our processes and 
lower quality of our services to customers.
The scarcity, in combination with increasing energy 
prices, already led to higher prices and could also 
lead to further increasing prices in future.
Furthermore, we identify the risk of an inappropriate 
level of back-to-back contracting with regards to 
customer requirements on e.g. price and services in 
supplier agreements.
Suppliers could breach relevant legislation such as 
data protection, security, privacy, IPR, human rights 
and/or environmental laws, which could negatively 
impact KPN’s reputation.
Impacted strategic objective
Leverage & expand superior networks
Note: Suppliers have a significant role in the 
realization of KPN’s strategic objectives, including 
recognition as ESG frontrunner  
• Include the possibility to terminate contracts based on non-
performance and, in that case, migration of the activities to 
other suppliers
• Include a right-to-audit clause in supplier contracts and the 
possibility to conduct regular audits
• Monitor compliance of suppliers with the KPN Security Policy
• Align customer contract requirements with supplier contract 
requirements (this alignment is part of the governance rules for 
outsourcing), in line with requirements and policies of General 
Counsel Office
• Share the KPN Supplier Code of Conduct with all suppliers and ask 
that all medium and high-risk suppliers confirm compliance with 
this code
• For high-risk suppliers, perform audit procedures to evaluate 
suppliers’ compliance with international standards for human rights 
and environmental laws. Monitoring of timely follow-up on main 
audit findings
• Promote transparent pricing and way of doing business
• Secure long-term commitments with contractors and key suppliers, 
e.g. for fiber roll-out
• Prepare fall-back scenarios (e.g. dual sourcing contracts from 
different geographical regions) when suppliers are not able to deliver 
their products and services due to effects of pandemics, natural 
disasters or geopolitical circumstances
Employment 
diversity and 
talent
KPN may not be able to attract and retain qualified 
and diverse staff members, as the war for talent 
increases rapidly. This could lead to insufficient 
competency and capacity in KPN’s workforce, but 
also to higher workload, rising sick leave and 
increasing labor costs. Also, employees or new 
candidates may have negative perceptions about 
KPN’s employer identity.
If KPN does not meet the diversity goals and 
‘social return’ requirements, this could impact KPN’s 
future profitability (e.g. lower margins in business 
market for public sector), customer satisfaction 
and reputation.
Attrition could lead to higher work pressure and/or 
key personnel leaving the company and thus 
loss of knowledge and continuity and influencing 
KPN’s demographics.
Impacted strategic objective
Generic
Recognized as ESG frontrunner
  
• Improve skilled and talented workforce by:
– Innovative and inspiring talent management programs to 
attract and maintain qualified staff (both from the Netherlands 
and abroad)
– Discover new talent and make KPN more attractive for talented 
employees across the organization
– Launch of a new employer identity and accompanying labor 
market strategy to attract external staff with the right capabilities
– Promote technical education initiatives at high schools and 
universities to attract new and diverse workforce
– Targeted development programs to attract hires on specific areas 
such as security and cloud
• Clear communication to (key) staff about KPN’s strategy and value 
their opinions
• Sustainable employability and mobility: support employees in 
acquiring different skills, enabling them to find a new role inside or 
outside KPN
• Maintain or improve employee engagement and attractiveness 
as employer
• Continued implementation of KPN’s policy to improve diversity in 
KPN’s workforce
• Implementation of a strategic plan on inclusion and social return
• Implement strategic workforce management for KPN 
wide operations
• Develop a total reward strategy and aiming for a competitive salary 
and benefits package
• Increase recruitment efforts (expansion of recruitment team) and 
campaigns externally
• Increase focus on internal development and skill building
• Investigate sourcing strategies to attract and develop new talents
  
Likelihood: Medium-high
Impact: Medium
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI:
• Employee engagement
• % women
within KPN from several
perspectives
• Ranking KPN in ‘attractive 
employer’ benchmarks
  
215 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 216:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
Adverse 
macro- 
economic 
conditions
The economic climate could deteriorate in the near 
term, for example due to the impact of inflation and 
rising prices in assets, raw materials and energy, 
increasing interest rates, geopolitical tensions 
(e.g. war in Ukraine and US-China tensions), 
pandemics, continued political uncertainties in 
Europe, increasing protectionism, climate change 
(e.g. resulting in extreme weather conditions and 
rising sea levels) and other crises. This could lead 
to declining spending of customers in both the 
Consumer and Business market and higher bad 
debt, and will consequently lead to lower future 
revenue growth, profitability and cash flows.
Impacted strategic objective
Grow & strengthen customer footprint  
• Close monitoring of and swift response to new market developments 
and trends, for example by drafting contingency plans such as plans 
for cost-cutting initiatives and restructurings
• Simplify & streamline operating model: acceleration of simplification 
and digitalization program. This will lead to improved time-to-
market, better quality of service and a simplified and agile 
organization. Additionally, this will also lead to a structurally lower 
level of operational costs
• Seizing new opportunities by innovation and introduction of new 
services, to compensate for declining telecom and IT businesses
• Closely monitor payment terms, increase of bad debt and 
bankruptcies within customer base
• Closely monitor customer trading down
Likelihood: Medium-high
Impact: Medium
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI
• Order intake, sales
• Organic revenue growth
• Bad debt, deferred 
customer payments
• Opex levels
Pandemics Global epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19 
and the accompanying containment measures 
could have several adverse effects on our business 
in the coming years:
• Lower business revenues, for example caused 
by lower roaming revenues and cancellations or 
postponement of sales contracts in business market 
(e.g. IT projects).
• Increasing interruptions in the continuity and 
quality of our services, for example caused by 
sick leave of key personnel or disruptions in the 
international supply chain leading to shortage of 
network equipment or devices.
• Lower operational cash flows due to increasing bad 
debt in Consumer, Wholesale or Business market 
(especially when the Dutch government reduces its 
COVID-19 support packages).
Overall, the risk could lead to lower profitability of 
our operations and declining customer satisfaction.
Impacted strategic objective
Grow & strengthen customer footprint
Leverage & expand superior networks  
• Implement a superior network including a resilient design of our 
networks in the Netherlands, to offer our customers reliable and 
robust telecom services
• Hire trained staff that are committed to delivering a high quality of 
customer services amid the challenging conditions of a pandemic
• Offer excellent remote customer services e.g. via video chats 
or helpdesks
• Accelerate the digitalization program for improved digital customer 
journeys and quality of service
• Continuously assess our revenue risk profile and focus on services 
that are relevant for customers during a pandemic, such as 
broadband, security and videoconferencing services
• Implement protective and preventive measures for engineers and 
shop personnel; implement strong network facilities for office staff to 
work from home
• Corporate Pandemic team that co-ordinates, in close cooperation 
with Board of Management, the necessary actions in response to 
national virus developments and new regulations
• Continue the execution of cost-saving programs, to offset 
declining revenues. Revisit roaming contracts and improve working 
capital management
• Prepare fall-back scenarios and dual sourcing contracts (from 
different geographical regions) when suppliers are not able to 
deliver their products and services due to effects of pandemics or 
containment measures
Likelihood: Medium
Impact: Low-medium
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI
• Order intake, sales
• Group service
revenue growth
• Bad debt, deferred 
customer payments  
High-risk 
vendors: 
Geopolitical 
developments 
for suppliers, 
which could 
trigger 
security, 
business 
continuity 
and 
reputational 
risks
  
Geopolitical volatility, driven by rising international 
tensions, protectionism and security concerns, may 
impact our ability to do (sourcing) business in 
any part of the world. These concerns could 
lead to bans and other sanctions on suppliers 
of hardware and software from countries with 
offensive cybersecurity activities. Such sanctions 
could significantly impact the supply chain and 
products of those suppliers and consequently could 
also harm KPN’s availability, innovation roadmap, 
and use of network equipment. Additionally, public 
opinion of these vendors and the use of their 
services could lead to reputational damage and loss 
of consumer or business customers.
The Dutch government or other regulating bodies 
may impose additional security requirements or 
ultimately ban a vendor in order to mitigate or 
prevent possible security issues that some vendors 
(or the originating countries) could bring for 
Dutch society. If we can no longer use equipment 
from those vendors in (parts of) our networks, it 
could lead to higher and unexpected investment 
• Conduct frequent threat analyses and closely monitor latest global 
and political developments in general and specifically US and 
EU actions regarding suppliers from countries with offensive 
cybersecurity activities
• Perform scenario analyses during network and solution design 
to assess potential implications of geopolitical developments for 
suppliers and impact thereof on associated risks
• Prepare fall-back scenarios and policies if KPN can no longer acquire 
or use hardware and software from specific suppliers and avoid 
reliance on single vendors or countries for critical or vital services
• Implement new governmental regulations by defining KPN’s critical 
assets and implementing technical and process security measures in 
order to sustain trusted service delivery
• Ensure good relations and exchange with relevant national security 
agencies and political decision-makers
• Maintain strong PR and communication with customers and other 
stakeholders regarding the use of equipment from specific suppliers 
and KPN’s high security standards
• Maintain structural risk management and governance processes for 
high-risk vendors in the sourcing and tender processes to be able to 
respond to global and political developments for vendors and their 
country of origin
Likelihood: High
Impact: High
Trend: Stable
Monitoring KPI:
N/a  
216 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 217:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Category Risk Countermeasures Evaluation
and maintenance costs in future. Next to that, 
compliance with security regulations could lead 
-also for existing suppliers- to higher costs for KPN.
Impacted strategic objective
Leverage & expand superior networks  
• Include the possibility to terminate contracts due to geopolitical 
developments and governmental decisions
• In the longer term, consider using open source and standardized 
network equipment and interfaces to limit reliance on specific 
suppliers or proprietary hardware and software
• Maintain the KPN Security Policy and monitor continuous 
compliance with security requirements
Inflation KPN could be faced with increasing inflation 
and cost levels in the near future. The rising 
inflation is caused by high energy prices, scarcity of 
equipment/raw materials (refer to the risk 'Reliance 
on suppliers and their products and services') 
and scarcity in labor capacity, but also by other 
factors such as monetary policies of central banks 
(monetary easing, and current and future interest 
rate hikes), changing foreign exchange rates, higher 
lease expenses, global economic recovery, climate 
change, geopolitical tensions and international 
conflicts. Additionally, KPN and our suppliers could 
be faced with increasing wages and salaries in the 
near future. Also, if we raise our prices as a result of 
inflation, customers may no longer be able to afford 
KPN’s services.
With regards to supplier contracts, it is likely that 
the inflation will exceed the indexation thresholds. 
KPN may not be able to (1) fully offset resulting cost 
increases, and (2) to pass on (a part of) the higher 
costs to our customers. Consequently, the higher 
costs could have a material adverse effect on KPN’s 
Opex and Capex levels, results of operations, cash 
flows and financial condition.
Impacted strategic objective
Generic  
• Close long-term contracts with suppliers with fixed price agreements
• Close hedge and other forward contracts for energy and other 
materials where possible
• Increase breadth of supplier base, renegotiate terms and conditions 
with existing suppliers
• Increase -where possible- our tariffs and subscription rates, e.g. in line 
with Consumer Price Indices
• Limit the increase of interest costs by managing the mix of floating 
and fixed interest rates (the majority of our debt has fixed rates) and 
by maintaining a well spread debt redemption profile
• Implement cost saving and efficiency programs to limit cost increases 
where possible
Likelihood: High
Impact: Medium-high
Trend: Stable Risk
Monitoring KPI: 
• Consumer Price Indices
• Opex and Capex levels
• EBITDA and FCF
• Interest rates
Energy 
availability
Energy supply in the Netherlands could not 
be sufficiently available in the future to meet 
KPN’s energy needs; additionally, energy prices 
could further rise to levels that energy sources 
are no longer affordable. The shortages or 
high prices could be caused by international 
conflicts that could hamper the supply of oil, 
gas or other energy sources, shortages in 
national or European backup systems and severe 
weather conditions. Furthermore, the transition to 
sustainable energy sources could lead to shortages 
due to increasing demand for electricity or network 
congestions. Energy shortages could lead to service 
interruptions or lower service quality in future, and 
subsequently to lower customer satisfaction and 
results of operations.
Impacted strategic objective
Generic  
• Close hedge and other forward contracts for energy where possible
• Use alternative energy sources, e.g. via solar panels on technical 
buildings and wind farms on sea
• Reduce energy to the max:
– Migrate customers from copper network to energy efficient 
fiber network
– Optimize mobile network as much as possible, e.g. by adopting 
traffic-based power consumption
– Rationalize data centers and optimize virtualization
– Optimize energy use in metro core locations (e.g. reduce 
cooling systems)
– Reduce number of office and technical buildings where possible
– Diminish dependance on gas in technical buildings
Likelihood: Low
Impact: High
Trend: Increasing Risk
Monitoring KPI: 
• Energy prices
• Geopolitical 
developments 
and conflicts
• Energy reduction
217 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 218:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 9: Social figures
KPN is a company based in the Netherlands and this is our only country of operation. Therefore the numbers 
in this Appendix refer to this region. An employee is an individual who is in an employment relationship with 
KPN according to national law or practice. According to the Dutch and European law (AVG and GDPR), we 
are not allowed to register ethic nor racial background, nor are we allowed to register nationality. For the 
determination of the Social Figures we measure the headcount and FTEs for the end of our reporting period. 
Only the internships are measured throughout the whole year due to the fact that an internship last shorter 
than a year in most cases.   
Table 1: Total number of employees (in FTE and number)
2022 2021 2020
FTE Number FTE Number FTE Number
Overall 9,452 9,975 9,699 10,285 10,102 10,691
Table 2: Gender proportion among employees (in FTE and number, both as % of total)
2022 2021 2020
FTE Number FTE Number FTE Number
Male 79.5 77.9 80.0 78.2 80.3 78.6
Female 20.5 22.1 20.0 21.8 19.7 21.4
Table 3: Employee contract type (in % of total number of employees)
2022 2021 2020
Permanent 97.1 97.5 96.6
Temporary 2.9 2.5 3.4
Part-time 27.5 28.4 27.2
Full-time 72.5 71.6 72.8
Table 4: Composition of employees per age category (in % of total number of employees)
2022 2021 2020
< 30 years 7.4 7.1 7.7
30 - 50 years 49.6 51.2 51.7
> 50 years 43.0 41.7 40.6
Table 5: Absentee rate (per 100 FTE)
2022 2021 2020
Absentee rate 5.7 4.6 4.2
218 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 219:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Table 6: Remuneration difference and gender proportion in % between men and women per management level1
2022 2021
Difference Male Female Difference Male Female
Overall workforce 2.2 78 22 1.7 78 22
PLA 2.2 73 27 -1.3 75 25
Sub Top 0.5 71 29 -8.5 77 23
Scale 12 and higher 3.0 82 18 5.9 82 18
1 Direct reports to the Board of Management in management positions
Table 7: Employees covered by a collective labor agreement (in % of total number of employees)
2022 2021 2020
Workforce represented in a formal joint management-worker health and safety committee 99.0 98.9 98.9
Collective labor agreement1 93.1 93.2 92.3
1 Employees who are not covered by CLA are employees under a personal labour agreement
Table 8: Employee training (in average hours and euro per FTE)
2022 2021 2020
Hours/FTE 37.2 54.8 67.7
Euro/FTE 1,552 1,499 1,507
Table 9: Employee turnover (in % of total number of employees)
2022 2021 2020
Intake 7.5 1.1 2.0
Exit 10.7 11.4 11.6
Table 10: Accident and fatality rate
2022 2021 2020
Accidents (% of total employee number) 0.45 0.38 0.43
Fatality rate (accidents per 100 FTE) 0 0 0
Table 11: Other type employees (number of employees)
2022
Workers who are not employees and whose work is controlled by KPN1 3,735
Internships 111
Workers with non guaranteed hours 0
1 External personnel from employment agencies
219 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 220:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 10: Supply chain
Risk level decision maker
  
Yearly contractual spend? >€100k
 No risk area
 Risk area
(deﬁnition based on EcoVadis 
country risk mapping)
Production in?
Tangible / Product
(products such as hardware, handsets,  
CPE, connection equipment)
 Risk area 
(East Europe, Asia,  
Latin America)
Buying by EU reseller or distributor?
Intangible / Service 
(software products / licenses, consulting)
 No risk area
(West Europe, North America, 
Japan, Australasia)
<€100k
Medium risk
Signed supplier 
Code of Conduct 
(SCOC)
No risk
Signed supplier 
 Code of Conduct
High-risk
Signed SCOC and 
onsite audit
yes no
220 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 221:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Assessing our suppliers
KPN works together with suppliers in order to purchase their 
products and services. We critically review these suppliers in 
terms of their environmental impact and the working conditions 
of their staff.
Our sourcing process (new, extension or renewal of products 
or services) therefore includes a qualification process. This 
entails classifying the supplier based on the potential social 
and environmental risks that its operations, products and 
services represent.
We assess these risks based on three parameters (see decision 
tree on the previous page):
• Geographical areas
• Spend
• Potential environmental impact of a supplier’s operations, 
products or services
For the definition of the risk of countries of production we use the 
EcoVadis country risk mapping.
In total we have 4,837 Tier I suppliers, and 1,327 contracted Tier 
I suppliers. In 2022, we identified 29 high-risk suppliers based on 
the definition above.
JAC audits
High risk Tier I, Tier II, Tier III and Tier IV suppliers to KPN are 
audited by the JAC.
Between 2010 and 2022, together with other JAC members, 652 
audits were carried out in production plants (Tier I, II, III and IV) in 
Asia, North America, Latin America, Eastern and Western Europe 
and Oceania, covering a total of about 1.5 million workers. During 
2022, audits were conducted in Brazil, Cambodja, China, India, Italy, 
Mexico, Nigeria, Poland, Russia, South Africa, Sweden, Taiwan, 
United States and Vietnam.
The table below shows the total numbers of CSR issues recorded 
during on-site audits conducted on behalf of JAC in 2022.
CSR issues Raised Closed Pending
Child Labour & Juvenile workers 9 3 6
Forced Labour 14 5 9
Health and Safety 226 112 114
Freedom of Association 7 2 5
Discrimination 6 1 5
Disciplinary Practices 3 3 -
Working Hours 66 33 33
Wages And Compensation 50 26 24
Environment 98 38 60
Business Ethics 53 15 38
Total 532 238 294
221 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 222:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 11: Environmental figures
Note
As outlined in the Combined Independent Auditor’s Report 
and assurance report (page 176), this Appendix is part of the 
assurance scope of EY’s assurance procedures over KPN’s 2022 
sustainability information.
Scope and calculation methodologies
Scope and calculation of reported emissions
The report includes reporting on CO2e emissions in the chapter 
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible 
supply chain (p. 50) and this Appendix. Reporting is done in 
accordance with the guidance and standards of the GHG Protocol 
and the ISO 14064-1 standard. KPN uses the operational control 
approach when reporting CO2 emissions. Carbon dioxide (CO2) is 
the most relevant GHG for KPN. Where available, CH4 and N2O are 
taken into consideration in the GHG emissions information. KPN 
applies the CO₂e emission factors from co2emissiefactoren.nl as 
published in the year of reporting. The term ‘CO2e emissions’ is 
used to refer to the GHG emissions reported on. These are stated 
in CO2 equivalents.
Scope 1 – Direct emissions
• Fuel consumption of the lease vehicle fleet (employees’ 
passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles)
• Heating of buildings (gas)
• Consumption of coolants for air conditioning and/or cooling
• Fuel consumption of emergency power generators
Scope 2 – Indirect emissions
• Electricity consumption of the fixed and mobile networks, data 
centers, offices and shops
• District heating
• District cooling
The accuracy of the electricity consumption data is a key 
factor in the reliability of the CO₂e emissions calculations. In 
the data-collection process, a number of factors affect the 
accuracy of the collected data. In general, data originating 
from direct measurements and recordings or invoices, including 
measurements from third parties, are the most accurate.
The net Scope 2 emissions are market-based and calculated 
based on the well-to-wheel (WTW) CO2e emissions factors for 
renewable electricity. For renewables (wind, biomass, solar), 
the WTW values are all zero. The CO2e emissions of the 
well-to-tank (WTT) phase are accounted for in our Scope 3 
emissions (category 3 – fuel and energy-related activities). Both 
the location-based and market-based Scope 2 emissions can 
be found in Our performance: Environmental performance and 
responsible supply chain (p. 50).
Electricity providers estimate the consumption for part of our 
network operations - as monthly meter readings are not always 
conducted - so there is some uncertainty around the accuracy 
and completeness of our energy consumption. To improve the 
accuracy, transparency and reliability of our energy data, we are 
migrating to remote readable meters, reviewing administrative 
processes and updating profiles with our electricity providers.
Scope 2 emissions restated
In 2021, the Scope 2 emissions have been calculated using the 
2022 emission factors. This has been recalculated using the 2021 
emission factors. The impact of the restatement for 2021 amounts 
to 25kTon.
Scope 3 – Other indirect emissions:
• Emissions in the upstream value chain (during the production 
phase of products, services and equipment at suppliers)
• Emissions in the downstream value chain (during the use 
phase, including recycling and disposal of the products, services 
and equipment)
The results are presented in Our performance: Environmental 
performance and responsible supply chain (p. 50). We have 
used two main methodologies to calculate Scope 3 emissions: 
the spend-based method, which takes procurement data and 
calculates the emissions within an environmentally extended 
input output (EEIO) model to assess the emissions, and the 
process-based method, which uses quantity-based data to 
evaluate the emissions associated with specific activities, e.g. 
kWh of energy usage or quantity of materials purchased to 
manufacture goods. In both cases, we used actual data covering 
January to December.
CO₂e emissions of CAT5 waste could not be calculated with the 
spend-based approach. Spend on waste services is integrated 
with spend of service partners. Hence, the CO₂e emissions are not 
disclosed separately, but included in CAT1 and CAT2.
Scope 3 emissions restated
Each year, all parameters used in the Scope 3 calculations are 
checked whether new values are available or not. In 2022, we 
learned that the previously reported Scope 3 emissions needed 
to be restated, both due to an error as well as refinements of 
data used in the calculation method. The error relates to an 
incorrect calculation of inflation adjustments in the spend-based 
approach, which had to be corrected. The refinement consisted 
a.o. of using active TV set-top boxes instead of sold set-top boxes, 
222 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 223:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
taking into account Wifi amplifier sales, Solcon modems, fiber 
customer equipment (ONT) and full year financial figures instead 
of extrapolating the last month. Accordingly, we recalculated 
2019-2021 and baseyear 2014 to make the figures comparable. 
We determined that the differences with previously reported 
Scope 3 emissions are considered significant enough to make 
restatements. For example, the Scope 3 emissions over 2021 
are 17% lower than the emissions previously reported. We have 
restated all three previous years, including the baseline. Please 
refer to table 7 for the Scope 3 emissions and the effect of 
the restatement.
The following table describes the calculation of emission 
methods, coverage and assurance.
Scope CO₂e Standard Scope Coverage Approach Reported Assurance
Sources and 
additional information
Scope 1 GHG Protocol 
Scope 1 
Guidance
Netherlands 98% of all KPN business 
units and subsidiaries 
(Opex/FTE)
Operational 
control approach
Gross and Net 
Scope 1 
emissions
Reasonable co2emissiefactoren.nl January 2022
Gold standard and REDD+ forest 
compensation projects
Scope 2 GHG Protocol 
Scope 2 
Guidance
Netherlands 98% of all KPN business 
units and subsidiaries 
(Opex/FTE)
Operational 
control approach
Market- and 
Location-
based Scope 2 
emissions
Reasonable co2emissiefactoren.nl January 2022
100% renewable 
electricity (windfarms)
Scope 3 Cat: 1, 
2, 5, 9
GHG Protocol 
Scope 3 
Guidance
Netherlands 98% of all KPN business 
units and subsidiaries 
(Opex/FTE)
Spend-based 
(Environmentally 
Extended Input 
Output data 
(EEIO) approach)
Scope 3 
emissions
Limited UK DEFRA 2011 (Indirect emissions 
from the supply chain) and CBS 
Statline The EEIO-factors are 
corrected for inflation.
Scope 3 Cat: 
3, 6, 7, 11, 13
GHG Protocol 
Scope 3 
Guidance
Netherlands 98% of all KPN business 
units and subsidiaries 
(Opex/FTE)
Process- and activity-
based
Scope 3 
emissons
Limited co2emissiefactoren.nl January 2022
Emissions Cat 11 and 13 of used 
electricity by customers with location 
based scope 2 factor (grid mix)
Scope 3 Cat: 
4, 8, 10, 12, 14, 
15
GHG Protocol 
Scope 3 
Guidance
Netherlands 98% of all KPN business 
units and subsidiaries 
(Opex/FTE)
Not applicable for KPN Not applicable Not 
applicable
Not applicable
Energy consumption and carbon emissions avoided through 
customers using our IT solutions
The calculation of avoided energy consumption, CO₂e emissions 
and cost reduction for customers is based on models per service. 
The results are presented in Our performance: Environmental 
performance and responsible supply chain (p. 50) and in Table 9 
in this Appendix.
Avoided energy consumption Kind of avoidance (most impact) KPN measurement Source external information
Teleworking (enabled by 
KPN connectivity)
Avoided travel Market share of broadband subscribers Publicly available statistics and reports 
from Statistics Netherlands (CBS), 
Kennisinstituut voor Mobiliteitsbeleid 
(KIM), ECN, Netbeheer Nederland, 
Milieu Centraal, RVO, Telecompaper and 
other sources
KPN hosting Electricity savings Volume-hosting services Statistics Netherlands (CBS)
iTV cloud solution Energy and raw materials savings Number of customers, energy consumption 
KPN Cloud for iTV
Stichting KijkOnderzoek
We used most data covering full year, and data covering January 
to November in the calculation extrapolated for the full year. 
The extrapolation was required due to unavailability of full year 
public and internal data. Examples are average gas prices for 
consumers, and electricity usage of external datacenters. All 
parameters are annually checked by KPN for updates. In case of 
changes or new services are introduced in calculation methods, 
we involve external consultants. In the teleworking calculation for 
2022, we made a more accurate calculation of the car fleet in the 
Netherlands by including plug-in hybrid, hybrid and electric cars. 
This is based on share of electric vehicles by RVO. In addition, 
we removed dematerialization, audioconferencing and video 
conferencing in the calculation. These factors were outdated and 
the services were terminated.
For the parameters saved on office space and the extra electricity 
and gas consumption at home when working at home (rebound 
effect), the values used in the teleworking savings calculation are 
based on averages. We use the average between the lowest and 
highest reported value in reports and research. Cost savings are 
based on the average fuel, electricity and gas prices published by 
Statistics Netherlands (CBS) and Milieu Centraal.
223 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 224:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Scope and calculations for KPI % reuse and recycling
The KPI % reuse and recycling covers the outflow of KPN 
materials and waste destined to be reused, recycled, incinerated 
or landfilled. This means the scope includes, but is not limited to:
• Regular waste streams from KPN offices and operations
• Obsolete (end-of-use) equipment and inventory coming from 
KPN operations, offices and shops
• Obsolete (end-of-use) customer-premises equipment and 
mobile phones that are collected via KPN return programs 
and processed by KPN or on KPN’s behalf
The scope therefore does not include obsolete (end-of-use) 
customer-premises equipment, mobile phones and related 
packaging that are not collected via KPN return programs. 
In this case, the customer is responsible for disposing of 
this in accordance with the law, regulations and local waste-
collection procedures.
The outflow of materials and waste is reported in table 10. 
The following disposal methods are reported with reference to 
GRI-306-2: reuse (i), recycling (ii, iii), incineration (iv, v) and landfill 
(vii). The other disposal methods, i.e. deep well injection (vi), on-
site storage (viii) and other (ix), do not apply. The waste disposal 
method is mostly determined by selected service partners and 
their waste-disposal contractor, which are challenged on methods 
and performance. As part of our circular ambitions, we promote 
reuse over recycling and incineration with energy recovery over 
landfill to minimize ecological impacts. Service partners report 
the waste volumes (tons) on a monthly or quarterly basis. These 
volumes are allocated to the four types of disposal method 
based on processing rates (%) from direct information or public 
information. The KPI % reuse and recycling is then calculated by 
dividing the tons reuse and recycling by the total volume.
Scope and calculations for Circular Transition Indicator
The scope of the KPN Circularity Indicator for 2022 for consumer 
market is as follows:
• Residential: KPN owned customer premise equipment for 
TV (set-top boxes, remote controls, Digitenne) and Internet 
(modems, routers, media converters)
• Mobile: SIM-cards
• Packaging: KPN specific packaging added to the consumer 
market products by KPN (logistics partners).
KPN’s Circular Transition Indicator is based on the methodology 
of the Circular Transition Indicator (CTI) framework of the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). The 
calculations include the inflow, and outflow indicators under the 
“close the loop” indicator set, and the recovery type indicator 
under the “optimize the loop” indicator set of the CTI framework. 
The outflow indicator of the CTI framework is adapted by 
only using the actual recovery rate to determine the outflow 
circularity and the aggregated circularity performance. The 
potential recovery is used for internal reference and used in 
calculating the aggregate circularity performance.
This metric currently covers approximately 42% of the spend on 
new products of the consumer market segment in 2022, excluding 
mobile handsets and one-off promotional products.
Collected equipment
The return rate for modems, Digitenne tuners and TV set-top 
boxes is based on the total number of returns (numerator) and 
the total number send and delivered to customers minus the 
delta installed base of internet and tv (denominator) in the 
reporting year.
224 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 225:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Environmental figures
Coverage of all figures according to materiality assessment (98% 
of operational cost).
Table 1: Energy consumption (in PJ)
Target 2030 
compared to 
base year
Target 2023 
compared to base 
year 2022 20211 20201 20191
2010
(base year)
The Netherlands - - 2.036 2.156 2.444 2.741 3.662
KPN non-NL Entities - - - - - - 0.217
KPN Group 1.746 1.978 2.036 2.156 2.444 2.741 3.879
Energy directly consumed - - 0.207 0.199 0.246 0.386 -
Energy indirectly consumed - - 1.829 1.958 2.199 2.355 -
KPN Group 2.036 2.156 2.444 2.741 3.879
% Reduction compared to base year -55% -49% -48% -44% -37% -29%
1 1 2019-2021 figures have been restated as a result of expanding our fuel fleet with compressed natural gas (CNG) and electric charging
Table 2: Electricity consumption (in GWh)
Target 2030 
Compared to 
base year
Target 2023 
Compared to base 
year 2022 2021 2020 2019 2010
Network 456 480 548 580 697
Offices & Shops 22 22 24 37 72
KPN Group 400 462 478 502 573 617 769
% Reduction compared to base year -48% -40% -38% -35% -26% -20%
Table 3: Fuel consumption, lease vehicle fleet
Unit Target as from 2025
Target 2023 
compared to 
base year 2022 2021 2020 2019
2010
base year
Petrol, diesel and LPG 1,000 liter 3,110 3,389 4,311 8,457 16,597
% Reduction compared to base year -98% -96% -81% -80% -74% -49%
CNG kg 392 312 198 136 0
Electric MWh 3,847 2,399 1,891 1,756 0
Table 4: Other Energy consumption
Unit 2022 2021 2020 2019
Natural gas 1,000 m3 2,089 2,361 2,746 2,580
Heating purchased GJ 24,466 28,068 23,531 27,618
Cooling purchased GJ 84,041 97,711 97,191 92,891
Diesel for emergency power generators 1,000 liter 91 107 140 116
225 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 226:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Table 5: CO2e emissions own operations Scope 1 and 2 (in kTon)1
Target 2023-2050 2022 2021 2020 2019
2010
base year
Scope 1 KPN NL 0 0 0 0 0 58.8
Scope 2 KPN NL 0 0 0 0 0 35.9
KPN non-NL entities 0 0 0 0 0 25.0
KPN Group 0 0 0 0 0 119.7
1 The reported emissions in the table are net scope 1 and scope 2 market based. In the table in section CO2e emission and energy management (p. 52) both net and gross scope 1 emissions are reported 
as well as the location and market based scope 2 emissions
Table 6: Energy efficiency and Carbon intensity indicators target
target 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2010
Ton CO2 per Gb/s KPN Netherlands (2010=100) 0 0 0 0 0 100
GWh per Gb/s Network Netherlands (2010 =100) 3.0 3.2 3.4 3.9 5.4 100
Table 7: CO2e emissions Scope 3 (in kTon) KPN the Netherlands
Target 2040 
compared to 
base year
Target 2030 
compared to base 
year
Target 2023 
compared to 
base year 2022 20211 20201 20191
2014
base 
year1
CAT1 Purchased goods and services 295.2 316.1 318.7 340.8 432.8
CAT2 Capital goods 97.7 120.1 137.5 142.5 210.7
CAT3 Fuel and energy related activities 3.2 3.0 3.6 6.7 95.3
CAT4 Upstream transportation and distribution - - - - -
CAT5 Waste generated in operations - - -0.0 0.1 0.2
CAT6 Business travel 0.9 0.6 0.9 3.2 3.2
CAT7 Employee commuting 0.8 1.0 2.9 16.5 17.7
CAT8 Leased assets - - - - -
CAT9 Downstream transportation 
and distribution 12.2 14.8 16.6 18.6 21.3
CAT10 Processing of sold products - - - - -
CAT11 Use of sold products 23.7 23.0 21.8 13.7 4.1
CAT12 End–of–life - - - - -
CAT13 Downstream leased assets 160.2 179.7 180.7 158.7 156.1
CAT14 Franchises - - - - -
CAT15 Investments - - - - -
Total CO2e emissions 0.0 517.7 583.6 593.9 658.2 682.6 700.8 941.3
Total upstream CO2e emissions 397.8 440.7 463.6 509.8 759.9
Total downstream CO2e emissions 196.1 217.5 219.1 191.0 181.4
% Reduction compared to base year net-zero -45% -38% -37% -30% -27% -26%
Impact of restatement compared to 
previously reported -17% -17% -18% -8%
1 Figures 2014 base year and 2019-2021 have been restated, see Appendix 11, page 222
226 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 227:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Table 8: Other environmental impacts KPN Group
Unit Target 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019
Materials usage
Cable length 1,000 km ~679 ~660 ~618 ~587
Paper consumption Tons 186 233 201 268
% FSC or PEFC % 100% 100% 100% 100%
Coolants (e.g. R407C and R417A) kg 518 538 661 657
Water consumption
Offices and shops 1,000 m3 39.6 38.7 49.2 52.4
Operations 1,000 m3 57.3 33.6 34.7 31.7
KPN Group 1,000 m3 90 96.9 72.3 83.9 84.1
Table 9: Estimated avoided energy consumption and CO2e emissions by usage of KPN
Target
2023
Target
2022 2022 2021 2020 2019
Estimated avoided energy consumption (in PJ)
Teleworking (enabled by KPN connectivity)1 3.432 6.345 9.494 3.065
Dematerialisation2 0.000 0.202 0.170 0.169
KPN Audioconferencing3 0.000 0.009 0.077 0.109
KPN Videoconferencing3 0.000 0.001 0.027 0.050
KPN Hosting services 0.009 0.014 0.020 0.032
KPN iTV Cloud solution 0.015 0.016 0.014 0.012
Total estimated avoided energy consumption 3.455 6.588 9.802 3.437
Total energy consumption KPN4 2.036 2.156 2.444 2.741
% Avoided energy consumption compared to energy consumption KPN Discontinued ~200% 170% 306% 401% 125%
Estimated avoided CO2e-emissions (in kTon) 2022 2021 2020 2019
Teleworking (enabled by KPN connectivity)1 307.3 499.9 728.0 259.7
Dematerialisation2 0.0 13.5 11.9 12.4
KPN Audioconferencing3 0.0 0.6 5.3 8.3
KPN Videoconferencing3 0.0 0.1 1.8 3.7
KPN Hosting services 1.1 1.7 2.6 4.3
KPN iTV Cloud solution 2.3 2.4 2.4 2.1
Total estimated avoided carbon emissions 310.7 518.2 751.9 290.5
Avoided Particulate matter emissions (PM10) in tons 2022 2021 2020 2019
Total avoided PM10 emissions1 964 2,007 2,161 795
1 Impact of Teleworking declined mainly due to decrease in % of Teleworkers, and decrease in share of commuting with the car. Also, we improved the model by calculating the car fleet in the Netherlands 
more accurate. We included share and emission factors of plug-in hybrid, hybrid and electric cars. This resulted in a smaller impact of teleworking and will continue to be smaller in the future, on 
account of electrification of cars.
2 The impact of KPN on dematerialisation has been evaluated and deemed outdated. Examples were decrease in usage of newspapers, CD’s, and DVDs. The remaining impact of KPN on dematerialisation 
is minimal, and therefore the amount for 2022 has been set at 0.
3 KPN's audioconferencing and video conferencing services are terminated, due to substitions. Examples are Microsoft Teams, Zoom, and Skype.
4 2019-2021 figures have been restated as a result of expanding our fuel fleet with compressed natural gas (CNG) and electric charging
227 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 228:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Table 10: Circular information on reuse, recycling and disposal
Total outflow
Target
2023
Target
2022
Result 
2022
Result
20211
Result
2020
Result
2019
Total volume non-hazardous materials & waste ton 10,134 9,276 7,803 6,863
Reuse ton 1,000 1,011 1,018 561
Recycling ton 7,728 6,855 5,263 4,780
Incineration ton 1,240 1,260 1,397 1,366
Landfill ton 166 150 125 156
Total volume hazardous materials & waste ton 759 569 367 190
Reuse ton 5 10 1 -
Recycling ton 663 468 295 148
Incineration ton 67 72 62 39
Landfill ton 25 19 9 3
Total volume ton 10,893 9,845 8,170 7,053
% Reuse % 9% 10% 12% 8%
% Recycling % 77% 75% 69% 70%
% Reuse and Recycling % 85% 84% 86% 85% 81% 78%
% Incineration % 12% 13% 17% 20%
% Landfill % 2% 2% 2% 2%
Collected equipment
Modems and TV settop boxes % 90% 90% 86% 86% 74%
Mobile phones % 4% 4% 4% 5%
1 Restated values due to incomplete data received in 2021 from new partners.
228 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 229:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 12: Tax overview for continuing operations per country
Tax overview for continuing operations per country
Tax overview for 
continuing 
operations per 
country1
In € million or 
FTE
Total 
unrelated 
income2
Total 
related 
income
Profit before tax 
excl. Associates 
and joint 
ventures
Corporate 
income 
tax 
expense ETR
Corporate 
income 
tax cash 
flow
Corporate 
income 
tax 
receivable/
payable 
CY
Other tax 
cash flow 
mainly 
VAT & 
payroll
Property 
plant and 
equipment3
Employees 
end of 
year (FTE) ECTR
NL 2022 5,360 475 993 -227 22.8% -85 -0 -1,071 5,568 9,452 6.5%
(Regular 
operating 
activities)
2021
6,112 533 1,635 -344 21.0% -273 -17 -1,011 5,463 9,699 17.9%
DE 2022 - - -0 - 0.0% - - - - - 0.0%
(Regular 
operating 
activities)
2021
0 - -0 - 0.0% - - - - - 0.0%
IRL 2022 -0 8 1 -0 16.8% 1 1 - - - 13.1%
(Main activity: 
insurance) 2021 -0 7 -0 0 24.6% -0 1 - - - 0.0%
UK4 2022 - - -4 - 0.0% - - - - - 0.0%
(Main activity: 
pension) 2021 - - -3 0 9.0% - - - - - 0.0%
USA4 2022 - 0 -3 - 0.0% - - - - - 0.0%
(Main activity: 
pension) 2021 -0 0 -3 - 0.0% - - - - - 0.0%
Total 2022 5,360 483 987 -227 23.0% -84 1 -1,071 5,568 9,452 6.5%
2021 6,112 540 1,628 -344 21.1% -274 -16 -1,011 5,463 9,699 17.9%5
1 An overview of all KPN's legal entities is published on the companies website
2 Unrelated income is the total of revenues and (other) financial income
3 Tangible assets other than cash and cash equivalents
4 See Note 17 Retirement benefits (page 152)
5 Due to the expected carry back of 2022 realized losses to the 2021 taxable profit, the 2021 ECTR of 17.9% would have been 13.3%
229 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 230:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 13: GRI index
KPN has reported in accordance with the GRI standards for our 
reporting period. KPN only included the GRI Topic Standards 
which are relevant to the organization.
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
1. The organization and its reporting practices
2-1 Organizational details Corporate governance (p. 58)
General notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (p. 110)
Steering the company (p. 58)
Legal structure of the company (p. 58)  
2-2 Entities included in 
the organization’s 
sustainability reporting
Appendix 1: About this report (p. 186)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
2-3 Reporting period, frequency 
and contact point
Consolidated Financial Statements (p. 104)
General notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (p. 110)
Appendix 1: About this report (p. 186)  
2-4 Restatements of information General notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (p. 110)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
2-5 External assurance Corporate governance (p. 58)
Combined independent auditor’s report and assurance report (p. 176)
Appendix 1: About this report (p. 186)  
2. Activities and workers
2-6 Activities, value chain and other 
business relationships
Introduction by the CEO (p. 4)
Our purpose and the world around us (p. 6)
Accelerate to Grow strategy pays off (p. 9)
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Our performance: Network infrastructure (p. 36)
Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization (p. 41)
Collaborating towards a sustainable value chain (p. 50)
Appendix 10: Supply chain (p. 220)
2-7 Employees Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Appendix 9: Social figures (p. 218)
2-8 Workers who are not employees Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Appendix 9: Social figures (p. 218)
We report this data for 
the first time. Therefore 
we have no comparative 
numbers to explain the 
fluctuations for 2-8 c.
3. Governance
2-9 Governance structure 
and composition
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Composition of the Board of Management (p. 77)
Composition of the Supervisory Board (p. 80)
Supervisory Board Report (p. 83)  
2-10 Nomination and selection of the 
highest governance body
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Supervisory Board Report (p. 83)
2-11 Chair of the highest 
governance body
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Statement by the Board of Management and Responsibility Statement 
(p. 76)
Composition of the Board of Management (p. 77)  
2-12 Role of the highest governance 
body in overseeing the 
management of impacts
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Composition of the Board of Management (p. 77)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)  
230 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 231:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts
Corporate governance (p. 58)
2-14 Role of the highest governance 
body in sustainability reporting
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)  
2-15 Conflicts of interest Corporate governance (p. 58)
Supervisory Board Report (p. 83)
Remuneration Report (p. 90)
See for more information our IR website: https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/
English/7030/supervisory-board.html  
2-16 Communication of 
critical concerns
Compliance and risk (p. 67) The nature and number 
of critical concerns raised 
during 2022 cannot 
be communicated, 
as this concerns 
sensitive information.
2-17 Collective knowledge of the 
highest governance body
Supervisory Board Report (p. 83)
2-18 Evaluation of the performance 
of the highest governance body
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Supervisory Board Report (p. 83)
2-19 Remuneration policies Composition of the Board of Management (p. 77)
Composition of the Supervisory Board (p. 80)
Remuneration Report (p. 90)
2-20 Process to 
determine remuneration
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Composition of the Board of Management (p. 77)
Supervisory Board Report (p. 83)
Remuneration Report (p. 90)  
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio We monitor the ratio in annual total compensation for our employees in the 
main country of operation, the Netherlands. The basis for determining the 
ratio is the pension base salary, which includes all fixed components of the 
salary of our employees. For the calculation, we use the annualized salary as 
paid in the reporting year. This is not by definition a full time salary, part time 
salaries are also included. All bonuses paid during 2022 are included in the 
calculation, including the value of vested shares or phantom shares received 
by employees in the reporting year.
For the reporting year 2022, the annual total compensation of the highest 
paid individual to the median annual total compensation is 45.14/1. The 
total annual compensation of the highest paid individual is predominately 
defined by incentives. Consequently this results in highly fluctuating 
total annual compensation year-on-year even though base payments 
remains unchanged.
The annual total compensation of the highest paid individual increased with 
34.2% in 2022 (compared with 2021) and the annual total compensation of 
the median increased with 5.6% in 2022 (compared with 2021). The ratio of 
the percentage increase of the highest paid individual to the increase of the 
median annual total compensation of 2022 is 6.06/1
4. Strategy, policies and practices
2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy
Introduction by the CEO (p. 4)
Supervisory Board Report (p. 83)
2-23 Policy commitments Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
  
The most important charters, principles, or other initiatives to which KPN 
subscribes or which KPN endorses are: UN Global Compact, UN Declaration 
on Business and Human Rights, International Labor Organization, OECD 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, Principles of the World Economic 
Forum, RE100.
For our approach to EMF and more information and context, see: https://
www.overons.kpn/en/kpn-in-the-netherlands/our-network/health
231 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 232:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
For more information, see our Code of Conduct and the KPN SpeakUp Line: 
https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/English/7050/code-of-conduct.html
  
Own 
indicator
Reports on violation of KPN 
Code of Conduct subcodes
There were 1.121 reports on violation of KPN CoC subcodes
2-24 Embedding 
policy commitments
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Tax and regulations (p. 62)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Supervisory Board Report (p. 83)
2-25 Processes to remediate 
negative impacts
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)Our value for stakeholders: 
Employee value (p. 27)Our performance: Environmental performance and 
responsible supply chain (p. 50)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)  
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice 
and raising concerns
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Employees can seek advice and report violations on ethical and lawful 
behavior by contacting the KPN Helpdesk Security, Compliance and 
Integrity. All reports made to this helpdesk are registered. 
Reports on possible violations of the KPN Code of Conduct or subcodes 
(which include all company policy on ethical and lawful behavior) are 
registered by the KPNHelpdesk Security, Compliance and Integrity. In 2022, 
1.121 reports on possible violations have been registered. In 138 occasions, 
these were followed by corrective measures. KPN does not register the 
number of complaints about breaches of the company Code or other ethical 
issues at the helpdesks, social media and mvo@kpn.com
For the Code and more information on anonymous reporting, see: https://
ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/English/7050/code-of-conduct.html
2-27 Compliance with laws 
and regulations
Bribery and corruption (p. 73)
Appendix 14: SASB index (p. 239)
We had no significant monetary fines or non-monetary sanctions for 
non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Als we had no 
significant monetary fines for non-compliance with laws and regulations 
concerning the provision and use of products and services. We had a 
EUR 3,229,000 monetary fines for non-compliance with other laws and 
regulations, however no other non-monetary sanctions. There were 7 legal 
actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust and monopoly practices, 
2incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications and 1 
legal action for non-compliance with customer information regulation.  
2-28 Membership associations Our most important memberships are: ETNO, Green Grid, Mobility 
Management Task Force, UN Global Compact, ITU, NL Digital, ECP
For more information and the most recent overview of 
memberships, see: https://www.overons.kpn/en/kpn-in-the-netherlands/
sustainability/working-together
For information on trade organizations, see: Appendix 3: Materiality 
assessment (p. 191)
2-29 Approach to 
stakeholder engagement
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
KPN does not engage with stakeholders exclusively as part of the report 
preparations process, although all stakeholders input is considered to be of 
potential value to the report. KPN wants to know what topics stakeholders 
deem important and actively respond to their rising demands.
2-30 Collective 
bargaining agreements
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Appendix 9: Social figures (p. 218)
Material topics
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
232 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 233:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
3-1 Process to determine 
material topics
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)  
3-2 List of material topics Corporate governance (p. 58)
Composition of the Board of Management (p. 77)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Own material 
topics
Network quality 3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Our performance: Network infrastructure (p. 36)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)  
Own 
indicator
FttH Footprint of 
the Netherlands
Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Our performance: Network infrastructure (p. 36)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)  
Own 
indicator
# mobile sites modernized and 
5G ready
Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Our performance: Network infrastructure (p. 36)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Cybersecurity, 
data & 
information 
protection
3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Our performance: Safeguarded privacy and security (p. 45)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Own 
indicator
% of Dutch people who believe 
their data is safe with KPN
Our performance: Safeguarded privacy and security (p. 45)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)  
GRI 418: 
Customer 
Privacy 2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints 
regarding breaches of 
customer privacy
In 2022, we received 266 reported incidents concerning privacy and 
reported 66 data leaks concerning personal data to the Dutch Data 
Protection Authority (AP)
Customer value 3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Our performance: Network infrastructure (p. 36)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Own 
indicator
Net Promoter Score (NPS) 
- Business
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Own 
indicator
Net Promoter Score (NPS) 
- Consumer
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Own 
indicator
RepTrak Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Sustainable ICT 
solutions & 
Product 
innovation
3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Our value for stakeholders: Customer value (p. 17)
Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization (p. 41)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
233 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 234:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
Own 
indicator
Energy savings by customers as 
% of KPN Group energy usage
Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
GHG emissions
GRI 302: 
Energy 2016
  
3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
GRI 302: 
Energy 2016
302-1 Energy consumption within 
the organization
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
302-2 Energy consumption outside of 
the organization
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
302-3 Energy intensity Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
302-4 Reduction of 
energy consumption
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
GRI 305: 
Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) 
GHG emissions
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) 
GHG emissions
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Own 
indicator
% reduction of energy 
consumption of KPN Group 
compared with 2010
Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Own 
indicator
Climate-neutral own operations Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Own 
indicator
Energy consumed by KPN Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Own 
indicator
Reduction of value chain CO2e 
(scope 3) compared to base 
year 2014
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Other topics
Working 
conditions
3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Appendix 9: Social figures (p. 218)
Own 
indicator
Employee score 
for engagement
Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Own 
indicator
Full-time domestic personnel Our valuable assets (p. 15)  
234 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 235:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
Own 
indicator
Average training cost in 
EUR per FTE
Our valuable assets (p. 15)  
Own 
indicator
Overall % women at KPN Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)  
Own 
indicator
% women on KPN Boards Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)  
Own 
indicator
People graduated from the 
apprenticeship project with 
poor labor market prospects
Our value for stakeholders: Employee value (p. 27)
Circular resource 
management
3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Own 
indicator
% reuse and recycling Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)  
Own 
indicator
Materials usage Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Own 
indicator
Water consumption Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Own 
indicator
Total volume non-hazardous 
materials & waste
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Own 
indicator
Total volume hazardous 
materials & waste
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Own 
indicator
Collected equipment Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Own 
indicator
Products with improved design 
for circularity
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Faciliating 
innovation
3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization (p. 41)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Own 
indicator
Machine-to-machine (M2M) 
subscribers (#SIMs)
Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization (p. 41)  
Own 
indicator
Patent families in KPN portfolio Our performance: Focused innovation and digitalization (p. 41)  
Supplier 
management & 
selection
3-3 Management of material topics Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Appendix 10: Supply chain (p. 191)
Own 
indicator
% high-risk Tier I, Tier II and Tier 
III suppliers audited
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Appendix 10: Supply chain (p. 191)
Own 
indicator
% realized improvements on 
corrective action plans
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Own 
indicator
# Grievances human rights There were 0reports concerning human rights violations involving an 
employee in our operations
235 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 236:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
Own 
indicator
% of high-risk suppliers Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
Compliance & 
business ethics
3-3 Management of material topics Corporate governance (p. 58)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Additional information on compliance and business ethics can be found 
on our website in subcode 2 - How we interact with third parties: https://
ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/English/7050/code-of-conduct.html 
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)  
Own 
indicator
Internal fraud cases Compliance and risk (p. 67)
We identified 197 internal fraud cases
Own 
indicator
Employees trained to detect and 
precent corruption
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
We had 10,135 employees trained to detect and prevent corruption
Social 
investments & 
partnernships
3-3 Management of material topics Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)  
Own 
indicator
Partnering research centers 
and universities
Our valuable assets (p. 15)  
Own 
indicator
Partnering innovative startups 
and entrepreneurs
Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Own 
indicator
KPN Ventures fund size Our valuable assets (p. 15)  
Own 
indicator
Contracted suppliers Our valuable assets (p. 15)
Health & safety 
EMF radiation
3-3 Management of material topics Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 8: List of top risks (p. 208)
Fair taxes 3-3 Management of material topics Corporate governance (p. 58)
Tax and regulations (p. 62)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 4: Non-financial information (p. 199)
a: Tax definition (fair taxes) – see appendix 3 Materiality assessment 
definition TTC - appendix 15 Glossary and details in Tax contribution report 
b&c: impact & boundary and limitation:
• See Tax profile and current tax position 
• Stakeholder engagement – appendix 3 Materiality assessment, website tax 
strategy and principles and Stakeholder engagement and forward looking 
• Appendix 1: About this report (p. 186) – Dutch and Legacy investments 
(Germany, UK, US & Ireland)
GRI 207: Tax 2019
207-1 Approach to tax a-i: For our Tax strategy & principles, see: https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/ 
English/7070/tax-strategy-_-policy.html a-ii: BoM statement & frequency - 
see Tax profile and current tax position and Statement by the Board of 
Management and Responsibility Statement 
a-iii&iv: Regulatory compliance respectively business & ESG- see Tax profile 
and current tax position and website tax strategy and principles (https://
ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/ English/7070/tax-strategy-_-policy.html)
201-4 Financial assistance received 
from government
See government allowances in Tax contribution report
207-2 Tax governance, control, and 
risk management
a-i&ii: see Tax profile and current tax position and website tax strategy and 
principles (https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/ English/7070/tax-strategy-_-
policy.html)
a-iii: tax risk appetite - see Tax profile and current tax position, 3. Define risk 
appetite and 8 List of top risks 
236 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 237:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
a-iv: evaluation tax governance by representative of the Board - see Tax 
profile and current tax position
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and 
management of concerns 
related to tax
ii-iii: tax authorities, advocacy on tax & other engagements - see Stakeholder 
engagement and forward looking and website tax strategy and principles 
(https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/ English/7070/tax-strategy-_-policy.html)
207-4 Country-by-country reporting See Appendix 12 Tax overview for continuing operations per country
Own 
indicator
Normalized ETR Tax and regulations (p. 62)
Own 
indicator
Total tax contribution Tax and regulations (p. 62)
Own 
indicator
Government allowances Tax and regulations (p. 62)
GRI topics
Economic 
performance
3-3 Management of material topics Introduction by the CEO (p. 4)
Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our value for stakeholders: Shareholder value (p. 23)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
GRI 201: 
Economic 
Performance 
2016
201-1 Direct economic value 
generated and distributed
Strategy and key performances (p. 9)
Our value for stakeholders: Shareholder value (p. 23)
Own 
Indicator
Money spent on 
donations, sponsoring and 
community projects
Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
201-2 Financial implications and other 
risks and opportunities due to 
climate change
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
KPN discloses all material carbon emissions, climate governance and 
management approach, including the financial implications of risks 
regarding climate change and the costs of mitigating actions for the CDP 
(Carbon Disclosure Project). Find our 2022 disclosure at https://cdp.net/en
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations 
and other retirement plans
Financial Statements (p. 101)
201-4 Financial assistance received 
from government
KPN does not receive significant financial assistance from the government.
Own 
indicator
Money spent on 
donations, sponsoring and 
community projects
Our value for stakeholders: Impact on society (p. 32)
Anti-corruption 3-3 Management of material topics Compliance and risk (p. 67)
GRI 205: Anti-
corruption 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks 
related to corruption
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
205-2 Communication and training 
about anti-corruption policies 
and procedures
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
205-3 Confirmed incidents of 
corruption and actions taken
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
We identified 197 internal fraud cases
Own 
Indicator
Employees trained to detect and 
prevent corruption
Compliance and risk (p. 67)
We had 10,135 employees trained to detect and prevent corruption
Materials 3-3 Management of material topics Corporate governance (p. 58)
GRI 301: 
Materials 2016
301-1 Materials used by weight 
or volume
KPN is a service provider and not a production company. The materials 
consumed are therefore limited.
301-2 Recycled input materials used Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
301-3 Reclaimed products and their 
packaging materials
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
237 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 238:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
GRI Standard # GRI Disclosure Relevant section Omission1
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
This indicator supports Principles 8 and 9 of the UN Global Compact.
Water and 
effluents
3-3 Management of material topics Appendix 3: Materiality assessment (p. 191)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Our performance: Environmental performance and responsible supply 
chain (p. 50)
Corporate governance (p. 58)
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
GRI 303: Water 
and effluents 
2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a 
shared resource
Not applicable
303-2 Management of water 
discharge-related impacts
Not applicable
303-3 Water withdrawal Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222). Only applies to third 
party freshwater.
303-4 Water discharge Only applies to third-party water released to municipal water treatment 
facilities (same volume assumed as reported under 303-3).
303-5 Water consumption Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
Effluents and 
waste
3-3 Management of material topics Corporate governance (p. 58)
GRI 306: 
Effluents and 
waste 2016
306-1 Water discharge by quality 
and destination
Not applicable
306-2 Waste by type and 
disposal method
Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
306-3 Significant spills Not applicable
306-4 Transport of hazardous waste Appendix 11: Environmental figures (p. 222)
306-5 Water bodies affected by water 
discharges and/or runof
Not applicable
1 All topics described in the GRI are applicable or not material for our operations
238 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 239:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 14: SASB index
Topic SASB Code Metric Response
Activity metrics
TC-TL-000.A Total number of mobile 
accesses (millions) 10.1
TC-TL-000.B Total number of fixed line 
accesses (millions) 0.2
TC-TL-000.C Number of fixed broadband 
subscribers (millions) 4.3
TC-TL-000.D Network traffic in petabytes N/a1
Topic SASB Code Metric Response
Environmental 
footprint of 
operations
TC-TL-130a.1
Total energy consumed (GJ) 2,035,963
Percentage of grid electricity out of 
total energy consumption 0.853
Percentage renewable energy out of 
total energy consumption 0.894
Data privacy
TC-TL-220a.1
Description of policies and practices 
relating to behavioral advertising and 
customer privacy
KPN is aware of the fact that we must carefully manage two separate and often conflicting 
priorities: data as a valuable revenue source versus privacy. We have a reputation to uphold 
where it concerns the safety of customer data. We believe that customer privacy must be 
a core value when doing business. As such, we have made promises to our customers on 
how we use their data. One of our core promises is that we do not sell data of our customers 
to third parties. Our second promise is that if we want to use traffic data for commercial 
purposes (which is not secondary use, but primary use after consent), we only do so after we 
have received unambiguous consent of the customers. Customers can, at all times, revoke 
their consent. KPN has procedures in place for consent and revocation and customers are 
informed through the KPN Privacy Statement. As such we provide transparency on our 
processing of customer data.
TC-TL-220a.2
Number of customers whose 
information is used for 
secondary purposes
For our use of customer data, we refer to our Privacy Statement, see https://www.kpn.com/
algemeen/missie-en-privacy-statement/privacy-statement.htm
TC-TL-220a.3
Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with customer privacy
Monetary losses in the form of fines by regulators resulting from privacy breaches: EUR 0
Monetary losses in the form of fines ruled by the court resulting from privacy breaches: 
EUR 0
TC-TL-220a.4
Number of law enforcement requests 
for customer information
It is prohibited by law to publish the number of government requests either publicly or 
sharing this figure on a confidential basis for benchmarks.
This question concerns obligations under the law of Telecommunications and the handling 
of warrants received by KPN, based on the Criminal Procedure Code, i.e. Intelligence 
and Security services, described in the "Telecommunications Security Data Decree": https://
wetten.overheid.nl/BWBR0015808/2018-05-01
Reporting on the scope is reserved for and responsibility of the Ministry of Justice and 
Security and the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Kingdom Relations. In general, Dutch judicial 
law has a commitment to notify persons if information concerning these persons has been 
collected. See https://wetten.overheid.nl/BWBR0015808/2018-05-01 on the Decree on data 
security by public telecommunication providers.
Number of customers whose 
information was requested See "Number of law enforcement requests for customer information"
Percentage resulting in disclosure 98.86%
Data security TC-TL-230a.1
Number of data breaches
74
For this indicator, we use the definition as relevant for the jurisdiction(s) in which KPN is 
active. This definition is broader than the standard definition used by SASB.
Percentage involving personally 
identifiable information
For 2022, it is not possible to report on this KPI yet.
For this indicator, we use the definition as relevant for the jurisdiction(s) in which KPN is 
active. This definition is broader than the standard definition used by SASB.
Number of customers affected KPN is not able to report on this number due to the practical implications.
239 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 240:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
TC-TL-230a.2
Description of approach to identifying 
and addressing data security 
risks, including use of third-party 
cybersecurity standards
Cybersecurity remains a high priority, as cybersecurity attacks by nation states, phishing, 
ransomware and supply chain attacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated. To protect 
our systems and data, and those of our customers, we are constantly vigilant.
Our Chief Information SecurityOffice (CISO) is organized into four teams. Together with 
the operational security officers throughout the company, they work according to the KPN 
Security Lifecycle, which is based on the NIST cybersecurity framework: identify, protect, 
detect, respond and recover. CISO sets a KPN Security Policy to prevent vulnerabilities and 
incidents. The CISO Red Teamof ethical hackers conducts security testing of new products 
and proactively identifies vulnerabilities across the organization. The CISO Blue Team is 
responsible for continuously monitoring our networks and infrastructures, and detecting 
security threats and vulnerabilities in a timely manner from within our Security Operations 
Center (SOC). As part of the Blue Team, the KPN Computer Emergency Response Team 
(KPN-CERT) provides rapid incident response, while the CISO Monitoring & Reporting team 
is responsible for security compliance monitoring and security analytics and reporting.
Product end-of-
life management TC-TL-440a.1
Weight, in metric tons, of materials 
recovered through product take-back 
programs and recycling services
10,893 tons  
Percentage (%) of recovered materials 
that are reused 9%
Percentage (%) of recovered materials 
that are recycled 77%
Percentage (%) of recovered materials 
that are deposited in landfills 2%
Competitive 
behavior & open 
internet
TC-TL-520a.1
Total amount of monetary losses 
as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with anti-competitive 
behavior regulations
EUR 0
TC-TL-520a.2
Actual average sustained download 
speed in Mbps of own and 
commercially partnered content
4842
Actual average sustained download 
speed in
Mbps of nonassociated content
4842
TC-TL-520a.3
Description of risks and opportunities 
associated with net neutrality, 
paid peering, zero rating and 
related practices
KPN acts in accordance with the the EU Regulation 2015/2120 of the European Parliament 
regarding measures concerning open internet access (net neutrality). Both paid peering and 
zero rating are of less importance to KPN, as also stated by the ACM, since we do not have 
placed 'zero rated offers' in the market and the ACM has not established significant problems 
regarding these topics in the Dutch market.
Managing 
systemic risks 
from technology 
disruptions
TC-TL-550a.1
Average system outage frequency 
(fixed line network)
Broadband: 0.25
Mobile: 0.16
Average duration of 
customer interruption
(fixed line network)
Broadband: 0.94
Mobile: 1.87
TC-TL-550a.2 Discussion of systems to provide 
unimpeded service during outages
At KPN, we are doing the best we can to avoid outages or other service disruptions. The 
bigger the impact, the more measures are taken to minimalize the chances of something 
going wrong, with procedures being ready for every service disruption one could think of. 
For common service disruptions we have automated reboots programmed to minimize the 
impact of the disruption.
In the event that any loss of service distribution does occur, KPN makes us of the Be Alert 
classification matrix to determine the urgency of the disruption of Major Incidents. This 
classification, by means of colour coding, happens on the basis of the amount of impact 
and the importance of the service that is malfunctioning. In order to minimize the negative 
experience for customers, we proactively inform clients about the disruption to inform them 
that we are aware of the problem and that we are working towards a solution.
1 SASB definition is not in line with KPN's value for network traffic
2 The average maximum download speed that we report is the predicted technical speed, based on the best available technologies, per address. Figures are based on year-end data
240 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 241:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Appendix 15: Glossary
3G
Third-generation mobile system, which is based on the UMTS 
universal standard.
4G
Fourth-generation mobile system, a standard for wireless 
communication delivering high-speed data for mobile phones 
and data terminals.
5G
Fifth-generation mobile system, a standard for wireless 
communication delivering high-speed data for mobile phones 
and data terminals, exceeding 4G speeds. 5G targets high data 
rates, reduced latency, network slicing, higher system capacity 
and massive device connectivity.
A
ACM (Authority for Consumers and Markets)
The ACM acts as a regulator in the Netherlands and is responsible 
for monitoring compliance with antitrust rules.
ADR (American depository receipt)
Negotiable security that represents securities of a foreign 
company and allows that company's shares to trade in the U.S. 
financial markets.
Adjusted revenues
Adjusted revenues are derived from revenues (including other 
income) and are adjusted for the impact of restructuring costs and 
incidentals. Incidentals are non-recurring transactions of EUR 5m 
or over unless significant for the specific reportable segment, 
which are not directly related to day-to-day operational activities.
Adjusted EBITDA AL
Adjusted EBITDA AL (adjusted EBITDA after leases) are derived 
from EBITDA and are adjusted for the impact of restructuring 
costs and incidentals and for lease costs, including depreciation of 
right-of-use assets and interest on lease liabilities. Incidentals are 
non-recurring transactions of EUR 5m or more unless significant 
for the specific reportable segment, which are not directly related 
to day-to-day operational activities.
AI (artificial intelligence)
AI is the intelligence demonstrated by machines.
ARPA (average revenue per address)
ARPA is the sum of connection fees, monthly fixed subscription 
revenues, traffic revenues and gross service-provider revenues 
less related discounts during a one-month period, divided by 
the average number of addresses during that month. Gross 
service-provider revenues represent revenues generated by 
third-party providers. KPN accounts for the net part as gross 
service-provider revenues.
ARPU (average revenue per user)
ARPU is the sum of connection fees, monthly fixed subscription 
revenues, traffic revenues and gross service-provider revenues 
less related discounts during a one-month period, divided by 
the average number of customers during that month. Gross 
service-provider revenues represent revenues generated by 
third-party providers. KPN accounts for the net part as gross 
service-provider revenues.
Average 4G and 5G download speed
The average download speed is based on the results of 
a speedtest that customers initiate on 4G and 5G with 
their smartphone. Robot measurements and customers using 
networks other than KPN’s are excluded from the results.
Average maximum download speed broadband fixed
The average maximum download speed that we report is 
the predicted technical speed, based on the best available 
technologies, per address. Figures are based on year-end data.
B
BCF (business control framework)
The BCF contains all corporate policies and guidelines that 
are mandatory for KPN segments and entities. It forms the 
cornerstone of the governance of the KPN Group.
B2B (Business-to-business)
Business-to-business, commercial transactions between 
businesses. Referring to our business market related activities.
Broadband
Broadband refers to telecommunication that provides multiple 
channels of data over a single communications medium, typically 
using some form of frequency or wave division multiplexing.
241 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 242:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
C
Capex (capital expenditure)
Investments in property, plants, equipment (PPE) and software. 
Please note that EU taxonomy's Capex definition differs from 
KPN's Capex definition. EU taxonomy Capex consists of the 
following components: PPE investments and PPE changes in 
consolidation in case of acquisitions of business combinations, 
Intangibles investments and Intangibles assets changes in 
consolidation in case of acquisitions of business combinations 
and Right-of-use assets additions.
CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project)
The CDP is a joint initiative of investors worldwide that 
questions and benchmarks listed companies on their approach to 
climate change.
Churn (calculated on an annual basis)
The number of customers no longer connected to an operator’s 
network divided by the operator’s customer base.
Circular economy
The circular economy is a generic term for an industrial economy 
that is producing no waste and pollution and in which material 
flows are of two types: biological nutrients, designed to re-enter 
the biosphere safely, and technical nutrients, which are designed 
to circulate at high quality in the production system without 
entering the biosphere.
Circular inflow
Renewable inflow from sustainably managed resources and which 
is used at a rate in line with natural cycles of renewability or inflow 
which is non-virgin.
Circular Outflow
Outflow that is designed and treated in a manner that ensures 
products and materials have a full recovery potential and extend 
their economic lifetime after their technical lifetime and that is 
demonstrably recovered.
Climate-neutral
For KPN, climate-neutral means operating with zero net 
CO2e emissions.
Cloud services
Cloud services are standardized IT capability (services, software 
or infrastructure) delivered via internet technologies in a pay-per-
use, self-service way.
Cloud Gaming
Cloud gaming is a form of cloud computing and offers services in 
the field of computer games.
CO2e
Carbon dioxide equivalent, is a standard unit for measuring 
carbon footprints. The idea is to express the impact of each 
different greenhouse gas in terms of the amount of CO2 that would 
create the same amount of warming. That way, a carbon footprint 
consisting of different greenhouse gases can be expressed as a 
single number.
Conflict minerals
Conflict minerals are minerals mined under conditions of armed 
conflicts and human rights issues. These minerals are used in a 
variety of products, including consumer electronic devices such as 
mobile phones.
CSR (corporate social responsibility)
CSR, to KPN, is the integrated vision of entrepreneurship, in 
which the company takes responsibility and creates value in 
economic (profit), ecological (planet) and social (people) terms. 
We incorporate CSR into our business and by doing so, take our 
social responsibility and contribute to societal challenges.
CSRD (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive)
The CSRD covers all relevant Environmental, Social and 
Governance elements and aims to increase investments in truly 
sustainable activities across the European Union. The CSRD 
will replace the existing reporting requirements of the EU’s 
Non-Financial Reporting Directive (NFRD). The Directive shall 
apply from 1 January 2024 for financial years starting on or after 
1 January 2024.
Customer base
Customer base is the total number of subscribers.
D
DEFRA (UK Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs)
DEFRA has published conversion factors to calculate greenhouse 
gas emissions.
DESI-rapport (Digital Economy and Society Index-rapport)
The EU's Digital Economy and Society Index annually maps the 
digital economy in European countries.
DJSI (Dow Jones Sustainability Index)
The DJSI series is a collection of indices that track the 
performance of companies that are frontrunners in terms of 
CSR. The DJSI is based on an analysis of corporate economic, 
environmental and social performance. There are several sub-
indices based on geographical parameters.
242 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 243:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
DSL (digital subscriber line)
DSL is a technology for bringing high bandwidth information to 
homes and small businesses over copper PSTN lines. The widely 
used term xDSL refers to different variations of DSL, such as 
ADSL, HDSL, VDSL and SDSL.
E
EBITDA
Operating result before depreciation and impairments of 
property, plant and equipment and amortization and impairments 
of intangible assets.
EBITDA AL (EBITDA after leases)
EBITDA AL are derived from EBITDA and adjusted for lease 
costs, including depreciation of right-of-use assets and interest on 
lease liabilities.
EcoVadis
EcoVadis is an international platform that assesses the material 
CSR impacts of companies. Purchasing organizations can 
integrate EcoVadis Scorecards into their day-to-day business 
practices driving their organization to make more sustainable 
procurement decisions, while positively incentivizing trading 
partners that align with their sustainability practices.
Edge Computing
Distributed paradigm that brings computation and data 
storage closer to the sources of data.
EEIO (environmentally extended input output data)
EEIO models estimate energy use and/or GHG emissions 
resulting from the production and upstream supply chain 
activities of different sectors and products. The resulting EEIO 
emissions factors can be used to estimate cradle-to-gate GHG 
emissions for a given industry or product category. EEIO 
models are derived by allocating national GHG emissions to 
groups of finished products based on economic flows between 
industry sectors.
ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance)
ESG refers to the three central factors in measuring the 
sustainability and societal impact of an investment in a company 
or business.
Externally
An externality is an economic term referring to a cost or benefit 
incurred or received by a third party. However, the third party has 
no control over the creation of that cost or benefit.
F
FTE (full-time equivalent)
The equivalent of the number of employees with a full-time 
contract. FTEs are calculated compared to the standard number 
of contract hours per employment group within KPN.
FttH (Fiber to the Home)
FttH is defined as an access network architecture in which the final 
part of the connection to the home also consists of optical fiber.
FttH households
FttH households are defined as premises to which an operator can 
connect in a service area. Fiber is available, at least, at the premises 
property boundary.
FCF (Free Cash Flow)
FCF is defined as cash flow from continuing operating activities 
plus proceeds from real estate, minus capital expenditure (Capex), 
being expenditure on PP&E and software and adjusted for 
repayments of lease liabilities.
G
Gbps (Gigabit per second)
A gigabit is a unit denoting the speed of data transfer. It is the 
speed in billions of bits per second.
GHG (Greenhouse Gas) Protocol
The GHG Protocol is a multi-stakeholder partnership of business, 
non-governmental organizations (NGOs), governments and 
others that develop internationally accepted GHG accounting 
and reporting standards for organizations.
GHz
Gigahertz is a frequency unit that measures the number of cycles 
per second and is used to indicate the different spectrums of our 
mobile network.
Green electricity
Green electricity is electricity from renewable sources. KPN only 
uses wind energy and electricity from biomass that does not 
compete with food production.
GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)
The Global Reporting Initiative is an organization that publishes 
international standards for CSR reporting.
243 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 244:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
H
High-risk supplier
Our procurement process includes an assessment of all new 
contracted suppliers, classifying them based on the potential 
social and environmental risk their operations, products and 
services represent. We assess this risk based on three parameters: 
geographical areas, spend and potential environmental impact of 
a supplier’s operations, products or services. High-risk suppliers 
are audited by independent external auditors once every two to 
four years.
I
IIRC (International Integrated Reporting Council)
Worldwide non-profit organization that has developed a technical 
standard for companies that want to account for the value they 
add to this world as a company.
IT
IT refers to information technology.
IoT (Internet of Things)
The Internet of Things connects objects such as garbage bins or 
cars via a chip with the internet. This offers many opportunities, 
such as Smart City solutions.
ISDN (Integrated services digital network)
A form of digital telephony. It is an alternative to the analogue 
POTS. With ISDN, more data can be transported over a copper 
two-wire connection at the district level than is usually possible 
with POTS.
ISO (International Organization for Standardization)
This organization is responsible for international management 
standards such as ISO 14001, ISO 140064-1, ISO 27001 and ISO 
22301 (mentioned in this report).
iTV (Interactive TV)
With iTV, the customer can easily choose when, where and which 
programs to watch.
J
JAC (Joint Alliance for CSR)
The JAC is a cooperation of European telecommunication 
operators (including KPN) focusing on the social, ethical, and 
environmental conditions across their supply chains. In March 
2022, more than ten years after its inception, the JAC (Joint Audit 
Cooperation) has transitioned into a legal entity with the new 
name of 'Joint Alliance for CSR'.
K
KPI (Key Performance Indicator)
Key performance indicators measure the performance of the 
organization, teams and individual employees.
KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds
This KPN foundation supports societal initiatives aimed at 
stimulating social contact, by combining people and technological 
resources to best advantage.
KPN Unlimited
Unlimited mobile data subscription with unlimited internet access 
on 5G in NL + 50 GB in the EU, calling and texting in the 
Netherlands within the EU and from NL to the EU, sharing MBs 
with other KPN Mobile subscriptions at the same address, an 
monthly adjustable, also downwards.
L
LCE
LCE refers to large corporate enterprises.
LGBTQIA+
Lesbians, gays, bisexuals, transgenders, queers, intersexuals, 
asexuals and people with other sexual and/or gender identity. 
KPN Pride is an inclusive community for LGBTQIA+, and all 
colleagues (including heterosexuals) who are interested in 
LGBTQIA+ subjects related to the KPN workfloor.
M
MSCI (Morgan Stanley Capital International)
Sustainable ranking intended to measure a company’s resilience 
to long-term, financially relevant ESG risks. 
M2M (machine-to-machine)
Direct communication between devices using any 
communications channel, including wired and wireless.
Market share
Market share is the percentage or proportion of the total available 
market that is being serviced by KPN. These figures are based 
on externally available market data, which may not be completely 
accurate, and may partially be based on estimates.
Mass-market
The collective term for Consumer, SME and Wholesale market.
Mbps (Megabits per second)
A megabit is a unit denoting the speed of data transfer. It is the 
speed in millions of bits per second. The bandwidths of broadband 
networks are often indicated in Mbps.
244 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 245:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
MHz (megahertz)
MHz is one million hertz (a unit of frequency).
Modernized site
A site is considered to be modernized when the equipment 
is being replaced by future-proof equipment that is also 
able to handle 5G traffic. The number of modernized sites is 
calculated by the number of sites equipped with our new mobile 
network technology.
MTA
MTA refers to mobile terminating access.
N
Nature inclusive
Nature inclusive refers to a way of working that also benefits 
nature and is working within the boundaries of nature.
NPS (Net Promoter Score)
NPS is a metric for measuring customer loyalty, based on whether 
customers would recommend KPN to someone else. The NPS 
results included in this report are measured, calculated and 
provided by Kantar (a leading market-research company). NPS 
is based on direct customer input, with the key question being 
whether a customer would recommend KPN to someone else. 
Depending on the score they give, the customer is classified as a 
‘promoter’ or a ‘detractor’. The NPS is calculated by subtracting 
the percentage of ‘detractors’ from the percentage of ‘promoters’. 
The result is displayed as an absolute number instead of a 
percentage, within a range of -100 to +100. In this report, all 
NPS results refer to Q4 of the respective year, based on a 
three-month rolling average (December 2022 is based on October 
2022, November 2022 and December 2022). The NPS Consumer 
and NPS Business reflect a weighted average based on 2020 
revenues. NPS Business combines this with EBITDA margins 
for segments.
Non-conformities
Non-conformities are identified when a supplier is found to be in 
breach of any of the JAC Supply Chain Sustainability Guidelines 
that form the set of common requirements expected from the 
ICT industry.
NOPLAT
NOPLAT refers to net operating profit less adjustments for taxes.
Normalized ETR
Normalized effective tax rate (ETR) is defined as the total 
ETR excluding incidentals (such as return to provisions), 
major changes in the composition of the group, changes in 
(de-)recognition of deferred taxes and changes in tax law.
Notice and Take Down code
A code that specifies how organizations have to deal with reports 
of unlawful content on the internet. Content is removed by the 
host following notice. Notice and take down is widely operated in 
relation to copyright infringement, as well as for libel and other 
illegal content. We are committed to removing content related 
to Child Sexual Abuse Material within 24 hours after notification 
by our national hotline, Expertisebureau Online Kindermisbruik 
(Expertise Center for Online Child Abuse).
O
OECD (Organization for Economic Cooperation 
and Development)
An international organization that works to establish evidence-
based international standards and find solutions to a range of 
social, economic and environmental challenges.
ONT
ONT (optical network terminal) converts light signals into 
electrical signals and back.
OTT (over-the-top)
In broadcasting, over-the-top content (OTT) refers to the delivery 
of audio, video, and other media over the internet for which 
no subscription to a traditional cable or satellite operator is 
required. A famous example is WhatsApp, which is replacing 
text messaging.
245 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 246:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
P
Product with improved circular design
Our “number of products with an improved circular design” KPI 
measures our progress on our circular ambitions. This cumulative 
number shows how many products we have improved the design 
of to make them more circular. We regard a product as having 
improved design for circularity if the design changes lead to 
(1) reduced use of virgin raw materials and/or (2) extended 
lifetime or improved resource efficiency and/or (3) improved 
opportunities for re-using components or recycling materials 
and/or (4) improved energy efficiency. We count a product from 
the year in which it enters KPN’s value chain of operations – that 
is, when we can actually use or sell it.
PSTN (Public Switched Telephone Network)
Globally used telephone network.
R
RepTrak
RepTrak has been developed by the RepTrak Company and is 
used as a method to calculate the reputation score of companies 
worldwide. The RepTrak methodology also measures the drivers 
of reputation and the consequences for supportive behavior. 
The RepTrak Company’s policy is to adjust all RepTrak scores 
by standardizing them against the aggregate distribution of all 
scores obtained from the RepTrak Company's Annual Global 
RepTrak Reputation Score Standardization has the effect of 
lowering scores in countries that tend to over-rate companies, 
and has the effect of raising scores for companies in countries 
that tend to rate companies more negatively. All RepTrak scores 
are culturally standardized. This means that all RepTrak results 
are comparable across countries, industries and over time. 
Every month, the progress on the key attributes that stimulate 
reputation and supportive behavior is measured. The results are 
based on a minimum of 500 respondents per company each 
quarter. The data collection method is an online interview of 20 
minutes. The qualified respondents have to be familiar or very 
familiar with the company. The RepTrak Company started using 
an updated cultural bias adjustment procedure on 1 January 2011, 
whereby the cultural adjustment analysis was rebased based on 
the latest reputation scores. Because KPN was already in the 
middle of setting KPIs, we asked the RepTrak Company to report 
KPN’s reputation scores using the ‘old’ cultural bias adjustment 
analysis. Hence, this report shows ‘unrebased’ reputation scores 
for KPN. KPN reports the fourth quarterly average in the report.
Return on capital employed (ROCE)
Return on capital employed is calculated by the net operating 
profit less adjustments for taxes (NOPLAT) divided by capital 
employed, on a 4-quarter rolling basis. Net operating profit is 
the adjusted EBITA (excluding incidentals and amortization of 
other Intangibles, and including restructuring costs). KPN defines 
capital employed as the carrying amount of operating assets and 
liabilities, which excludes goodwill and the other intangibles.
Radiocommunications Agency Netherlands
As from 1 January 2023 The Radiocommunications Agency 
Netherlands (Agentschap Telecom) called Rijksinspectie Digitale 
Infrastructuur (Dutch Authority for Digital Infrastructure).
Roaming
Transfer of mobile traffic from one network to another, referring to 
the exchange of international mobile traffic.
S
Safe data
The KPI regarding the percentage of Dutch people that believe 
their data is safe with KPN is based on research performed by 
an external marketing research company. To measure this, we 
conduct an annual survey in which we ask the Dutch population 
to choose 3 companies of which they think their data is safe with.
Scope 1
Direct greenhouse gas emissions occurring from sources that are 
owned or controlled by an organization.
Scope 2
Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation 
of purchased electricity, heating or cooling consumed by 
an organization.
Scope 3
Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions as a consequence of the 
activities of the company, but occurring from sources not owned 
or controlled by an organization.
Service revenues
Service revenues are defined as the aggregate of connection fees, 
monthly subscription fees and traffic fees.
SME
SME refers to small and medium enterprises.
Stakeholder
Stakeholders are the people or organizations with an interest 
in the company, such as customers, employees, shareholders, 
suppliers, governments and media.
246 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 247:
Appendices
Contents
Report by the Board 
of Management Governance
Report by the 
Supervisory Board
Financial 
Statements Appendices
Subscriber
A subscriber is defined as an end-user with a connection to the 
mobile or fixed networks and/or service platforms of KPN.
SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals)
On 25 September 2015, countries within the United Nations 
adopted 17 goals to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure 
prosperity for all as part of a new sustainable development 
agenda. Each goal has specific targets to be achieved in 2030. Also 
known as Global Goals.
T
Tailored Solutions
Offering customization to the business customer at any point in 
its digital journey.
Tier standards (I to IV)
Telecommunications Infrastructure Standard for data centers. 
Tier levels describe the availability of data at a location. The higher 
the tier, the greater the availability. Tier IV is the highest level and 
entails independent dual-powered cooling and expected data 
availability of 99.995% or higher.
TTC (total tax contribution)
Total tax contribution is the total tax amount born or collected by 
KPN generated through its operations.
TSR (total shareholder return)
A measure of the performance of different companies’ stocks and 
shares over time. TSR is calculated from the growth in capital from 
purchasing a share in the company, assuming that the dividends 
are reinvested each time they are paid. This growth is expressed 
as a percentage as the compound annual growth rate.
V
VBDO (Vereniging van Beleggers voor Duurzame Ontwikkeling)
The Dutch Association of Investors for Sustainable Development 
(VBDO) works to create a sustainable capital market, a market 
that considers not only financial criteria but also non-financial, 
social and environmental criteria. VBDO’s vision is to increase 
sustainability awareness among companies and investors.
VDSL (Very High Bitrate Digital Subscriber Line)
VDSL is a successor to ADSL, which allows a much higher 
download and upload speed.
Virgin materials
Materials sourced directly from nature in their raw form, 
such as wood or metal ores. Manufacturing products using 
virgin materials uses much more energy and depletes more 
natural resources, as opposed to producing goods using 
recycled materials.
Virtualization
The separation of the physical hardware and the functions to run 
the network in software.
W
Weighted downtime
The weighted downtime concerns the average monthly time 
period in which a combination of KPN platforms and systems is 
inaccessible to clients due to major incidents, weighted by the 
impact of this downtime.
WBSO (Wet Bevordering Speur- en Ontwikkelingswerk)
The WBSO is a subsidy that is intended for every 
entrepreneur in the Netherlands who conducts research into 
technological innovations.
247 KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022

Page 248:
Colophon
For additional information
KPN Investor Relations
ir.kpn.com
ir@kpn.com
Published by
Royal KPN N.V.
P.O. Box 25110
3001 HC, Rotterdam
The Netherlands
Chamber of Commerce
registration number 02045200
Content and organization
Royal KPN N.V.
RRED Communications
www.rred.nl
Stampa Communications
www.stampacommunications.com
Sustainalize
www.sustainalize.com
Concept and design
Born05
www.born05.com
Online
Please visit our Integrated Annual Report
website: www.kpn.com/annualreport
Forward-looking statements and management estimates
Certain of the statements we have made in this Integrated
Annual Report are ‘forward-looking statements’. These
statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on
information currently available to us. They include information
concerning our possible or assumed future results of
operations, business strategies, financing plans, competitive
position, potential growth opportunities, potential operating
performance or expense improvements and the effects of future
legislation or regulation.
Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not
historical facts and can be identified by the use of forwardlooking
terminology such as the words ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘plan’,
‘intend’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘predict’, ‘potential’, ‘continue’,
‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘could’, ‘shall’, or the negative of these terms
or similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those
expressed in these forward-looking statements. No undue
reliance should be put on any forward-looking statements.
Unless required by applicable law or applicable rules of the
stock exchange on which our securities are listed, we have
neither the intention nor an obligation to update forwardlooking
statements after distribution of this Integrated Annual
Report. All market share information in this financial report is
based on management estimates based on externally available
information, unless indicated otherwise.
The terms ‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘us’ are used to describe the company.
We always aim to further improve our CSR activities and
reporting. Therefore, we highly appreciate your feedback,
questions and comments on our Integrated Annual Report and
CSR activities. Please contact mvo@kpn.com.

Page 249:
Royal KPN N.V. 
Wilhelminakade 123
3072 AP Rotterdam
The Netherlands
P.O. Box 25110 
3001 HC Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
www.kpn.com

