Page 1:
Everyday 
sustainability
2023 Sustainability Report

Page 2:
About this report
This Sustainability Report is for the period from January 1 to December 31, 
2023, and includes sustainability performance information related to 
LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (LYB). We include consolidated data from  
the operations over which we, or one of our subsidiaries, have operational 
control. The narrative may include our non-operated joint ventures and  
global activities that occurred during the 2023 calendar year. Financial  
data includes our joint ventures to the extent appropriate under Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP). Consolidated 
Financial Statements are prepared from the books and records of LYB.
The report intends to address the information needs of our stakeholders 
interested in our overall sustainability performance. The Health, Safety, 
Environmental & Sustainability Committee of our Board of Directors reviews 
and approves our Sustainability Report annually. We have considered in our 
disclosures the following regulatory sustainability reporting standards and 
voluntary reporting frameworks:
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
• Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
• International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)
Report boundaries
The environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data in this report relate  
to global operations at our majority-owned or operated manufacturing sites,  
pipelines and large offices for 2023, unless stated otherwise. Assets that are 
acquired or divested will be accounted for in our base year greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. The 
narrative may include our non-operated joint ventures. Reporting against  
our recycled and renewable-based polymer goal includes: (i) joint venture 
production marketed by LYB plus our pro rata share of the remaining 
production produced and marketed by the joint venture, and (ii) production 
via third-party tolling arrangements.
Subsidiaries are defined as those companies over which we, either directly  
or indirectly, have control through a majority of the voting rights or the right 
to exercise control or to obtain the majority of the benefits and be exposed  
to the majority of the risks. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on 
which control is obtained until the date that such control ceases. All 
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in 
consolidation.
Forward-looking statements
The statements in this report relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon 
assumptions of management of LYB, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. When used in this 
report, the words “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “should,” “will,” “expect,” and similar expressions are intended  
to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. Actual results could differ materially based on 
factors including, but not limited to, market conditions, the business cyclicality of the chemical, polymers and refining industries; the availability, cost and price  
volatility of raw materials and utilities, particularly the cost of oil, natural gas, and associated natural gas liquids; our ability to successfully implement initiatives 
identified pursuant to our Value Enhancement Program and generate anticipated earnings; competitive product and pricing pressures; labor conditions; our ability  
to attract and retain key personnel; operating interruptions (including leaks, explosions, fires, weather-related incidents, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, 
supplier disruptions, labor shortages, strikes, work stoppages or other labor difficulties, transportation interruptions, spills and releases and other environmental risks); 
the supply/demand balances for our and our joint ventures’ products, and the related effects of industry production capacities and operating rates; our ability to 
manage costs; future financial and operating results; benefits and synergies of any proposed transactions; receipt of required regulatory approvals and the satisfaction 
of closing conditions for our proposed transactions; final investment decision and the construction and operation of any proposed facilities described; our ability to 
align our assets and expand our core; legal and environmental proceedings; tax rulings, consequences or proceedings; technological developments, and our ability  
to develop new products and process technologies; our ability to meet our sustainability goals, including the ability to operate safely, increase production of recycled 
and renewable-based polymers to meet our targets and forecasts, and reduce our emissions and achieve net zero emissions by the time set in our goals; our ability to 
procure energy from renewable sources; our ability to build a profitable Circular and Low Carbon Solutions business; the continued operation of and successful shut 
down and closure of the Houston Refinery, including within the expected time frame; potential governmental regulatory actions; political unrest and terrorist acts;  
risks and uncertainties posed by international operations, including foreign currency fluctuations; and our ability to comply with debt covenants and to repay our debt. 
Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the Risk Factors section of our 
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which can be found at www.lyb.com on the Investor Relations page and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s 
website at www.sec.gov. There is no assurance that any of the actions, events, or results of the forward-looking statements will occur, or if any of them do, what impact 
they will have on our results of operations or financial condition. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made and are based on the estimates 
and opinions of management of LYB at the time the statements are made. 
LYB does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements should circumstances or management’s estimates or opinions change, except as required  
by law. This report contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date hereof. Information contained in this release is unaudited and is subject to 
change. We undertake no obligation to update the information presented herein, except as required by law. 
Our reported emissions and expected reductions are based on a combination of measured and estimated data and are based on industry standards and best practices, 
including the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and guidance from the American Petroleum Institute. Emissions reported are estimates only, and data is subject to change as 
methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur. Our goals to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, 
which could be changed or refined as we evolve our approach to identifying, measuring, and addressing emissions.
Contact information: sustainability@lyb.com
2
22

Page 3:
Introduction
About this report ...................................................................2
Our impact: Everyday sustainability ....................................4
Sustainability highlights ........................................................5
Our business .........................................................................6
About LYB...............................................................................7
Financial highlights and Value Enhancement Program ......8
Messages from our Chief Executive Officer  
and Chief Sustainability Officer ...........................................9
Ending  
plastic waste
Q&A with our EVP Circular and Low Carbon Solutions .....14
Goals and approach ............................................................16
Circulen recycled and renewable-based polymers ...........18
Integrated hub concept .....................................................20
Expanding mechanical recycling ........................................21
Advanced recycling development ......................................22
Investing upstream ..............................................................24
Venture capital funds ..........................................................25
Reporting pellet loss ...........................................................26
Table of Contents
Governance
Board and management oversight of sustainability ...........89
Ethics and integrity .............................................................. 91
Stakeholder engagement .....................................................93
Materiality .............................................................................95
United Nations framework .................................................. 96
Public policy .........................................................................97
Tax .........................................................................................98
Cybersecurity ...................................................................... 99
Customer privacy ...............................................................100
Data and assurance .............................................................101
Reconciliations for non-GAAP measures ...........................108
Reporting  
frameworks 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) index ...............................110
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) index ..115
Sustainability acronyms list ................................................116
Taking  
climate action
Goals and approach ............................................................28
Reducing scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions ................29
Procuring renewable sources of electricity .......................31
Internal carbon pricing........................................................32
Reducing the carbon footprint of our plants .................... 33
Reducing scope 3 GHG emissions .................................... 35
Product lifecycle metrics ...................................................36
Climate-related risks and opportunities .............................37
GHG emissions and energy performance .........................38
Environmental strategy ......................................................40
Environmental performance .............................................. 42
Supporting a  
thriving society
Goals and approach ............................................................50
GoalZERO  .............................................................................51
Safety performance .............................................................52
Product safety and stewardship .........................................55
Operational excellence .......................................................58
Workforce management..................................................... 60
Employee benefits ...............................................................63
Q&A with our Chief DEI Officer ...........................................64
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) ...................................66
Sustainable procurement ....................................................75
Social impact .......................................................................79
Human rights ....................................................................... 81
Advancing Good in our communities .................................83
3
33

Page 4:
1. Million metric tons. Production and marketing includes: (i) joint venture 
production marketed by LYB plus our pro rata share of the remaining production 
produced and marketed by the joint venture, and (ii) production via third-party 
tolling arrangements.
2. Our 2050 net zero goal includes scope 1 and 2 emissions.
3. Relative to 2020 baseline.
4.  Based on 2020 procured levels.
Our impact:
Everyday
sustainability
Industry-leading sustainability goals
LYB is a leader in the global chemical industry creating 
solutions for everyday sustainable living. Through 
advanced technology and focused investments, we are 
enabling a circular and low carbon economy. Across all 
we do, we aim to unlock value for our customers, 
investors and society.
We have structured our sustainability approach around 
three global challenges: Ending plastic waste, taking 
climate action and supporting a thriving society. This 
approach shapes how we manage our business and 
execute strategic objectives. We use sustainability 
frameworks and best practice to inform our sustainability 
approach.
United Nations (UN) Global Compact and Sustainable  
Development Goals (SDGs)
LYB joined the UN Global Compact in 2020  
and we have committed to uphold its Ten Principles.  
This sustainability report forms the basis of our 
Communication on Progress. Our sustainability 
approach is also aligned with the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs).
Information about how we support the UN SDGs is on 
page 96 of this report. 
net zero
greenhouse gas emissions from operations 
by 20502
42%
absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
reduction from operations by 20303
30%
absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions  
reduction by 20303
50%
minimum of electricity procured from renewable 
sources by 20304
Taking climate action Supporting a thriving societyEnding plastic waste
2MMt+
of recycled and renewable-based polymers  
will be produced and marketed annually  
by 20301
for every $
we invest in venture funds that address the  
plastic waste challenge, we help catalyze  
another five dollars from co-investors
zero
plastic pellet loss to the environment from  
our facilities
zero
incidents, injuries and accidents
achieve
gender parity in senior leadership  
globally by 2032
increase
the number of people from underrepresented 
groups in U.S. senior leadership roles to reflect the 
general population ratio by 2032
assess
a minimum of 70% of our key suppliers globally  
using sustainability criteria by 2025
4
4

Page 5:
Issued our inaugural 
$500 million 
Green Bond 
offering
Our 2023 
sustainability 
performance 
highlights 
Reached nearly 90% of 
our 2030 target to secure 
at least half of our global 
electricity from renewable 
sources
Women serving in 25% of global senior leadership 
compared to 22% in 2022
60 
manufacturing sites achieved GoalZERO (zero injuries, 
zero incidents and zero accidents)
+LC
Introduced +LC (Low Carbon) 
solutions, a range of I&D chemicals 
sourced from recycled and renewable 
feedstocks
~ 4MM gigajoules (GJ)
annual energy savings will be realized through energy 
efficiency projects 
0.139
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), 
representing industry-leading performance 
CDP Climate Change score of 
A-
More than 1,500 of our suppliers 
were assessed using environmental, 
social and governance criteria, more 
than a 120% increase over 2022
18% 
of employees participating in 
employee networks globally
$14 
million
Committed to the United Nations CEO Water Mandate 
and progressing our water stewardship practice
Strengthened our Circular and Low Carbon Solutions 
(CLCS) business by making significant investments to 
secure feedstock supply, expand our recycling 
footprint and develop scalable technologies to help 
end plastic waste
Announced decision to build a first of its kind 
commercial-scale, advanced recycling plant using  
our MoReTec technology
Our people around the world 
volunteered more than 21,000 
hours to help their communities 
donated to charitable 
organizations, including financial 
and in-kind donations and the total 
value of employee volunteer hours
5
5

Page 6:
Our Strategy
Our Purpose
Creating solutions for everyday sustainable living 
Values
• We champion people
• We strive for excellence
• We shape the future   
C om mitm ents
• Sustainability-focused 
 innovation
• Ever-better performance
• Outside-in perspective
• Impactful collaboration    
Competencies
• Build partnerships
• Deliver results
• Drive innovation
• Grow capabilities
• Promote inclusion
Solutions for a 
better tomorrow
Step up performance 
and culture
Build a profitable circular 
and low carbon solutions 
business 
Grow and upgrade 
the core
Our/uni00A0GoalZERO mindset enables our/uni00A0strategy/uni00A0
Our business
Our purpose, commitments and values reflect the role we seek to play in the world, what we uniquely deliver to achieve that purpose, and how we behave.
6
6

Page 7:
About LYB
100+ countries where our products are sold
20
countries with manufacturing sites and  
joint ventures
~ 6,200 patents and patent applications worldwide
~ 20,300 employees globally
#1
largest producer of polyethylene (PE)  
and polypropylene (PP) in Europe
#1 largest producer of oxyfuels worldwide
#2 largest producer of PP worldwide
#2
largest producer of propylene oxide (PO)
worldwide
Our operations
LYB is one of the world's largest producers of polymers 
and a leader in polyolefin technologies. We develop, 
manufacture and market high-quality and innovative 
products for applications ranging from sustainable 
transportation and food safety to clean water and  
quality healthcare.
Global presence
Map data as of December 31, 2023
Notable changes to our business in 2023: 1) Our Catalloy and polybutene-1 businesses were moved from the Advanced Polymer Solutions segment and reintegrated into the O&P-Americas and O&P-Europe, Asia, International segments; 2) in 2017, we acquired a 50% interest in Quality 
Circular Polymers (QCP), a mechanical recycling joint venture, and in 2023, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in QCP resulting in QCP becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary; 3) we announced the sale of our Ethylene Oxide & Derivatives business along with the production facility 
located in Bayport, Texas; and 4) we made the decision to delay our refining business exit from year-end 2023 to no later than the end of the first quarter 2025.
We manage our operations through six operating segments. Our reportable segments are:
Olefins and Polyolefins-
Americas (O&P-Americas)
Our O&P-Americas segment 
produces and markets olefins 
and co-products, PE, and PP.
Olefins and Polyolefins-
Europe, Asia, International 
(O&P-EAI)
Our O&P-EAI segment 
produces and markets olefins 
and co-products, PE, and PP.
Intermediates and  
Derivatives (I&D)
Our I&D segment produces 
and markets PO and its 
derivatives; oxyfuels and 
related products; and 
intermediate chemicals, such 
as styrene monomer (SM), 
acetyls, ethylene oxide and 
ethylene glycol.
Advanced Polymer  
Solutions (APS)
Our APS segment produces 
and markets compounding 
and solutions, such as PP 
compounds, engineered 
plastics, masterbatches, 
engineered composites, colors 
and powders.
Refining
Our Refining segment refines 
heavy, high-sulfur crude oil 
and other crude oils of varied 
types and sources available on 
the U.S. Gulf Coast into refined 
products, including gasoline 
and distillates.
Technology
Our Technology segment 
develops and licenses 
chemical and polyolefin 
process technologies and 
manufactures and sells 
polyolefin catalysts.
As of December 31, 2023
7
7

Page 8:
$2.1 B
Net income
$2.8 B
Net income  
excluding identified items
$6.46
Diluted EPS
$8.65
Diluted EPS  
excluding identified items
$4.5 B
EBITDA
$5.2 B
EBITDA 
excluding identified items
Our 2023  
financial  
highlights
Value Enhancement Program
Our Value Enhancement Program (VEP) is a company-wide 
program, which expands capacity through low-cost 
debottlenecks and improved reliability, reduces costs and 
emissions by saving energy and increases margins through 
improvements in procurement, logistics and customer 
service. 
VEP builds empowerment and collaboration within, between, 
and across geographies by leveraging the power and 
expertise of our employees. Employees are invited to 
provide ideas, which are discussed, quantified and assessed. 
This process helps to generate an entire portfolio of 
strategic initiatives that can deliver value.
At the end of 2023, we estimated VEP benefits to have a 
year-end run rate of approximately $300 million of net 
income which, after adding back income taxes and 
depreciation and amortization of $75 million and $25 million, 
respectively, results in approximately $400 million of 
recurring annual EBITDA, which exceeded our original 
expectations.
Note: We estimate net income and recurring annual EBITDA benefits for the VEP based on 
2017–2019 mid-cycle margins and modest inflation relative to 2021 baseline year. One-time 
CAPEX/OPEX costs to achieve estimated at $200 MM in 2023.
Recurring annual EBITDA for the VEP is the year-end EBITDA run rate estimated based on 
2017–2019 mid-cycle margins and modest inflation relative to a 2021 baseline. For a 
reconciliation of net income to recurring annual EBITDA for the VEP, refer to page 8.
$400 MM+
Recurring annual EBITDA  
as of year-end 20232023
Unlocked 
Value
Refer to page 104 for information about our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, 
including and excluding identified items. Identified items include adjustments for impairments and refinery exit costs.
8
8

Page 9:
From our Chief 
Executive Officer
" Our new strategy aligns 
our long-term plans to 
maximize value creation 
with our ambition to 
lead the sustainability 
transformation of our 
industry."
Dear stakeholders,
At LYB, we embrace sustainability as an opportunity to 
create value for our stakeholders, the environment and 
society. Driven by this belief, we took great strides toward 
establishing LYB as an industry leader in sustainability this 
past year. We embedded sustainability into our new 
company strategy and progressed our sustainability 
ambitions, while remaining laser-focused on safety, 
operational excellence and value creation. I invite you to 
read about these accomplishments and more in the 
subsequent pages of this year’s sustainability report.
March 2023 marked a pivotal moment for our company as we 
revealed our new company purpose, creating solutions for 
everyday sustainable living, and our new company strategy. 
This strategy consists of coordinated, simultaneous action 
across three pillars: growing and upgrading our core, building 
a profitable circular and low carbon solutions (CLCS) 
business, and stepping up performance and culture.
Our new strategy aligns our long-term plans to maximize 
value creation with our ambition to lead the sustainability 
transformation of our industry and help meet growing 
customer demand for low-carbon, recycled and renewable-
based products. 
We also established our inaugural green financing 
framework, which reflects the decisive steps we are taking 
to allocate capital toward initiatives aligned with our 
sustainability strategy. As part of this effort, we issued a 
$500 million Green Bond, whose net proceeds will go 
toward eligible projects.
In July 2023, our commitment to sustainability was 
recognized by MSCI as our environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) assessment rating was upgraded from  
A to AA. AA ratings recognize the top 10% of performers, 
based on a company’s ability to manage exposure to 
industry-material ESG risks relative to peers. LYB also 
received a score of A- for our 2023 response to the CDP 
Climate Change questionnaire, which now puts us in the 
leadership category.
Foundational to the success of our strategy is our continued 
focus on three critical sustainability challenges: Ending 
plastic waste, taking climate action and supporting a thriving 
society. Here is an overview of our approach in each area 
and a few key highlights from 2023.
Ending plastic waste
As a leader in the global chemical industry, we understand 
the critical role plastics play in society. They enhance 
people’s lives by enabling many core applications, from 
healthcare and housing to food packaging and sustainable 
transportation. However, plastic pollution is a critical issue, 
and we recognize the need for our industry to move faster. 
This is why we are accelerating our efforts to innovate, scale 
and deliver solutions to turn post-use plastics into everyday 
products and enable a circular economy.
As we build up our CLCS business, we are making 
investments to secure feedstock supply, expand our 
recycling footprint, and develop scalable technologies to 
grow our Circulen family of polymers. These polymers are 
produced using raw materials derived from mechanical 
recycling (CirculenRecover), advanced recycling 
(CirculenRevive) or renewable materials (CirculenRenew). 
Our goal is to produce and market at least 2 million metric 
tons of recycled and renewable-based polymers annually by 
2030.1 In pursuit of this goal, our CLCS business has 
invested upstream in plastic-waste sorting and recycling 
operations in the United States, Europe and Asia to help 
1.  Production and marketing includes: (i) joint venture production marketed by LYB plus our pro rata share of the remaining production produced and marketed by the joint venture, and (ii) 
production via third-party tolling arrangements.
9
9

Page 10:
Taking climate action
Carbon plays a critical role in our industry and our lives and 
is an essential building block of the products we make, so 
we will always require carbon in our feedstocks. However, to 
address climate change, we need to ensure sustainable 
sources of carbon for our products. 
In 2023, we introduced a new product range called +LC  
(Low Carbon) solutions, which uses alternative sources of 
carbon from recycled and renewable, bio-based materials. 
Using an ISCC PLUS-certified mass balance methodology to 
provide transparency and traceability, alternative feedstocks 
are attributed to +LC products. What's more, these products 
offer our customers a lower carbon footprint compared to the 
fossil-based equivalent. +LC products include core offerings 
from our Intermediates and Derivatives segment, such as 
styrene monomer and propylene oxide (PO) with end 
applications including insulation materials, automotive and 
consumer goods.
We are committed to reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions from our global operations and value chain. Within 
our global operations, we have set industry-leading, 
ambitious targets to reduce our GHG emissions and have 
taken concrete steps to achieve our goals. In the last two 
years, we accelerated our interim targets for 2030, 
increasing our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction 
target to 42% and establishing a scope 3 emissions 
reduction target of 30%, relative to a 2020 baseline.
Our plan to reach net zero scope 1 and scope 2 GHG 
emissions from global operations by 2050 is focused on  
four levers: Energy efficiency, renewable energy and 
electrification, hydrogen, and carbon capture and storage/
utilization. Our strategy includes continuously investigating 
evolving low carbon technology solutions and takes into 
account plans for organic growth, divestitures and 
previously announced asset closures, including the 
cessation of our Houston refining operations by no later  
than the first quarter of 2025.
build a complete offering of sustainable solutions across 
multiple recycling processes. Recently:
• We invested in Cyclyx International (25% equity stake), a 
joint venture partnership to accelerate the development of 
plastic waste sorting infrastructure in the U.S., and signed 
a final investment agreement to build the first Cyclyx 
Circularity Center (CCC)
• We invested in Rodepa Vastgoed B.V. (50% equity stake), 
the holding company of De Paauw Sustainable Resources, 
a Dutch plastic waste recycling company, to further 
develop our access to post-consumer and post-industrial 
plastic packaging waste in Europe
Further, we reached a final investment decision to build a 
first of its kind, commercial-scale advanced recycling plant, 
MoReTec–1. The plant will be located at our Wesseling, 
Germany site and will use our proprietary MoReTec 
technology. Once operational, this 50KTA unit will convert 
hard-to-recycle, post-consumer plastic waste into feedstock 
for new polymers, marketed under our CirculenRevive brand. 
We are considering investing in additional projects like this 
in the near future.
Our MoReTec technology is highly energy efficient thanks  
to its innovative process design and use of proprietary 
catalysts. These characteristics create favorable economics 
along with a low environmental footprint and high plastics-
to-plastics yield.  
As we neared the end of 2023, our team’s commitment to 
sustainability-focused innovation was on display as LYB was 
selected to receive a €40 million grant from the EU 
Innovation Fund to support development of our MoReTec–1 
unit in Germany. The EU is committing these funds as part of 
its efforts to support innovative clean-tech projects focused 
on decarbonization, and we are honored to have been one 
of the 41 projects selected.
By December 2023, we increased our renewable electricity 
volumes, primarily through power purchase agreements 
(PPAs). These PPAs represent nearly 90% of our 2030 target 
to secure at least half of global electricity from renewable 
sources. 
Supporting a thriving society
Our industry has a critical role to play in supporting a 
thriving society. Safety; a diverse, inclusive and equitable 
workforce; partnership with our communities for positive 
impact; and promoting a safe and healthy environment are 
top priorities for us.
Safety: Safety is embedded within our DNA, and we are 
committed to the well-being of our people and the 
communities we serve. LYB continued to deliver industry-
leading safety performance in 2023 with a total recordable 
incident rate (TRIR) of 0.139 and process safety incident rate 
(PSIR) of 0.035.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI): At LYB, we are building 
a culture where DEI is embedded as deeply as safety. We 
believe DEI is critical to the success of our company 
strategy. In 2023, we made progress toward our industry-
leading DEI goals. By the end of 2023, women served in 25% 
of global senior leadership roles at LYB, an increase from 
22% in 2022. In the United States, 19% of senior leaders were 
from underrepresented populations, consistent with the 
prior year.
Our employee networks play a vital role in cultivating an 
inclusive culture. We have network members at 92% of our 
global sites and as of 2023, 18% of employees were 
participating in networks globally.
Investing in our communities: We are committed to giving 
back to the communities where we operate and partnering 
with organizations to create positive change through our 
Advancing Good program. Through this program, we invest 
in charitable organizations supporting our communities, our 
planet and tomorrow’s workforce. In 2023, LYB employees 
volunteered more than 21,000 hours across our sites, and 
LYB donated more than $14 million to charitable 
organizations, including financial and in-kind donations and 
the total value of employee volunteer hours.
Promoting a safe and healthy environment: We recognize 
the importance of good environmental stewardship from 
managing our emissions and waste to preserving natural 
resources. The actions we take to promote a safe and 
healthy environment also have the potential to unlock 
opportunities. In 2023, we aligned with the UN CEO Water 
Mandate and adopted a water risk management strategy 
targeting our largest sites and those located in high water 
stress regions.
In closing, at LYB, sustainability lives within the core of who 
we are. It is a privilege to lead this team, filled with 
passionate people who care for the world around them and 
are making everyday sustainability a reality.
Peter Vanacker
Chief Executive Officer
10
10

Page 11:
From our Chief  
Sustainability Officer
2023 was a pivotal year for our organization as we work 
toward establishing LYB as an industry leader in 
sustainability. To guide us in our work, we developed a 
strategic framework consisting of four elements: ambition, 
action, advocacy, and accountability.
Our ambition is to tackle three critical global challenges, 
namely, helping to end plastic waste, taking climate action, 
and supporting a thriving society. To demonstrate our 
commitment, we set industry-leading sustainability goals in 
line with our value of shaping the future. Ambition guides 
our sustainability approach and helps us execute our 
company strategy, and it empowers employees and informs 
stakeholders. This year, we advanced our ambition by:
• Developing and quantifying our scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG 
emission reduction pathways through multiple levers. 
• Advancing our DEI strategy consistent with equal 
opportunity for all and leadership accountability.
Action is required to deliver on our ambition. Action enables 
us to create value, while assessing and mitigating risk. Our 
actions for 2023 are demonstrated in this report and 
showcase how we support everyday sustainability. Some 
notable highlights include:
• Developing our plans for integrated hubs in the Cologne 
and Houston areas, including investments in our 
innovation capabilities and the further scale up of our 
proprietary advanced technology, MoReTec.
• Undertaking life cycle assessment (LCA) studies for our 
Circulen and +LC product portfolio, as well as for our 
proprietary technologies which produce propylene oxide 
(PO) and tertiary butyl alcohol, and PO and styrene 
monomer.
• Engaging in a multidisciplinary project to review our 
processes through which we define our internal carbon 
price, with the objective of having a more uniform use 
across our operations and strategic decisions.
• Performing biodiversity impact assessments to understand 
our significant biodiversity risk locations and activities to 
improve biodiversity management.
The third element of our sustainability framework is to 
enable wider change through advocacy, helping to bring 
about science-based policies that unlock investment and 
deliver action at scale. Over the past year, we have made 
strides in this direction by:
• Becoming an active member of the World Business 
Council for Sustainable Development participating in 
various workstreams which enable collaboration on topics 
such as scope 3, plastic packaging and a climate-related 
corporate performance and accountability system.  
• Publishing our first climate advocacy report and 
committing to updating the assessment at least every  
two years.
• Participating in The Antwerp Declaration for a European 
Industrial Deal, a collective call to revitalize Europe's 
industrial landscape, strengthening basic industry sectors 
and ensuring their competitiveness, sustainability and 
resilience amid shifting geopolitics. Our CEO, Peter 
Vanacker, was among 73 industry leaders from nearly 20 
industrial sectors who came together in early 2024 to 
present the Antwerp Declaration to the Belgian Prime 
Minister and the European Commission President.
" We set industry-leading  
sustainability goals in line 
with our value of shaping 
the future."
11
11

Page 12:
The last element of our framework is accountability.  
Through clear, consistent and reliable disclosure of risks  
and opportunities, action pathways and progress on our 
ambitions we inform our strategy, build trust among 
stakeholders and facilitate appropriate capital allocation. 
Through strong governance and transparent disclosure, we 
demonstrate how we are taking action to be resilient and 
ready for a net zero, sustainable world. In 2023, we:
• Established a Sustainability Council to advise the 
Executive Committee in all matters related to 
sustainability, including on climate-related matters.
• Initiated a cultural ambassador program to help drive our 
work in advancing our cultural transformation. 
• Issued our inaugural Green Bond, the proceeds of which 
are being used to fund new or existing eligible green 
projects in the areas of circular economy, renewable 
energy, pollution prevention and control, and energy 
efficiency.
Our sustainability approach and framework help us navigate 
opportunities and challenges as they arise in both the short 
and medium term.
With this framework in mind and a few of our key actions 
spotlighted, I invite you to explore more in our 2023 
Sustainability Report. Whether that is reading the top line 
messages, or delving into the proof points and case studies, 
we are keen for everyone to find out how we are supporting  
everyday sustainability.
Andrea Brown
Chief Sustainability Officer
LYB inaugural Green Bond
We issued our inaugural $500 million Green Bond in May 2023. Proceeds 
are being used to fund new or existing eligible green projects in the areas 
of circular economy, renewable energy, pollution prevention and control, 
and energy efficiency. As of December 31, 2023, we have allocated 
approximately $195 million of proceeds toward eligible green projects.
Projects that received allocation are noted in this report. Our first annual 
Green Bond allocation and impact report will be published in the second 
quarter of 2024 on our website at www.lyb.com. Our Green Financing 
Framework and S&P Global’s second-party opinion are also available on 
our website.
12
12

Page 13:
Ending plastic waste
13
13

Page 14:
Q&A with the Executive 
Vice President, Circular 
and Low Carbon Solutions, 
Yvonne van der Laan
Q: What is the purpose and function of the Circular and 
Low Carbon Solutions (CLCS) business within LYB? 
A: We established the CLCS business in response to growing 
demand for recycled and renewable solutions. Surveys 
indicate that society is increasingly concerned about 
addressing plastic waste, and consumers are willing to pay 
for recycled products, resulting in brand owners increasing 
commitments to sustainability and circularity by 2025 and 
beyond. CLCS operates with a strategic and differentiated 
business model, focusing on advancing sustainable and 
low-carbon solutions. Our entrepreneurial mindset allows us 
to swiftly tackle challenges related to plastic waste 
feedstock access and develop scalable, innovative 
technologies. The CLCS business goal is to expand our 
Circulen portfolio of recycled and renewable solutions. By 
doing so, we can transform plastic waste into valuable 
resources, meet our customers' recycling and sustainability 
commitments, and help end plastic waste in the 
environment.
Q: How does it support the company's purpose and 
strategy?
A: CLCS aligns seamlessly with our purpose of creating 
solutions for everyday sustainable living by meeting our 
customers’ demands and society’s expectations for circular 
and low carbon solutions. CLCS aims to create value for our 
company, customers, shareholders, and society by 
enhancing our ability to meet the needs of a changing 
market, differentiating ourselves as an industry leader, and 
fulfilling our commitment to circularity. Building a profitable 
CLCS business is one of three pillars of our company 
strategy, and we will get there by leveraging the company's 
strengths of scale, market access and technology leadership 
to establish robust supply chains for advancing circular and 
renewable feedstocks to address customer needs. This 
enhances our sustainability performance and creates 
business opportunities that resonate with our customers' 
and stakeholders' commitments and expectations.
In her role, van der Laan is responsible for building a profitable circular  
and low carbon solutions business, one of the three pillars of our new strategy.
" CLCS aims to create 
value for our company, 
customers, shareholders, 
and society."
14
14

Page 15:
15
Q: What is the business value the CLCS business brings 
to LYB?
A: Our commitment is to deliver at least $1 billion of 
incremental EBITDA¹ to the company's bottom line by 2030. 
To achieve this goal, we are leveraging existing strengths of 
scale, market access and technology leadership. We are 
establishing a robust supply chain for advancing circular  
and renewable feedstocks, addressing both customer and 
societal needs.
Q: Could circularity be as big as fossil fuels in the future? 
What will the market look like over the next decade?
A: Circularity is a key concept in the transition to a more 
sustainable economy. It means designing products and 
systems that minimize waste and maximize resource 
efficiency by reusing, recycling, or regenerating materials at 
the end of their life. Circularity can reduce the dependence 
on fossil fuels and lower the greenhouse gas emissions 
associated with the production and consumption of goods. 
We believe circularity will play a significant role in the future 
of the chemical industry and the broader economy.  
The market will be shaped by several trends and drivers 
influencing the demand and supply of recycled products. 
Some key factors are increasing awareness and regulation, 
growing consumer preferences, and the innovation of 
technologies and business models. We have considered only 
currently announced regulations in our assessment of 
demand outlook. Any additional measures introduced will 
serve as a further tailwind for recycled demand.
Q: How does the CLCS business embody the sustainability 
component of the LYB business strategy?
A: We are committed to advancing the principles of 
sustainability in everything we do, from our operations and 
products to our relationships and communities. The CLCS 
business is a clear demonstration of how we are putting our 
sustainability commitment into action, by developing and 
delivering solutions that can help address one of the most 
pressing environmental challenges of our time: Plastic 
waste. The CLCS business is also aligned with our core 
values of excellence, championing people and shaping  
the future, as we are constantly collaborating with our 
customers, partners, and suppliers and striving for 
excellence in innovation and execution.
Q: What steps are being taken to strengthen and position 
CLCS for future success?
A: Our focus on building capacity today is part of a long-
term strategy. We are committed to understanding market 
dynamics, investing upstream in the recycling value chain, 
investing in innovation and scalable technologies, and 
ensuring the CLCS business is well-positioned to capture 
opportunities as the market for circular and low carbon 
solutions continues to evolve. Steps we have taken include:
• Leveraging proceeds from our inaugural $500 million 
Green Bond to fund new and existing projects to help 
grow our circular and low-carbon solutions
• Scaling MoReTec, the company’s advanced recycling 
technology, to turn difficult-to-recycle post-use plastics 
back into valuable raw materials
• Investing in third-party pyrolysis oil producers to build 
capacity amid rising customer demand for advanced-
recycled products
• Investing and engaging  further upstream in the value 
chain to develop plastic waste sorting and processing 
capabilities, and innovative recycling technologies
• Investing in mechanical recycling across strategic regions
1.  Incremental to LyondellBasell’s fossil-based O&P Americas and O&P EAI annual EBITDA. 
Refer to page 104 for information about our non-GAAP financial measures.
15
15

Page 16:
Plastics are essential in creating solutions for everyday sustainable living. As lightweight, hygienic and durable 
materials, they play a vital role in products used around the globe, every day. Innovative plastic materials help  
to keep food fresh longer so it can be safely stored and transported long distances, reducing food waste. These 
materials also provide safe, high-quality solutions for healthcare. Plastics are key to the energy transition, from  
the latest automotive components that enable vehicle lightweighting, to integral components for wind turbines 
and solar panels.
We recognize the pressing need to eliminate plastic waste in the environment and the 
imperative of transitioning toward a circular economy for plastic. The evolving global  
landscape, including societal aspirations, consumer awareness and new regulations, is 
driving circularity commitments and spurring demand for recycled content. Circular 
solutions are needed to keep valuable materials circulating in the economy through 
recycling and reuse. Circularity is critical to helping end plastic waste, and it offers strong 
economic, social and climate benefits.
We launched our CLCS business to support our ambition to produce and market at least 2 
million metric tons of recycled and renewable-based polymers annually by 2030.1 Our 
Circulen portfolio of products supports the reduction of plastic waste through the use of 
recycled materials as a feedstock. 
As global demand for recycled and renewable-based plastics continues to grow, in 2023, 
our CLCS business made significant progress investing upstream to secure plastic waste 
material to deliver on this ambition. The investments are focused on securing feedstock 
supply, expanding our recycling footprint and developing scalable technologies to grow 
our Circulen portfolio of products globally and across our business segments.
For more information on our Circulen portfolio of products, refer to page 18 of this report.
Our goals
• Produce and market at least 2 million metric tons of 
recycled and renewable-based polymers annually by  
20301 
• For every dollar we invest in venture funds that address 
the plastic waste challenge, we help catalyze another five 
dollars from co-investors
• Zero loss of plastic pellets to the environment from our 
operations
Our approach
• Grow our Circulen portfolio of recycled and renewable-
based polymers to become a global supplier of choice  
for circular and low carbon solutions
• Build scale and capture value through the creation of 
integrated hubs, leveraging capabilities at our existing 
Cologne and Houston-area sites
• Expand our mechanical recycling capacity globally
• Address customer demand for higher quality and drop-in 
solutions through our comprehensive approach to 
advanced recycling
• Leverage our innovation capabilities to develop and 
further scale up our proprietary advanced recycling 
technology, MoReTec
• Secure access to third-party pyrolysis oil to process at 
integrated hubs using commercial agreements
• Invest upstream to support our recycling strategy  
and become a preferred strategic partner to plastic waste 
management companies
• Offer lower carbon solutions to our customers, brand 
owners, and retailers through the use of renewable, 
bio-based feedstocks
• Catalyze the development of sustainable solutions  
by investing in venture funds targeting start-ups that  
increase the recovery and recycling of plastic waste
Building a circular economy
1 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 1242 3
2021 recycled content
Projected recycled content by 2025
Gap to 2025 target
25% 25% 25%
30%
25%
5%
30%
66%
39%
50%
25%
30%
1.   Production and marketing includes (i) joint venture production marketed by LYB plus our pro rata share of the remaining 
production produced and marketed by the joint venture, and (ii) production via third-party tolling arrangements.
Brand owner commitments
Top 12 global brand owner recycled content targets by 2025
and projected share at current pace 
% of total packaging content
16
16

Page 17:
Produce and market  
at least 2 million 
metric tons of 
recycled and 
renewable-based 
polymers annually  
by 20301 
Achieving this ambitious goal requires a range of actions to 
secure access to plastic waste feedstock and build our 
capacity to produce more recycled and renewable-based 
products. Every investment we make under our CLCS 
business is focused on securing feedstock supply, growing 
our recycling footprint and developing scalable technologies 
to increase our Circulen portfolio of products. These 
products will enable our customers and brand owners to 
meet their circularity and sustainability goals and provide 
another use for plastic waste that could otherwise end up in 
landfills, incineration, or the environment.
Customer needs for recycled and renewable-based material
LYB has a unique advantage in becoming the global supplier of choice for circular and low carbon solutions with our large customer base in PE and PP and our 
close customer relationships. This allows us to understand and collaborate to meet customers’ needs down the value chain. We are meeting customer needs for 
solutions that are: 
In 2023, we produced and  
marketed 123 kilotons (kt) of 
recycled and renewable-based 
polymers1
1.  Production and marketing includes (i) joint venture production marketed by LYB plus our 
pro rata share of the remaining production produced and marketed by the joint venture, 
and (ii) production via third-party tolling arrangements.
Our goal
Indistinguishable
Polymers sourced from 
renewables and advanced 
recycling are indistinguishable 
from fossil-based material
At scale
Sizeable sustainability 
commitments require stable, 
established, large-scale 
suppliers
Global
Suppliers with a 
comprehensive suite of 
products accessible through a 
robust global supply chain 
network
Drop-in solutions
Ease of use that requires  
little to no investment or 
redocumentation
Traceable
ISCC+ certification provides 
auditable mass balance 
attribution for recycled or 
renewable-based feedstocks
17
17

Page 18:
CirculenRecover 
Products made from plastic waste through a mechanical recycling process. This type of 
recycling upgrades plastic waste into usable materials through mechanical processes including 
sorting, washing, grinding, melting and forming new pellets. The resulting polymers can also 
be blended or compounded with traditional fossil-based products, allowing us to deliver 
high-quality polymers with an optimal balance of performance characteristics and 
mechanically recycled content. These polymers can be used in a wide variety of industrial, 
household and consumer product applications.
CirculenRevive 
Products made using an advanced (chemical) recycling process to convert plastic waste back 
to its molecular level, which is then used as a feedstock in our conventional production 
processes to produce new polymers. Advanced recycling is a complementary approach to 
mechanical recycling in that it can address hard-to-recycle items such as mixed materials, 
composites, multilayer and flexible plastics. The advanced recycled feedstock is mixed with 
conventional feedstocks in our process, and attributed to CirculenRevive products using a 
mass balance approach certified according to the ISCC PLUS standard. These polymers can  
be used in highly regulated applications such as food contact and healthcare.
CirculenRenew
Products made from renewable feedstocks derived from bio-based wastes and residual oils, 
such as used cooking oils. These feedstocks are used in our conventional production processes 
along with conventional feedstocks, and are attributed to CirculenRenew products using an 
ISCC PLUS-certified mass balance approach. The use of renewable feedstocks offers a lower 
carbon footprint compared to fossil-based feedstocks. These polymers can also be used in 
highly regulated applications such as food contact and healthcare.
LYB offers a range of recycled and renewable-
based polymers under the Circulen brand. 
These polymers are designed to meet the 
needs of our customers and help them 
achieve their sustainability goals
18
18

Page 19:
19
Successful collaborations support customer sustainability goals
CirculenRenew
A plant-based bag for a leading crisps 
brand
PepsiCo crisps brand Lay’s is in the French market with its 
first plant-based packaging for Lay’s à l’Ancienne and Lay’s 
Paysanne Our CirculenRenew solutions were used to make  
this bag, which according to Lay's contains 50% renewable-
based raw materials. The CirculenRenew grade is sourced 
from renewable raw materials such as second-generation 
vegetable oils, which are attributed to the product using an 
ISCC PLUS certified mass balance approach. 
Innovation in female healthcare
Driving change toward more sustainable solutions can  
be challenging in a highly regulated setting like the 
pharmaceutical sector. Our CirculenRenew polymers  
offer a solution. We collaborated with Wellspect HealthCare, 
a Swedish medical technology company, to create a female 
urinary catheter, called LoFric Elle using CirculenRenew 
polymers. In an industry that is heavily reliant on fossil-based 
raw materials for its plastic, this project is one of the first of  
its kind for medical devices. 
New cold cups contribute to 
sustainability 
In another example, LYB is collaborating with value chain 
partners Neste, Berry Global, Pactiv Evergreen and Dart 
Container to produce cold beverage cups that reduce the 
use of fossil resources and contribute to the circular 
economy. These cups use our CirculenRenew polymers, 
which are sourced from renewable-based raw materials, 
such as used cooking oil. These polymers are equivalent to 
virgin resin quality while reducing fossil feedstock use and 
helping to reduce CO2 over the product life cycle. The new 
cups, designed for use by fast food companies, are made of 
a combination of circular and bio-based materials supplied 
by LYB and other value chain partners. These collaborations 
allow us to design, build, test and scale these cups to meet 
the increased demand for more sustainable options. 
CirculenRecover
Award-winning sustainable  
packaging solution
In collaboration with a global brand, our CirculenRecover 
post-consumer resin (PCR) was used in a dispenser designed 
for skin care, hair care and makeup. This dispenser won the 
AmeriStar 2023 Award in the Health & Beauty Aids category, 
recognizing its excellence in packaging design and 
innovation. The dispenser replaces traditional heavy weight 
glass or multi-material droppers, and offers recycled content 
and user-friendly features. The design also eliminates the 
need for different materials and reduces the number of parts 
needed, making it easier to recycle. The collaboration is 
another milestone in bringing innovative circular solutions to 
the cosmetics sector.
CirculenRevive
Packaging keeps snacks fresh while 
supporting circularity goals 
Creating sustainable solutions can be challenging for 
applications that must meet strict requirements, such as 
food packaging. Our CirculenRevive polymers offer a  
circular solution for hard-to-recycle plastics and end-use 
applications with strict requirements. We partnered with 
Berry Global and a global food brand to provide a polymer 
sourced from advanced recycled plastic waste for use in the 
packaging for snack crackers. Our objective was to help the 
global brand find the right material for its bag-in-box liner 
film that would contribute to plastics circularity and their 
2025 recycled plastic content commitment. After careful 
consideration, the project team chose our CirculenRevive 
polymers with the high quality necessary for food 
applications, and ideal properties for use in film extrusion, 
with recycled content attributed using an ISCC PLUS 
certified mass balance approach. This innovative packaging 
meets product safety and freshness requirements while 
offering sustainability benefits through recycled feedstocks.
19
19

Page 20:
Build scale and capture value through the 
creation of integrated hubs, leveraging 
capabilities at our existing Cologne and 
Houston-area sites 
We aim to leverage existing strengths of scale, market access, and technology leadership to establish robust supply chains 
to increase access to circular and renewable feedstocks.
The LYB integrated hub strategy brings together existing assets in the Cologne and Houston areas with new advanced 
sorting, mechanical recycling, and advanced recycling assets to create operational scale, reduce cost, and capture value 
from plastic waste.1 
Complementary to our integrated hub approach, we also aim to establish smaller regional hubs across Europe and North 
America to gain access to and process fragmented feedstock supplies.
Advanced
sorting plant  
C racker
Renewable
feedstock
M echanical
recycling plant 
C om pounding
Advanced
recycling plant  
Purification
M ixed w aste
plastics 
Integrated Hub Concept
1. Individual projects may be subject to final investment decision or conclusion of a definitive agreement.
20
20

Page 21:
In 2023, we continued to take steps to boost our mechanical recycling footprint globally. Our approach to mechanical 
recycling includes joint ventures and acquisitions in Europe, Asia, and North America. This will enable us to further expand our 
CirculenRecover portfolio of mechanically recycled polymers, creating high quality solutions for our customers while diverting 
plastic waste from landfills, incineration or the environment. In 2023, our activities included: 
• Acquiring 100% ownership of Quality Circular Polymers 
(QCP) BV with mechanical recycling locations in Belgium 
and the Netherlands. QCP is an industry-leading 
mechanical recycling company with a production capacity 
of 55,000 metric tons per year. The QCP site in Geleen, 
the Netherlands, produces high-quality high-density 
polyethylene (HDPE) and polypropylene (PP) polymers 
from post-consumer plastic waste.
• Investing in Stiphout Industries B.V. (Stiphout) (50% equity 
stake). The company is involved in the sourcing and 
processing of post-consumer plastic packaging waste. 
Stiphout operates a facility located in Montfort, the 
Netherlands, with an annual processing capacity of 17,000 
metric tons. Stiphout has, over time, built up experience in 
the processing of plastic household waste into clean 
flakes of recycled PP and HDPE. 
• Investing in Rodepa Vastgoed B.V. (50% equity stake), the 
holding company of De Paauw Sustainable Resources 
(DPSR). DPSR is a Dutch plastic waste recycling company 
involved in the sourcing, processing and trading of 
post-consumer and post-industrial plastic packaging 
waste. DPSR operates production facilities located in 
Hengelo and Enschede, the Netherlands, with an annual 
processing capacity of 50,000 metric tons. DPSR process 
plastic waste into recycled PP and low-density 
polyethylene (LDPE) materials.
• Agreed to form a joint venture with LMF Nord, GmbH, a 
leading recycler of agricultural film, to recycle post-
commercial flexible secondary packaging and build a 
mechanical recycling plant in Northern Germany to turn 
Linear Low Density Polyethylene (LLDPE) and LDPE waste 
into quality recycled plastic materials for use in flexible 
packaging.
• Completed the acquisition of Mepol Group, a 
manufacturer of recycled, high-performing technical 
compounds located in Italy and Poland, which will operate 
under our APS business unit. By combining Mepol's deep 
expertise in recycled compounds with the strategy and 
scale of LYB, we see opportunities to accelerate the 
growth of our APS business.
Expanding our mechanical recycling  
capacity globally 
Proceeds from our Green Bond were allocated to our investments in Stiphout Industries B.V. and LMF Nord GmbH.
21
21

Page 22:
Addressing customer demand for high quality, drop-in solutions 
through a comprehensive approach to advanced recycling 
2017 2025
We began focusing on advanced 
recycling in 2017 as a complementary 
solution to mechanical recycling with the 
ability to address multi-layer, flexible 
packaging and other plastics that cannot 
be mechanically recycled and end up in 
landfills, incineration or the environment.
The start-up of our MoReTec pilot 
plant in Ferrara, Italy, in 2020 and its 
expansion in 2021 were important 
milestones as we improved the 
efficiency and economics of the 
technology.
In 2023, we made the final 
investment decision to build a first of 
its kind, commercial-scale advanced 
recycling plant, MoReTec–1, using our 
proprietary MoReTec technology at 
our site in Wesseling, Germany.
Construction of MoReTec–1 
expected to be completed 
by the end of 2025.
In 2018, we collaborated with 
Germany’s Karlsruhe Institute of 
Technology (KIT) to develop our 
proprietary MoReTec technology, 
which uses a catalyst to improve the 
breakdown of plastic waste.
22
22

Page 23:
Oil
3
Catalytic reaction 
produces 
substitutes for 
fossil-based 
cracker feedstocks 
such as naphtha 
and NGLs
4
Pyrolysis oil  and gas are fed 
into an existing craker to 
produce monomers such as 
ethylene and propylene
5
Monomers are fed into an existing 
polymerization plant to produce 
polyethylene or polypropylene 
pellets with identical properties 
to fossil-based polymers
6
Allows customers to 
use recycled polymers 
in demanding
applications, 
such as healthcare 
and food packaging
1
Plastic 
waste raw 
materials is 
processed
2
Reactor is fed with 
plastic waste flakes 
and catalyst
MoReTec–1 will be a first-of-its-kind 
commercial-scale advanced recycling plant
In 2023, we made the final investment decision to build 
MoReTec–1, a first-of-its-kind commercial-scale advanced 
recycling plant that will use our proprietary MoReTec 
technology to convert post-consumer plastic waste into 
feedstock for the production of new polymers. The new 
plant will be located at our site in Wesseling, Germany, and 
is expected to have an annual capacity of 50,000 metric 
tons per year. It is designed to recycle the amount of plastic 
packaging waste generated by over 1.2 million German 
citizens per year.
Source One Plastics, a joint venture of LYB and 23 Oaks 
Investments formed in October 2022, will supply the 
majority of the processed plastic waste feedstock for 
MoReTec–1 from its new sorting and recycling facility in 
Eicklingen, Germany. The Source One plant, which started 
up in February 2024, processes difficult-to-recycle post-
consumer plastic waste, such as mixed plastic packaging 
and flexible polyolefins materials that would otherwise be 
sent mostly to incineration. It uses an innovative dry 
processing method to reduce energy consumption by up to 
30% compared to conventional technologies. The system is 
designed to minimize the occurrence of fine plastic dust and 
its release into the environment. The plant will be powered 
by locally generated renewable energy.
The advanced recycled feedstock produced by the MoReTec 
facility will be used for the production of polymers sold by 
LYB under the CirculenRevive brand for use in a wide range 
of applications, including medical and food packaging.  
Construction of MoReTec–1 is expected to be completed by 
the end of 2025.
The MoReTec technology difference
The MoReTec technology produces pyrolysis oil and 
pyrolysis gas. Pyrolysis oil is a substitute for fossil-based 
materials used in polymer production. In competing 
technologies, pyrolysis gas streams are typically consumed 
as a fuel. However, the MoReTec technology enables the 
pyrolysis gas to be recovered as well, avoiding emissions 
associated with using the pyrolysis gas as a fuel, while also 
contributing to the production of polymer and replacing 
fossil-based feedstocks. 
In addition, the proprietary catalyst technology lowers the 
process temperature, reduces energy consumption and 
improves yield.  With lower energy consumption, the 
process can be powered by electricity, including electricity 
from renewable sources. 
These differentiating advantages provide a carbon footprint 
advantage as well. The recovery of pyrolysis gas as 
feedstock, lower energy demand, electrical heating design, 
replacement of fossil-feedstocks, and recovery of waste 
plastic from incineration or landfill result in a lower carbon 
footprint compared with fossil-based processes. 
LYB advanced recycling project 
selected for EU Innovation Fund Grant1
LYB has been selected to receive a €40 million grant from the European Union (EU) Innovation Fund to 
support our MoReTec–1 plant in Wesseling, Germany. Our plant is one of the 41 projects selected in the 
EU Innovation Fund ‘Third Call for Large Scale Projects.’ The EU is committing EUR 3.6 billion as part of 
its efforts to fund innovative clean-tech projects to support decarbonization. We are honored that our 
advanced recycling technology has been recognized by the EU for its promise to address plastic waste 
and contribute to a circular economy.
Proceeds from our Green Bond were allocated to our MoReTec–1 project and investments in Source One Plastics.
1.  Funded by the European Union. Views and opinions expressed are, however, those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the 
European Union. Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them.
How MoReTec works
23
23

Page 24:
Investing upstream to become a preferred 
strategic partner for plastic waste feedstock 
owners 
In the U.S., we invested in Cyclyx International (25% equity stake), a joint venture of Agilyx, ExxonMobil and LYB, to 
accelerate innovation and development of the necessary advanced sorting infrastructure in the U.S. to enable a 
circular economy for plastics. 
We also signed a final investment agreement with Cyclyx International to build the first Cyclyx Circularity Center 
(CCC) in Houston with the aim of diverting millions of pounds of plastic waste from landfills. With a designed capacity 
to process 150,000 metric tons of plastic material, the CCC will produce feedstock for mechanical and advanced 
recycling. This new facility will sort and process mixed plastic waste, including waste collected through the Houston 
Recycling Collaboration (HRC) plastic collection program. HRC is a collaboration between government, industry, and 
the community which aims to significantly increase Houston’s plastics recycling rate and help establish the city as a 
leader for both mechanical and advanced recycling processes. Formed in 2022, the collaboration is the first of its kind 
in the U.S. The public-private partnership model serves as a blueprint for other cities across the nation. LYB is a 
founding member. 
Proceeds from our Green Bond were allocated to our investment in Cyclyx.
24
2424

Page 25:
For every dollar we invest in venture funds that 
address the plastic waste challenge, we help 
catalyze another five dollars from co-investors
The magnitude of the plastic waste crisis has highlighted the urgent need for 
support of early-stage innovations through venture funds that can provide 
capital, expertise and access to new markets. That is why we are investing in 
venture capital funds that align with our ambition to help end plastic waste in 
the environment and promote a circular, low carbon economy.
In 2023, we invested in Lombard Odier Investment Managers 
(LOIM) Plastic Circularity Fund SCSp. The fund’s investment 
objective is to provide solutions to reduce pollution from 
plastic waste and decrease GHG emissions in the plastic 
value chain. The fund is targeting to raise up to $500 million. 
We also invested in a new Carbon Neutrality Fund led by 
Chrysalix Venture Capital. The fund will support emerging 
companies developing and deploying new low-carbon 
technologies, focusing on hard-to-abate sectors, such as the 
chemicals industry. 
In addition to our investments in Chrysalix and LOIM, LYB 
previously invested in Closed Loop Circular Plastics Fund, 
Infinity Recycling’s Circular Plastics Fund. 
These venture capital funds are focused on accelerating the 
development of infrastructure and recycling technologies 
needed to address plastic waste challenges and low carbon 
technologies in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Proceeds from our Green Bond were allocated to our investments in the LOIM Plastic Circularity Fund, Carbon Neutrality Fund, and Closed Loop Circular Plastics Fund, Infinity 
Recycling’s Circular Plastics Fund. 
Our goal
25
25

Page 26:
Zero loss of plastic pellets to the  
environment from our operations
We sell polymer products in the form of pellets, flakes and 
powders, which are handled at multiple points from creation 
to customer delivery. As of December 31, 2023, we had 77 
polymer manufacturing, research and technical sites that 
produce or handle polymers. We are committed to zero 
pellet loss to the environment and being transparent about 
our performance.
LYB is a member of Operation Clean Sweep® (OCS), the 
plastics industry’s global initiative to promote collaboration, 
training, and education in controlling and reducing the loss 
of pellets, flakes and powders. We also committed to OCS 
Blue, an elevated level of commitment that enhances the 
management, measurement and reporting requirements for 
pellet loss into the environment.
We monitor and report pellet loss in accordance with 
American Chemistry Council (ACC) guidance. For purposes 
of our reporting, loss is defined as an unplanned release of 
polymeric solids from a site boundary in a quantity greater 
than 0.5 kilograms (equivalent to 1.1 pounds) in a single 
incident. In 2023, approximately 10 kilograms of polymeric 
solids was lost offsite. We clean spills, conduct investigations, 
and implement corrective actions to prevent similar incidents 
in the future.
We conduct annual assessments of our operations to 
evaluate and improve pellet loss efforts, including 
monitoring, handling, recycling, safe disposal, cleaning and 
containment. We also have tools to identify opportunities to 
prevent pellet loss and emphasize educating and 
empowering our employees in their continuing support of 
this effort.
In 2023, our facilities began participating in external OCS 
audits to increase transparency and strengthen our program.  
These audits were developed through regional trade 
associations with the strong support of LYB. In each external 
assessment, independent auditors verify that we meet 
specific requirements to prevent pellet loss in our facilities 
and along the plastics value chain. In 2023, our Tarragona 
site in Spain was the first facility in the world to be certified 
under this new external OCS audit program. 
 2020 2021 2022 2023
Pellet loss from our operations
Number of polymer sites 79 76 75 77
Loss incidents 3 4 4 1
Loss (kilograms) 12 43 11 10
Our goal
26
26

Page 27:
Taking climate action
27
27

Page 28:
As a leader in our industry, we have an important role in driving change. We support the objectives of the Paris 
Agreement to limit global temperature rise to well below 2°C above preindustrial levels and to pursue efforts to 
limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5°C.
Our climate ambition
We are committed to reducing GHG emissions from our 
global operations and value chain, and to delivering 
solutions which advance our customers’ climate 
ambitions and support society’s transition to a low 
carbon world. As companies within our value chains 
increasingly set their own scope 3 goals, we believe our 
ambitious climate goals will be an advantage. We aim to 
deliver low carbon footprint materials that will meet 
increasing demand across our value chains.1
We believe a commitment to net zero scope 1 and scope  
2 GHG emissions by 2050 and a credible pathway to 
2030 for scopes 1, 2, and 3 are critical to the long-term 
success of LYB. Our goal is to reduce our scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 42% and scope 3 emissions by 30% by 
2030, relative to a 2020 baseline. As part of our scope 1 
and 2 commitment, we aim to procure a minimum of 
50% of our procured electricity from renewable sources 
by 2030, based on 2020 levels.
We recognize that offsets may play a future role in 
meeting our long-term climate goals, as there will be 
emission sources where it will be either technically or 
economically infeasible to realize operational reductions.
Limits on the use of offsets within target-setting 
standards may evolve in the future. As we progress our 
climate approach, we are working to define our offset 
strategy including scope of use in our overall transition 
plan to net zero.  
In 2022, we committed to having our 2030 targets 
validated as science-based through a letter of 
commitment submitted to the Science Based Target 
initiative (SBTi). Our 2030 targets were developed to 
align with SBTi target requirements, including ambition 
levels and scope of coverage. The SBTi is continuously 
working to update its  existing methodologies and 
develop new sector methodologies, including for the 
chemical industry. While our initial commitment was 
accepted by the SBTi, the validation of our targets was 
subsequently paused due to a global pause on 
companies with oil-and gas-related activities. We remain 
committed to aligning our climate targets with the latest 
climate science and will continue to work with SBTi on a 
path toward validation. In addition, we are supporting 
the development of the SBTi chemical sector target- 
setting standard, which is expected to be finalized and 
published in 2024. 
For information on sustainability and climate 
governance, refer to pages 89-90 in this report. 
1 Our 2050 net zero GHG emissions goal includes scope 1 and 2 emissions. 
2 Relative to a 2020 baseline. 
3 Relative to a 2020 baseline. 
4 Based on 2020 procured levels.
Our goals
• Achieve net zero GHG emissions from our global 
operations by 2050¹
• Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 42% by 
2030²
• Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions 30% by 20302
• Procure a minimum of 50% of electricity from renewable 
sources by 20303
Our approach
• Align our ambition and associated targets with the latest 
climate science and the objectives of the 2015 Paris 
Climate Agreement
• Develop a low carbon and circular product portfolio and 
collaborate with our customers to help them achieve their 
climate ambitions
• Develop and quantify transition pathways to attain our 
scope 1 and 2 targets through the use of multiple levers, 
including energy efficiency, hydrogen, electrification 
coupled with renewables, and carbon capture, storage, 
and utilization
• Develop and quantify pathways to attain our scope 3 
targets through our planned exit of the refining business, 
our increased use of renewable-based and circular 
feedstocks, and supplier engagement with our feedstock, 
raw materials, and logistic suppliers
• Assign a monetary value on carbon differentiated by 
region to align our capital expenditure and energy-related 
decisions with our overall climate ambitions
• Align our governance model for sustainability and climate 
with the recommendations established by leading 
frameworks
• Continue to integrate climate impacts into our business 
processes and strategy, including through our analysis of 
climate-related risks and opportunities
• Engage with governments and industry peers, including 
through our trade associations, to support effective 
policies to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement and 
our global climate ambitions
1. Our 2050 net zero GHG emissions goal includes scope 1 and 2 emissions. 
2. Relative to a 2020 baseline.
3. Based on 2020 procured levels.
1. Lower carbon when compared with fossil-based alternatives.
28
28

Page 29:
Pathway to net zero from global operations
2020 baseline scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by segment
Reduce absolute scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions 
42% by 20301
Our 2030 scope 1 and 2 target supports 
our long term 2050 net zero ambition.
Globally, our scope 1 and 2 emission footprint is approximately 
23 million metric tons, with approximately 75% of these 
emissions from North American operations and 25% from 
Europe. Scope 1 and 2 emissions from other regions of the  
world represent less than 1% of our total.
Our pathway to reach net zero scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in 
our global operations is based on four reduction levers that 
support our plans to reduce emissions from our portfolio: 
• Energy efficiency: Optimizing our use of energy in all of our 
manufacturing processes to lower our energy footprint, reduce 
GHG emissions, and reduce operational costs.
• Renewable electricity and electrification: Sourcing electricity 
from renewable electricity projects primarily through power 
purchase agreements, and electrifying processes to reduce 
our reliance on fossil fuels.
• Hydrogen: Increasing the use of hydrogen in our fuel mix used 
on-site for energy to replace other more carbon intensive 
fuels.
• Carbon capture and storage/utilization (CCS/CCU): Reducing 
direct emissions by enabling the capture and storage or reuse 
of CO2 from our operations.
We continuously investigate novel low carbon or carbon-free 
production processes, especially for potential application in our 
core olefin and propylene oxide businesses. 
Our goal
Ole/f.shortins & Polyole/f.shortins Intermediates & Derivatives Re/f.shortining Others
76%
12%
12%
33%
44%
23%
65% 66%
19% 19%
10%
6% 14% 1%
% Scope 1 % Scope 2
(steam)
% Scope 2
(electricity) % Total
Our olefin plants are the largest GHG emissions 
contributor of our manufacturing base, 
representing approximately 60% of our 
combined scope 1 and 2 GHG footprint.  
Second are our PO plants within our I&D 
business. The following sections will provide 
further insights into our approach to 
decarbonize our operations. Procured electricity 
represents approximately 15% of our total  
scope 1 and 2 footprint.
2020 - 2030 2030 - 2050
2020
BASELINE
23.2
MMt
-3.7
+2.0
-2.0
-2.5
-2.6
-0.9
Investments 
& divestitures
Growth
Energy
e/f_f.shorticiency
Renewables &
electri/f.shortication
Hydrogen
Carbon Capture
& Storage Renewables &
electri/f.shortication
Hydrogen
CCS/CCU
2030
EXPECTED
FOOTPRINT
13.5
MMt
This graph represents the expected quantified 
contribution of our four reduction levers to meet our 
2030 scope 1 and 2 target and a qualitative estimate 
for us to reach net zero in our global operations by 
2050. Beyond 2030, scaling new technologies may 
also be part of the solution.
1. Relative to a 2020 baseline.
29
29

Page 30:
Expected progression toward scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions 2030 target
Millions metric tons CO2
2020 2022 2023 2025 2027 20292021 2024 2026 2028 2030
10
15
20
25
The graph below represents our expected progress 
toward our 2030 scope 1 and 2 GHG target. Early actions 
across the four reduction levers of energy efficiency, 
renewable electricity and electrification, use of hydrogen 
and the potential deployment of CCS/CCU are on track 
for us to meet our 2030 target. The commissioning of 
our new PO/TBA plant at our Channelview manufacturing 
site in Texas contributed to the slight year-on-year 
increase in our overall emissions in 2023.
The emission reduction projects included in our plan 
are in different stages of development. We continue to 
evaluate each business case and prioritize reduction 
opportunities based on each project's rate of return. 
Estimates of the associated expenditures are built into 
the company's long-range plan, and we estimate capital 
spending to support our sustainability goals, including 
climate and circularity ambitions, will represent 
approximately 20% of our total capital expenditures over 
the next two years, with approximately $400 million 
estimated to be spent in 2024. We also anticipate 
incurring costs for environmental compliance, including 
compliance with potential legislation and potential 
regulation related to climate change in subsequent 
periods.
Several of these projects involve collaboration with 
external stakeholders, and are dependent on a number  
of enablers including the construction of relevant 
infrastructure. In this regard, we have been working in 
close collaboration with different project participants, for 
example, with grid operators and our utility providers, for 
the successful execution of these projects. 
VEP is a company-wide program, which expands capacity through low-cost debottlenecks and improved reliability, reduces 
costs and emissions by saving energy and increases margins through improvements in procurement, logistics and customer 
service. In 2023, we implemented VEP projects which translated into annual GHG emissions savings of nearly 240,000 tons of 
carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) and annual energy savings of nearly four million GJ for a total investment of $7 million in 
operating expenses and capital expenditures. More information about our VEP program can be found on page 8 of this report.
VEP initiatives help drive GHG  
emissions reductions
Type of initiative
Estimated annual  
GHG savings  
(kilotons CO2e)
Estimated annual  
energy savings  
(million GJ)
Investment required  
($ millions)
Energy efficiency 200 3.2 4.8
Process optimization 30 0.5 0.3
Maintenance, unplanned downtime, quality 2 < 0.1 0
Flared material reduction 6 0.1 2.2
Total 238 3.9 7.3
30
30

Page 31:
Procure a minimum of 50% of electricity from 
renewable sources by 20301
Region Technology Estimated  
start up
Power generation 
capacity (MW)
USA Wind Active 100
USA Solar Active 280
USA Wind 2025-2026 173
USA Solar 2025-2026 325
Europe Solar Active 5
Europe Wind 2025-2026 252
Europe Solar 2025-2026 250
Total 1,385
Procured electricity represents approximately 15% of our 
total scope 1 and 2 footprint, and shows the importance  
of our efforts in meeting our renewable electricity 
procurement target.
Our non-olefin and non-PO assets represent less than 10%  
of our total scope 1 and 2 footprint, and their the GHG 
emissions of those assets are primarily derived from 
consumption of fossil fuel generated electricity and steam, 
which we often source from third-party suppliers.
Our goal to secure at least 50% of our procured electricity 
volumes from renewable sources by 2030 is a key lever to 
reduce the carbon footprint of our procured electricity, and 
our preferred approach is the use of long-term power 
purchase agreements (PPAs)2 to invest in new renewable 
energy projects that create additionality. Energy Attribute 
Certificates (EACs) procured through our PPAs will be 
allocated to manufacturing sites in line with available subject 
matter guidance and taking into account electricity market 
boundaries and the carbon intensity of each site’s procured 
electricity.
As of December 2023, we have secured renewable 
electricity volumes through PPAs achieving almost 90%  
of our 2030 target, bringing our total procured renewable 
electricity to 1,385 megawatts. These agreements will 
generate an estimated 3.7 million megawatt hours of 
renewable electricity annually and reduce our scope 2 GHG 
emissions by more than 1.3 million metric tons of carbon 
emissions once projects are operational. Four projects from 
our North America portfolio of PPAs became operational in 
2023 resulting in 422 GWh of renewable electricity delivered 
to LYB. These projects allowed us to reduce GHG emissions 
from our operations by approximately 150,000 tons of CO2e 
in 2023.
PPAs for renewable energy projects, through the EACs that 
accompany them, will continue to be our main source of 
renewable electricity. However, unbundled EACs may be 
used to decarbonize our electricity supply if our electricity 
demand exceeds our forecasts.
In addition to procuring EACs through renewable electricity 
PPAs, we are working to identify other opportunities to 
reduce the carbon intensity of the electricity we procure  
and we are evaluating strategic options within the regions. 
An example of low carbon electricity supply beyond 
renewable electricity is carbon capture and sequestration  
on cogeneration facilities that are associated with our 
assets. This strategy reduces the carbon intensity of the 
electricity and steam supplied to the site.
1. Based on 2020 procured levels.
2. In this report, the reference to PPAs includes virtual power purchase agreements (VPPAs).
Proceeds from our Green Bond were allocated to four wind and solar projects in North America.
Our goal
Projects listed are as of December 31, 2023, and represent the LYB portion of the project as determined by the developer. 
31
31

Page 32:
The role of internal carbon pricing
Integrating climate into our business planning is a crucial step in our journey to drive cost-effective climate action 
and achieve our ambitions. We use an internal price on carbon as part of our capital allocation processes, 
maintaining a regional differentiated approach, with price levels defined in line with the Emissions Trading System 
(ETS) carbon market in the EU and through benchmarking of the industry in the U.S. and for the rest of our global 
operations. 
The use of an internal carbon price (ICP) is a key enabler for us to progress toward our 2030 and 2050 scope 1 and 
scope 2 targets, allowing us to assign a monetary value to our GHG emissions and integrate this value into our 
business planning. As the energy transition progresses, we anticipate an increased value for carbon, driven by 
expected increases in global carbon regulations and growing customer willingness to pay a premium for low 
carbon products.  
In 2023, we followed a multidisciplinary approach to review our processes through which we define our internal 
carbon price, with the objective of having a more uniform use across our operations and strategic decisions. 
Implementation of our revised ICP will place greater emphasis on low carbon alternatives in growth projects and 
influence considerations around new projects.
32
32

Page 33:
Our olefin plants are the largest GHG emissions contributor of our manufacturing base, 
representing approximately 60% of our combined scope 1 and 2 GHG footprint. This is 
primarily due to the high heat requirements of thermal cracking, with temperatures reaching 
up to 900°C to process our feedstocks, such as ethane or naphtha, into higher value 
chemicals such as ethylene and propylene. Olefins are the basic building blocks for many  
of our products, including polymers and propylene oxide. Reducing the carbon intensity of 
these building blocks will have a significant impact on the carbon footprint of the 
petrochemical product chain.
The high heat requirement for thermal cracking is currently achieved primarily through the 
combustion of fossil fuels, which contribute to most of the scope 1 and 2 footprint  
of the olefin plants. In addition to purchased feedstocks, these fossil fuels include gas 
stream, composed mostly of methane and hydrogen, which are unavoidable by-products 
from the thermal cracking process. As part of our Value Enhancement Program, we 
constantly aim to reduce energy consumption and fuel use in our olefin process, which has  
a direct impact on our GHG emissions. In addition, we are pursuing a multi-faceted approach 
to deliver net zero scope 1 emissions for our olefin plants through two main reduction levers: 
Displacing fossil fuels with low carbon hydrogen and delivering heat by using renewable or 
low carbon electricity. Capturing hard-to-abate emissions will also form part of this approach 
with the aim being to store or valorize the captured CO2 into higher value products.
We are developing ways to substitute hydrogen for fossil fuels for our olefin plants. Hydrogen 
is a natural by-product from the thermal cracking process with significant volumes produced 
in ethane-fed cracking operations. Where those volumes were previously directed to other 
uses, such as to support desulfurization operations in our refinery in Houston, we are working 
toward maximizing the volume of hydrogen that is reused for energy in our own operations.
Longer term, beyond 2030, scaling new technologies may also be part of the solution. We 
are active in this space through our R&D and collaborations.
Reducing the carbon footprint of olefins U.S. Gulf Coast 
hydrogen project 
evaluation underway 
Collaboration between companies, governments,  
and civil society organizations and across the entire 
hydrogen value chain is critical to enabling the energy 
transition in hard-to-abate sectors. 
Recognizing this critical element, we are collaborating 
with Air Liquide and Chevron to evaluate and potentially 
advance the development of a hydrogen and ammonia 
production facility along the U.S. Gulf Coast.
This project is a part of the HyVelocity hub, which  
was selected by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) 
Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations to begin award 
negotiations for the development of the HyVelocity  
Gulf Coast Hydrogen Hub. 
The consortium aims to assess the potential for 
producing hydrogen using a combination of low carbon 
electricity and methane sources. This includes by-
product methane produced in our olefin processes, 
along with carbon capture and storage, to supply 
end-use markets, including the ammonia, 
petrochemicals, power, and mobility markets. 
The project would support our target to reach net  
zero scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions by 2050  
and reduce our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 42%  
by 2030, relative to a 2020 baseline.
Furnaces
Polymers
By-products
Recycling Recycling
Advanced 
recycled 
plastics
Fossil-based
Plastic-based
(e.g., pyrolysis oil)
Bio-based
Feedstock
Olefins
Circular
hydrogen
Hybrid-electric
or hydrogen-fueled
cracker
Tomorrow's net zero/circular cracker
Graphic depicts the most material sources of GHG emissions; remaining sources to be addressed through other site reduction measures to reach net zero scope 1 and 2.
33
33

Page 34:
 
 
 
Steam network in Rotterdam-Botlek  
saves 50 million cubic meters (m3) of 
natural gas
Our PO plants are the second-largest GHG emissions 
contributor of our manufacturing base, representing 
approximately 19% of our combined scope 1 and 2 GHG 
footprint. We produce PO through two distinct proprietary 
technologies, one of which yields styrene monomer as a 
co-product, and the other of which yields tertiary butyl 
alcohol (TBA) as a co-product, used primarily as a precursor 
to oxyfuels that improve the fuel efficiency and reduce the 
GHG footprint of gasoline vehicles.
Our PO plants have a high steam and power demand and  
are supplied either through onsite generation or through 
third-party supply. In addition, both PO processes produce 
liquid by-product streams that are currently reused in the 
process for energy. Reducing the footprint of our steam and 
power supply and securing an alternative outlet for these 
liquid by-product streams are key elements in our approach 
to develop a net zero pathway for our PO plants.
We are working toward reducing the footprint of our onsite 
power and steam production assets with projects underway 
to meet our 2030 targets. As with our olefin plants, carbon 
capture and storage and/or reuse will also play a key role in 
reducing GHG emissions, including to reduce emissions 
linked to the management of liquid by-product streams 
produced as part of our PO processes. 
Reducing the carbon footprint of our PO plants 
LYB is engaged in a multi-stakeholder initiative in the Rotterdam-Botlek industrial area to decrease natural gas 
consumption, which will reduce GHG and nitrogen emissions. With this far-reaching collaboration, manufacturers, 
grid operators, the municipality and the province are joining forces to make the industry in the Rotterdam-Botlek 
area more sustainable.
By expanding the Botlek steam network, this initiative will replace steam that is currently produced with natural 
gas, with residual steam produced as a by-product of industrial processes from AVR, a residual waste processor, 
and Cabot Corporation, a chemical company. This will result in a minimum decrease of natural gas consumption 
of 50 million m3, a GHG reduction of 100 kt per year, and a reduction of 40,000 kilograms (kg) of nitrogen 
emissions per year. The Botlek Steam Network will have the potential capacity to further reduce gas consumption 
up to 150 million m3, a potential reduction of 300 kt and 120,000 kg of nitrogen emissions per year. LYB will be the 
largest consumer of this steam, which will contribute to reducing scope 2 emissions at our Botlek site, and reduce 
the scope 2 footprint of our PO, co-products and derivatives produced onsite.
Proceeds from our Green Bond were allocated to the steam network in Rotterdam-Botlek
Plastic-based
(e.g., pyrolysis oil)
Hybrid-electric
or hydrogen-fueled
I&D PO plant
Fossil-based
Bio-based
Feedstock
By-products
fuels
Circular
hydrogen
Process
units
Tomorrow's net zero/circular PO plant
Graphic depicts the most material sources of GHG emissions; remaining sources to be addressed through other site reduction measures to reach net zero scope 1 and 2.
34
34

Page 35:
Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions  
30% by 20301
Global scope 3 emissions for LYB in 2020, our baseline year 
for our target, are estimated to be 100 million metric tons. In 
line with target setting requirements set forth by the SBTi, our 
target coverage corresponds to more than two thirds of 
estimated global scope 3 emissions, or 75MMt and includes 
emissions from our most material sources, including our 
feedstocks, our products, and our equity investments. 
Our approach to reducing scope 3 emissions is tied to the 
reduction levers listed below: 
• Exit from our refining business: We estimate our exit from 
the sale of refined products, including gasoline, diesel and 
jet fuel, will represent a total reduction of approximately 40 
million metric tons of scope 3 emissions annually.
• Use of circular feedstocks: We are increasing our use of 
renewable bio-based and recycled feedstocks, in line with 
our commitment to produce and market at least 2 million 
metric tons of recycled and renewable-based polymers 
annually by 2030.2
• Engaging with suppliers: By engaging with suppliers, 
including those that supply our feedstocks and raw 
materials, we can better understand the product carbon 
footprint of the materials we procure from them and 
explore the potential for collaboration on emissions 
reduction opportunities. We utilize the product carbon 
footprint guidance from Together for Sustainability (TfS)  
to enable harmonization on scope 3 accounting 
approaches across the value chain. We also will stop 
procuring various raw materials, including crude oil,  
due to our exit from our refining business.
• Shifting to less carbon intensive fuels: Switching to the 
use of lower carbon intensive fuels in our operations may 
offer the potential to lower our scope 3 emissions, in 
addition to reducing our scope 1 and scope 2 emissions.
• Engaging with logistics providers: We are engaging  
with our logistics suppliers to better understand emissions 
linked to the transportation of our products to our 
customers and reviewing opportunities to optimize  
our distribution routes to reduce GHG emissions. We 
participated in the development of the Global Logistics 
Emissions Council (GLEC) guidance for the European 
Chemical Industry as part of the Smart Freight Centre  
and are working with logistics suppliers to improve the 
accuracy of emissions reporting to guide optimization 
efforts.
Procured goods
and services
28%
Use of sold
products
45%
End of life of
sold products
18%
Equity
investments
3%
Other
6%
2020
BASELINE
75
MMt
+11 <-1 <-1
-5
-37
2030
EXPECTED
43-53
MMt
Investments
Use of circular 
feedstocks
Impact of 
scope 1 + 2 
reduction 
measures
Engaging 
with suppliers
Exit from 
re/f.shortining 
business 
Breakdown of scope 3 emissions by emission source
Data based on 2020 levels.
Primary reduction levers to achieve scope 3 GHG emissions reduction target3
1. Relative to 2020 baseline.
2.  Production and marketing includes: (i) joint venture production marketed by LYB plus our pro rata share of the remaining production produced and marketed by the joint venture, and (ii) 
production via third-party tolling arrangements.
3.  In line with SBTi target setting requirements, our scope 3 target includes emissions from at least two-thirds of our global scope 3 emissions. Emissions from our feedstocks and raw 
materials (category 1), our energy-related activities (category 3), our upstream transportation (category 4), use of our products (category 11), and our equity investments (category 15) are 
included in our target boundaries.
Our goal
35
35

Page 36:
We are undertaking life cycle assessment (LCA) studies for our Circulen and +LC product portfolio, including 
technologies like our proprietary technologies such as PO with co-product TBA, and PO with co-product SM.  
We are also assessing our MoReTec technology and expanding our activities toward our olefins, polymer and 
compounded products. 
Our LCAs are conducted according to ISO 14040/44 (including 14067 for product carbon footprints). They 
undergo a critical review with an independent expert reviewer or a panel of experts (ISO/TS 14071), using 
recognized tools and databases, aligning with Together for Sustainability (TfS). 
The LCAs will be used to support customer information needs on the sustainability attributes of our products  
and technologies. We aim to generate full LCAs and inherent product carbon footprint calculations for our entire 
product portfolio by 2026. 
Additionally, we are collaborating to support the harmonization of product life cycle metrics and their application 
(e.g., ISO 14040/44, Product Environmental Footprint, GHG Protocol Product Standard) and share best practices 
within the chemical industry. Examples are our participation in TfS and the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Partnership for Carbon Transparency (PACT) pathfinder framework project, 
where members design and publish standards and tools for data exchange on Product Carbon Footprint (PCF) 
information.
Fact-based evidence is critical when claiming sustainability advantages of our products and technologies, and 
we are growing our internal capability to calculate life cycle metrics such as LCAs and PCFs. We use these tools 
to support our evaluation of new technologies via our R&D team and Net Zero Transition team, collaborate with 
customers on their scope 3 emission targets, and evaluate our supply chain.
We will continue to expand our capability to deliver life cycle metrics information in 2024 to support our 
customer information needs and sustainability ambitions, and further enhance the value proposition of 
sustainable solutions offerings.
Product lifecycle metrics 
36
36

Page 37:
Risk & Opportunity type Description
Risk1
Regulatory
As an energy intensive business, LYB is impacted by existing and emerging energy and climate legislation. For example, the European 
Union Emissions Trading System (ETS) has a direct impact on our operational costs, and we incorporate the costs associated with 
ETS in our long-range financial planning. We expect our 1.5°C aligned scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction targets to partially mitigate 
the risk associated with new or modified climate regulation.
Technology
Risks related to developments in GHG emission reduction technologies may have a direct impact on our ability to meet reduction 
targets, for example, through changes in our production processes and our ability to provide products meeting our customers’ 
climate goals.
Legal
LYB considers the potential for litigation and other legal risks in its climate-related risk assessments. For example, we monitor 
the development of climate-related litigation in the jurisdictions that are relevant to the company and apply insights from those 
developments to our risk assessments. Should LYB become subject to a similar court ruling in this type of litigation, it could 
increase the cost of meeting our climate goals due to an accelerated pace and may also lead to reputational risk or loss of 
stakeholder confidence.
Market
There is an increasing awareness in downstream markets of the overall GHG footprint of products. Changing customer demand 
related to climate change may also create threats based on our speed and ability to respond adequately. For example, should LYB 
be considered as insufficient in addressing climate challenges to the expectations of our stakeholders and customers, this could 
result in adverse financial effects, such as loss of market share from customer deselection, departure of employees, or loss of 
shareholder support.
Reputation
A potential reputational risk arises from our approach to addressing climate change, which has the capacity to influence the 
perception of LYB by our stakeholders, including the communities we engage with, our valued customers, and our shareholders. 
The concern here lies in the event that we are perceived as falling short of the expectations set by our stakeholders and customers 
in the realm of climate action. Such an assessment could trigger adverse repercussions in the form of reputational damage. This 
could manifest in the loss of market share due to customer disengagement, attrition of employees, or a decline in shareholder 
support.
Acute 
physical
Severe weather events and climatic factors pose an acute physical risk to our operations, especially in vulnerable regions like the 
U.S. Gulf Coast. Climate change intensifies this risk, increasing the frequency and severity of events like hurricanes, flooding, and 
drought. While we maintain preparedness and business continuity plans aimed at minimizing potential disruptions and enhancing 
safety, these events still have the potential to interrupt our supply chain and operations. Our facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast, a 
region that has previously encountered hurricanes, have experienced such interruptions in the past, necessitating temporary 
shutdowns.
Chronic 
physical
Long-term climate changes bring about chronic physical risks to our operations, notably global sea level rise and persistent 
drought conditions. For instance, we have witnessed feedstock shipping restrictions caused by unseasonal weather variations in 
Germany, affecting the Rhine River's water levels.
Opportunity
Technology
We strongly believe in the role emerging technologies will have to play to reduce GHG emissions in the chemical sector. Cross 
functional teams assess new technology developments and their suitability in our operations and to meet our reduction targets; 
for example, in the areas of olefin production technology, carbon emission capture, storage and reuse, hydrogen, and process 
electrification including steam crackers.
Market
In 2022, we worked alongside several top businesses to introduce solutions from our Circulen portfolio of polymers derived from 
mechanical recycling (CirculenRecover), renewable-based feedstocks (CirculenRenew) and advanced recycling (CirculenRevive). 
As we continue to focus on the future beyond, we took action to establish our CLCS business to deliver on our ambition to 
produce and market at least 2 million metric tons of recycled and renewable-based polymers annually by 2030.2  
1.  A substantive financial or strategic impact on our business at the corporate level is defined as a risk with an EBITDA loss of more than $100MM. Beyond financial impacts, we also consider 
environmental, legislative, reputational, and people related risks as part of our assessment. We classify risks irrespective of the defined occurrence based on financial and/or strategic 
impacts starting from insignificant, minor, moderate, major, and substantial.
2.   Production and marketing includes: (i) joint venture production marketed by LYB plus our pro rata share of the remaining production produced and marketed by the joint venture, and (ii) 
production via third-party tolling arrangements.
LYB assesses climate-related risks and opportunities as part of 
our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program. We have a 
dedicated climate change risk management process derived 
from the overall ERM program, and we align with the 
Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
framework to guide our approach. This process is used to 
address climate-related risks through a structured and formal 
approach. The risks are evaluated with input and alignment 
from the Executive Committee.
The climate change risk management process utilizes the 
six-step ERM risk management process for both risks and 
opportunities based on the International Standard ISO 31000:
• Understanding objectives
• Identification
• Assessment
• Evaluation
• Response
• Monitoring and reviewing
Climate-related risks and opportunities are evaluated across 
multiple levels in our organization including the Executive 
Committee, departmental, and program/project levels when 
applicable. Our approach involves analyzing the nature of 
these climate-related factors and determining the level of risk 
exposure, which considers both the likelihood of occurrence 
and potential impact across different time frames (short, 
medium, and long term). This comprehensive analysis helps 
us effectively identify, understand, and manage climate-
related risks and opportunities within our operations.
The risk assessments entail a careful consideration of 
likelihood and impact ratings. The likelihood assessment 
incorporates a multifaceted approach, encompassing an 
analysis of past occurrences, both within and beyond the 
organizational sphere, and an evaluation of current risk trends 
and available data sources. Furthermore, this assessment 
takes into account the evolving landscape of climate-related 
risks, considering future scenarios and how these risks may 
manifest in light of the organization's control measures. The 
goal is to comprehensively understand the probability of a 
risk materializing, incorporating a forward-looking perspective 
Climate-related risks and opportunities 
based on the current state of the risk and the effectiveness of 
the company's existing control measures.
The impact assessment analyzes the repercussions of a risk 
event, encompassing various facets, such as financial 
implications, non-financial considerations including 
regulatory compliance, safety protocols, reputation 
management, and the welfare of the workforce. This 
approach considers both immediate consequences and 
downstream effects, offering a comprehensive view of the 
risk's impact, and hence materiality of a risk is based on how 
critical it could be for our business model.
Together, the likelihood and impact assessments contribute 
to a risk rating, which is essential for informed decision-
making and mitigating climate change-related risks 
effectively.
Each identified risk undergoes an evaluation process guided 
by established ERM criteria to assess whether it falls within an 
acceptable level of risk exposure considering strategies for 
risk reduction. Potential risk responses are assessed to gauge 
their feasibility and potential benefits, using a cost-benefit 
analysis as a guiding framework. Our risk management 
strategy focuses on continuous risk monitoring and control. 
To achieve this, we develop key risk indicators that can be 
tracked over time for each specific risk. These indicators act 
as our compass, helping us stay informed about how risks are 
evolving and changing. If a risk requires attention, these signs 
prompt timely responses.
Moreover, we place strong emphasis on accountability.  
Each identified risk is entrusted to a risk owner, a designated 
individual responsible for overseeing and actively managing 
the risk. This approach creates a seamless system that 
bolsters our risk management framework and allows us to 
proactively address climate change-related risks.
We have developed climate-related scenarios to assess  
both physical and transitional risks. These scenarios align  
with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 
representative concentration pathways (RCP): RCP 2.6, 4.5, 
and 8.5. These pathways represent varying expectations of 
global temperature rise in the medium (2030) and long term 
(2050).
37
37

Page 38:
GHG Intensity 2020 2021 2022 2023
Metric tons of CO2e per ton of product  0.6  0.6  0.6  0.5
We follow an operational control accounting approach in line 
with the GHG Protocol developed by the World Resources 
Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development (WBCSD) for our emissions 
reporting and account for 100% of GHG emissions from 
assets under our operational control. Emissions from our 
non-operated assets are accounted for in our scope 3 
(category 15). 
We recalculate our baseline emissions in the event of 
divestments and acquisitions. In 2023, we engaged an 
external auditing firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) to 
perform a limited assurance engagement over our scope 1 
and 2 emissions data and our total energy consumption data. 
We are also working toward enhancing our data collection 
systems and data control processes for other climate and 
sustainability-related data to obtain assurance  
in future years.  
In 2023, we advanced a scope 3 data automation project 
to connect our scope 3 calculation model to our internal 
management systems and obtain activity data, for example 
procurement or production volumes on a real time basis. 
This allows us to improve both the accuracy of our scope 3 
calculations by having a consistent methodology through 
which we obtain scope 3 data as well as the granularity of 
the data we obtain to support our strategy work, in particular 
where it comes to our engagement with suppliers.
GHG emissions and energy 
Breakdown of scope 3 emissions 
(Million metric tons of CO2e) 2020 2021 2022 2023
Scope 1 emissions 15.6 16.3 14.7 15.4
Scope 2 emissions (market-based) 7.6 7.6 7.4 7.0
Scope 2 emissions (location-based) 7.1 7.1 7.0 7.1
Total scope 1+2 GHG emissions (market-based) 23.2 23.9 22.1 22.3
Scope 3 emissions (target boundaries)  75.4  81.7  80.5  82.6
Upstream scope 3 emissions  31.6  35.0  33.1  34.3 
Downstream scope 3 emissions  63.3  66.9  65.5  65.0 
Aggregated overview of GHG emissions 
(Million metric tons of CO2e) 2020 2021 2022 2023
Category 1: Procured goods and services  27.0  30.0  27.9  29.7 
Category 2: Capital goods  1.4  1.4  1.3  1.1 
Category 3: Fuel and other energy related activities  2.0  2.3  2.6  2.4 
Category 4: Upstream transportation  1.0  1.0  1.0  1.1 
Category 5: Waste in operations  0.3  0.3  0.2  0.1 
Category 6: Business travel  0  0  0  0 
Category 7: Employee commuting  0  0  0  0 
Category 9: Downstream transportation  0.6  0.5  0.6  0.6 
Category 11: Use of sold products  43.0  45.6  46.7  47.4 
Category 12: End of life of sold products  17.2  18.1  16.0  14.9 
Category 15: Equity investments  2.5  2.7  2.2  2.1 
We follow the recommendations set forth by the Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and the GHG Protocol our climate-related disclosures. 
Scope 1: Direct emissions from sites operated by LYB
Scope 2: Indirect emissions from external electricity and steam suppliers
Scope 3: Other indirect emissions that occur in the value chain
Our 2020 to 2022 scope 3 data were adjusted following the implementation of a scope 3 data automation project, which resulted in adjustments in the activity data obtained from our 
internal management systems.
The company is committed to continuous improvement in reporting and strives to utilize applicable calculation methodologies and emissions factors that represent evolving expert analysis, 
information and assessment.
(Million gigajoules) 2020 2021 2022 2023
Total energy consumption 383 415 382 380
Total  electricity procured volumes 30 32 31 32
Total energy consumption from renewable sources 0.3 0.3 0.1 1.5
% of renewable electricity over total electricity 
procured
1.04% 0.99% 0.40% 4.81%
Energy 
Energy intensity 2020 2021 2022 2023
Gigajoule per ton of product 9.9 10 9.5 9
Our energy data encompasses manufacturing sites, pipelines and large regional offices. Energy intensity for 2020 and 2021 was adjusted due to updated information from our suppliers.
In line with SBTi target setting requirements, our scope 3 target includes emissions from at least two-thirds of our global scope 3 emissions. Emissions from our feedstocks and raw 
materials (category 1), our energy-related activities (category 3), our upstream transportation (category 4), use of our products (category 11), and our equity investments (category 15) are 
included in our target boundaries.
38
38

Page 39:
3939
Environment
Taking climate action is linked 
to other actions taken for the 
environment.
39
39

Page 40:
We recognize our operations 
impact the environment and  
we play an important role when  
we act as good stewards and 
responsibly manage our 
environmental footprint. Taking 
climate action is linked to other 
actions taken for the environment. 
We are focused on operating 
safely and responsibly while 
improving resource efficiency  
and reducing the environmental 
footprint of our operations and 
products. 
Environment
Focus areas
Our approach
We advanced our environmental strategy in 2023 by aligning with the UN CEO Water Mandate, adopting a water risk 
management approach, targeting our largest sites and those in high water stress regions, and initiating biodiversity impact 
assessments to understand our biodiversity risks and activities to improve biodiversity management. Our approach to the 
environment encompasses four key areas: Air and water quality, water use and availability, material reuse and waste, and 
biodiversity and ecosystem services.
Air and water quality
Clean air and uncontaminated water are critical resources 
for people and support functioning ecosystems. We 
are committed to promoting pollution prevention and 
reducing emissions, including emissions of greenhouse 
gases, and emissions to air, water and soil.
Water use and availability 
We recognize water is a shared resource and water 
availability is a critical issue. Water is an essential 
resource for our operations and we are committed to 
responsibly managing sourcing, consumption, and 
dependency on water.
Biodiversity and ecosystem services
Biodiversity is the variety of all living things and thriving 
biodiversity is essential to support healthy ecosystems. 
Healthy ecosystems are necessary to provide essentials 
such as the food, water, and medicines we rely on, and to 
support a healthy climate. We are working to improve our 
understanding and management of impacts to biodiversity 
and ecosystem services.
Material reuse and waste
Managing waste requires safe, responsible, and 
effective handling, transportation, and disposal. This 
includes reducing waste generation by identifying 
opportunities to repurpose waste into a resource, 
recycle, and avoid and manage spills or releases of 
hazardous substances to the environment.
We use a variety of standards and 
frameworks to inform our approach
GoalZERO
Our commitment to operating safely includes a target of  
zero environmental incidents. Our GoalZERO environmental 
approach helps ensure compliance with applicable 
environmental laws, and requires reporting and investigating 
incidents to prevent recurrence. Our program also includes a 
target of zero loss of polymeric solids from our operations.  
refer to GoalZERO on pages 51-52.
Operational Excellence
Operational Excellence includes our environmental 
management system. This management system sets out clear 
requirements for how we work, and applies to our employees 
and contractors. Refer to Operational Excellence on page 58. 
ISO 14001
Most of our sites in Europe, Asia and Latin America are  
ISO 14001:2015 certified. Most other sites that are not  
ISO 14001:2015 certified adhere to Responsible Care® 
requirements. For a comprehensive list of certifications,  
refer to Quality Systems on our website at www.lyb.com. 
Responsible Care® 
We are committed to the global chemical industry’s voluntary 
initiative to drive continuous improvement including for 
environmental performance. Refer to Responsible Care on page 
58. 
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
As a member of UNGC we aim to incorporate the Ten Principles 
into our strategies, policies and procedures. This includes 
taking a precautionary approach to environmental challenges, 
and undertaking initiatives to promote greater environmental 
responsibility and encouraging the development and diffusion 
of environmentally friendly technologies (Principles 7, 8 and 9).
United Nations CEO Water Mandate
In 2023, we committed to the UN CEO Water Mandate which 
drives continual progress for our water stewardship practice 
across the areas of direct operations, supply chain and 
watershed management, collective action, community 
engagement, policy and strategy, and transparency.
40
40

Page 41:
Air and water quality
We install, monitor, and maintain pollution controls, as  
part of our obligations to manage our air emissions and 
wastewater discharges. 
We incorporate applicable product safety data to inform our 
management of materials in ways that limit air emissions and 
wastewater discharges. Our sites must comply with local 
regulatory requirements regarding emissions and 
discharges, and apply the level of monitoring and treatment 
necessary to reliably meet those requirements. Air treatment 
includes filtering, destruction, phase separation, and other 
techniques. Our wastewaters are treated by one or more 
biological, physical, or chemical treatment methods (tertiary, 
secondary, or primary) before being discharged.  
Alternatively, wastewater discharges are sent directly to  
a treatment works facility for treatment. Potential pollutants 
are identified and evaluated at the site level.
Our air emissions data is shown in the chart that follows, 
including total emissions and emissions per metric tons of 
product.
We measure and monitor withdrawn water quality as 
required by local regulations for potable and hygiene-related 
water supply. We confirm water supplies delivered from 
municipalities or other third-party suppliers are monitored 
for quality before distribution to our sites. We require sites to 
confirm annually that appropriate monitoring is being 
conducted in order to ensure these water supplies are 
acceptable for use.
At the enterprise level we track which sites monitor for the 
following discharge wastewater quality parameters: Flow, 
temperature, pH, total suspended solids, biological oxygen 
demand, chemical oxygen demand, nitrates, and 
phosphates. We also require that sites report whether they 
monitor for other common parameters such as metals.
We monitor specific water quality targets for cooling water 
and steam generation, and track and report at the enterprise 
level on these parameters using our Global Water Quality 
Dashboard (GWQD). While this tool was developed for 
reliability and efficiency purposes, it also enables us to track 
quality parameters for appropriate water use in these 
systems. In 2023 we achieved the related target for water 
use efficiency when the relevant sites maintained an overall 
rate of 90% in-specification for tested water quality.
We also set sanitation-based water quality standards for 
Legionella in our potable water systems and open 
evaporative cooling towers for relevant sites globally. 
Exceptions are reported in our incident reporting system, 
and require corrective actions.
41
41

Page 42:
Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
NOx are by-products of combustion generated while using 
fuels to produce heat, steam or electricity. Boilers and 
furnaces in our chemical and refining operations are  
the source of most of our NOx emissions.
Sulfur oxides (SOx)
In our operations, SOx emissions come from the use of fuel 
containing small amounts of sulfur, and from the process  
of removing sulfur from fuel products at our Houston,  
Texas, refinery.
Volatile organic compounds (VOCs)
VOCs are associated with the chemicals and fuels we handle 
and produce and are released into the atmosphere during 
chemical and fuel handling, storage, and production. VOCs 
can be released from point sources or through fugitive 
emissions from pump seals, valves and other equipment.  
We have extensive programs in place to identify and repair 
leaks, including using infrared camera technology.
Carbon monoxide (CO)
CO is produced when fuels are used to produce heat, steam 
or electricity. The majority of our CO emissions  
come from the use of natural gas at our chemical and 
refining operations.
Particulate matter (PM)
PM refers to small airborne particulates emitted during 
operations, primarily from cooling towers and the use  
of fuel.
Ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
We measure and report ODS as kg of CFC-11 equivalent and 
use emission factors as stipulated in the Montreal Protocol.  
Sources for LYB typically are maintenance refills and 
replacements of substances authorized for use in heating 
ventilating and air conditioning (HVAC) units.
In 2023, some adjustments to past reportable values have been made based on internal data validation processes progressed in this reporting period. 
Smaller variances in our 2023 emissions data are largely due to overall production, typically due to planned turnarounds at large sites during 2022 and 2023.
We achieved a 12% reduction in SOx emissions due to successful improvement 
projects at our Münchsmünster site in Germany, which began using low sulfur 
naphthalene in mid-2023.
Air emissions
Air emissions intensity for 2020 and 2021 was adjusted due to updated information from our suppliers. In 2023, some adjustments to past reportable values have been made based on 
internal data validation processes progressed in this reporting period. 
Smaller variances in our 2023 emissions data are largely due to overall production, typically due to planned turnarounds at large sites during 2022 and 2023.
Air emissions
(metric tons) 
Air emissions intensity  
(metric tons per million metric tons o f product)
2020 2021 2022 2023
2020 2021 2022 2023
NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM
NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM
7,370
190 180 170 174190 158
29 2825 25 21
182 184 171 175 168139
2526 26
7,045
5,406
9711,021
7,508 6,839 7,322
890
7,398 7,084
1,1001,017
7,397 6,871
1,1271,042
7,913
6,555
1,188
Air emissions
(metric tons) 
Air emissions intensity  
(metric tons per million metric tons o f product)
2020 2021 2022 2023
2020 2021 2022 2023
NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM
NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM NOx SOx VOCs CO PM
7,370
190 180 170 174190 158
29 2825 25 21
182 184 171 175 168139
2526 26
7,045
5,406
9711,021
7,508 6,839 7,322
890
7,398 7,084
1,1001,017
7,397 6,871
1,1271,042
7,913
6,555
1,188
42
42

Page 43:
Water use and availability
Water is an essential resource for our sites. We use water in 
operations (primarily cooling towers and steam production) 
and water for drinking and sanitary use at our sites and offices.  
We committed to completing water risk management plans  
at our large sites and facilities in high water risk areas no later 
than 2030. We will prioritize completing the site-specific 
plans for high water risk sites and preparing the plans in a 
sequenced way to allow learnings to be applied for 
subsequent plans. We also will evolve our water-related risk 
management processes in the next two years for use in the 
creation of the prioritized and sequenced site-specific plans. 
Additionally, we signed the UN CEO Water Mandate, which 
commits us to continuous improvement in water stewardship.
We collect data and track trends for water withdrawal, water 
discharge by destination and primary water uses. We also 
track recycled or reused water.
Water reuse is integral to operations in most of our 
manufacturing sites. We recycle our supply of water, when 
possible, to limit the amount we draw from regional supplies. 
Approximately half of the water we withdraw comes from 
surface water. Some of our sites use sea water for cooling.  
We use a small amount of potable water and source a small 
amount of recycled water from some industrial providers 
located close to our manufacturing sites. We track the 
number of cooling water cycles, representing the number  
of times water is reused in these systems, at our large sites.  
We refreshed our baseline water risk assessments in 2023, 
using the World Resources Institute AqueductTM Tool 
(AqueductTM), version 3.0. AqueductTM which rates 
geographic locations worldwide on a scale from low to 
extremely high overall water risk based on watershed data 
related to water quantity stress, quality and regional factors. 
The map that follows shows our sites located in areas listed 
as high or extremely high water risk from AqueductTM. Our 
sites located in extremely high or high water risk areas of the 
world comprised less than 0.06% of our estimated total 
water consumption.
We track site-level instances of reductions in water use at 
the enterprise level, including at our sites in extremely high 
water risk regions, as a component of water stewardship.  
For example, at our Vadodara India site, a resource 
conservation team meets regularly to identify resource 
savings opportunities. In 2023, the team implemented a 
project to combine the facility's water into a single system, 
which is expected to reduce water consumption and 
associated chemical treatment quantities. In 2023, we 
achieved our water use efficiency target at the relevant sites 
where we track cooling tower system cycles. This target is 
set for reliability and cost efficiency; however, it does impact 
the efficient use of water.
Our overall water withdrawals, use, and discharge remained 
similar to past years. The variation between years can be 
attributed to normal fluctuations in global production. The 
start-up of our Channelview site's PO/TBA unit increased 
demand for water at that site, as expected, offset partially by 
other site water withdrawal reductions.
Outside our operations, water is important for producing our 
purchased products. Much of the water use is from extraction 
or processing of raw materials and further processing of 
materials into final products. We included as part of a new 
questionnaire to key feedstock suppliers questions to assess 
their water and biodiversity management ambitions and 
commitments. We will use their answers along with their 
EcoVadis water and biodiversity-related responses to assess 
their progress and further engage to encourage and influence 
continuous improvement.
At times, we undertake large asset replacements which 
involve water-related spending. For example, we refurbished 
two large cooling towers at our Channelview Complex, which 
increased water use efficiency. We also engage our suppliers 
to promote and help execute water reliability improvements, 
as part of our service agreements. Due to this direct 
Tarragona, Spain 
LYB is a member of an industry consortium to process wastewater to meet strict wastewater emission 
standards. The project was conceived in 2017 and started up in 2022. The project has allowed the consortium 
sites to achieve the required higher water quality of the combined discharge with better efficiencies and 
reliability. The consortium is now considering modifications that would recycle the treated water for use by the 
industry members in their operations. 
37.8
0.1
22.3
50.6
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
0
30
60
90
120
150
0
30
60
90
120
150
0
30
60
90
120
150
3W ater (million m) 202 0 202 1 202 2 2023
W ithdraw als
Fresh surface water 129.4
Groundw ater
23.3 29.4 40.4 27.0
Third-party water
Seaw ater / brackish water
O ther water
Discharge
C onsumption
Total
O f which are evaporated losses
95.2
75.1
105.7
80.5
111.4
86.1
115.5
91.2
0
30
60
90
120
150 144.9
24.3
58.8
41.5
1.2
138.5
23.2
65.3
44.4
1.1
148.2
22.8
63.8
43.1
1.1
Fresh surface water
Groundw ater
Third-party water
Seaw ater / brackish water
O ther water
Total: 249.5 Total: 270.7 Total: 272.5 Total: 279.0
Total: 154.2 Total: 165.0 Total: 161.2 Total: 163.6
40.0
0.0
18.8
44.4
51.0
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
38.7
0.1
19.5
52.5
54.2
38.0
0.1
19.9
54.3 48.9
52.8
In 2021, adjustments to reportable water withdrawal quantities were made to align with GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018. In 2023, some adjustments to past reportable values have been 
made based on internal data validation processes progressed in this reporting period.
In 2021, adjustments to reportable water discharge quantities were made to align with GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018. In 2023, some adjustments to past reportable values have been 
made based on internal data validation processes progressed in this reporting period.
In 2021, adjustments to reportable water consumption quantities were made to align with GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018.
engagement, one of our suppliers recently installed a control 
system resulting in greater water efficiency.
We participated in the CDP Water Security questionnaire for 
the second time in 2023 and received a score of B-. The full 
report can be found on our website at www.lyb.com. As part 
of this effort, we completed a third party limited assurance 
audit of the following global water data: Our total amount 
withdrawn, discharged, and consumed.
In the future, water use can be expected to become more 
important for regions in which LYB operates that are high 
water risk or considered vulnerable to water use restrictions. 
We aim to assess these risks further within the next two years.
43
43

Page 44:
Biodiversity and ecosystem services
We have progressed in the development of our biodiversity ambition, commitments, and strategy. In 2022, we 
completed an assessment of our major manufacturing operations, large offices and significant upstream and 
downstream value chain activities from a biodiversity perspective. As a result of this assessment, we identified the 
direct operations sites shown in the map that follows, our fossil fuel based feedstocks, and our propylene products as 
our areas of focus. Our priority operational sites were selected based on proximity to protected areas or key 
biodiversity areas.
In 2023, we selected two of our priority sites to complete a baseline biodiversity assessment. The baseline assessment 
is complete, and will be supplemented by a follow-up in 2024. We plan to expand the program, based on learnings, at 
other priority sites. 
For our value chain, we seek to understand key biodiversity risk locations and activities, including locations at or near 
key biodiversity areas, and any forest-related risk commodities, such as palm oil, soy, and tallow. We sent a 
questionnaire to key feedstock suppliers including questions to assess biodiversity management ambitions and 
commitments. 
In 2023, we completed our first CDP Forest questionnaire and believe we have limited use of forest risk commodities. 
We expect to reach out to suppliers to better understand their products that could contain forest risk commodities. 
Although we estimate consumption of these products relative to our overall procurement to be low, we are working to 
complete a comprehensive data assessment.
44
44

Page 45:
Extremely high water risk High overall water risk Biodiversity priority sites
Chennai
Gempol
Sinnar
Vadodara
Berre
Givet Münchsmünster
Wesseling
Botlek
Maasvlakte
Lake Charles
Polymers
Lake Charles JV
Rio Claro
Guangzhou
Suzhou Changshu
Dalian
Extremely high water risk High overall water risk Biodiversity priority sites
Chennai
Gempol
Sinnar
Vadodara
Berre
Givet Münchsmünster
Wesseling
Botlek
Maasvlakte
Lake Charles
Polymers
Lake Charles JV
Rio Claro
Guangzhou
Suzhou Changshu
Dalian
Water risk and key biodiversity areas
The map shows extremely high and high water risk  
sites identified in a baseline water risk assessment of  
our manufacturing sites conducted in 2023, using the 
World Resources Institute AqueductTM Tool version 3.0. 
The tool rates geographic locations on a scale from low 
to extremely high overall water risk based on watershed 
data related to water quantity stress, quality and regional 
factors. Also shown, priority sites based on the outcome 
of an initial  biodiversity assessment completed in 2022, 
identifying sites near protected areas or key biodiversity 
areas.
45
45

Page 46:
Material reuse and waste 
We pursue opportunities to avoid generating waste, and to reuse material in our operations. Most of the waste we produce is 
dilute liquid aqueous waste from chemical plant operations. Our operations also produce non-hazardous solid waste including 
general plant trash and construction and demolition debris. Waste is managed in accordance with applicable regulations. Our 
Health, Safety, Environment and Security (HSE&S) policy includes our commitment to promote a comprehensive approach to 
chemical management and sustainability in all aspects of our products’ life cycles, including design, manufacturing, 
distribution, use, recycle and disposal activities, and to reduce waste generation from our operations.
Our responsibilities for waste management include assuring proper containerizing, labeling, tracking, and documentation.  
We work with transportation companies that meet strict contracting requirements for safe, effective, and documented 
delivery of waste to the approved destination. We have a process in place to evaluate and approve waste management 
facilities. Our Operational Excellence program specifies that sites are required to send hazardous waste to these  
pre-approved facilities.
At the enterprise level we track the waste and recycling data provided in the tables that follow. Our overall waste generation 
continues to decrease, with a 12% overall reduction since 2022, primarily due to the Circular Steam Project at our Maasvlakte 
site in the Netherlands and the shutdown of operations in Tuscola, Illinois. With the Circular Steam Project, the site and joint 
venture partner Covestro incorporated an innovative technology into the existing production plant to convert its water-based 
waste into energy. The new installation takes the site's existing production process to a higher level of efficiency and 
sustainability. In 2023, the site was able to reduce caustic waste by 120,000 metric tons, and other waste fuels by 48,000 
metric tons. The successful operation of this technology has reduced our overall hazardous waste generation by 10%.
Material diverted from disposal increased by 47% from 2022. This increase means less waste being directed to disposal. In 
several instances, our sites pursued additional recycling, reuse, or recovery options for material that would otherwise be 
disposed as non-hazardous waste.
Proceeds from our Green Bond were allocated to the Circular Steam Project
Kerpen, Germany
At our Kerpen facility, we launched a project with the aim of eliminating a 
waste stream of approximately 500 tons per year by repurposing the material  
to commercial products. The waste was generated during production line 
cleaning and was difficult to recycle or reuse due to the variety of products 
including some with glass fiber content, produced at the facility. The project 
involved additional steps to segregate, store, and package the material into 
viable product groupings. In 2023, the project successfully concluded with 
the separated streams now approved for use as raw material in re-granulated 
commercial products.
W aste (thousand metric tons)
202 0 total: 2,023 202 2 total: 1,344 2023 total: 1,182
Gener ated
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
In 2023, some adjustments to past r eported v alue s ha v e been made based on internal dat a v alidation pr oce sse s pr ogr e ssed in this r epor ting period.
Onsite O/uniFB00site
853
375
601
194 764
323
137
120
846
135
48
154
882
389
460
150
202 1 total: 1,881
46
46

Page 47:
In 2022, to align with GRI 306 Waste 2000, certain waste streams originally reported as “land disposal” are now reported in the “other” category and have been restated for prior years. 
Some adjustments to past reported values have been made based on internal data validation processes progressed in this reporting period.
Inciner a tion ( with ener gy r eco v er y )
Inciner a tion ( without ener gy r eco v er y )
Landfilling
O ther
2 02 0 total: 1,896.1 2 02 1 total: 1,820.8 2 02 2 total: 1,288.9 2 023 total: 1,101.3
2 02 0 total: 213.1 2 02 1 total: 212.4 2 02 2 total: 157.2 2 023 total: 28.7
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
851.9
364.0
600.6
79.6
763.9
310.6
136.8
77.6
845.5
122.9
47.3
85.6
881.9
383.6
459.3
96.0
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
0
206.7
0
6.4
11.9
136.6
0
8.7 11.6
9.7
0
7.4
0
200.5
0
11.8
2 02 0 total: 3.9 2 02 1 total: 3.3 2 02 2 total: 7.3 2 023 total: 11.1
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
0
3.8
0
0.1
0
6.8
0
0.5
0 0
1.0
0
3.1
0
0.2
W aste (thousand metric tons )
Dir ected to dispo sal
Onsite O/uniFB00site
10.1
2 02 0 total: 90.4 2 02 1 total: 92.6 2 02 2 total: 91.1 2 023 total: 87.9
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
0
1.2
38.7
50.5
0
3.4
38.6
49.1
0 29.4
56.5
0
4.1
38.6
49.9
2.0
2 02 0 total: 1,588.7 2 02 1 total: 1,512.6 2 02 2 total: 1,033.3 2 023 total: 973.6
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
851.9
152.3
561.9
22.6
752.0
163.8
98.2
19.3 833.9
17.9
20.7881.9
175.9
420.7
34.1
101.1
Preparation for reuse
Recycling
O ther recovery operations
202 2 total: 54.7 2023 total: 80.5
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
0.2
12.0
0.1
42.4
0.1 0.3
68.3
11.8
202 2 total: 53.7 2023 total: 51.6
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
0.1
11.8
0.1
41.7
0.1 0.2
40.6
10.7
202 2 total: 0.7 2023 total: 25.1
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
0.1
0.1
<0.1
0.5
<0.1 0
24.8
0.3
202 2 total: 0.3 2023 total: 3.8
Hazardous Non-hazardous Hazardous Non-hazardous
<0.1
0.1
<0.1
0.2
<0.1 0.1
2.9
0.8
W aste (thousand metric tons)
Diverted from disposal
Onsite O/uniFB00site
47
47

Page 48:
Environmental compliance and performance
We classify environmental incidents on a scale from 0 to 5, with Level 5 having the highest impact. We report Level 2+ 
environmental incidents, indicating a failure to meet a policy, standard, or applicable law due to an unplanned release  
or discharge into the environment. Any releases that cannot be immediately mitigated are managed with support from  
HSE professionals who direct the mitigation efforts, monitor conditions, and interact with appropriate local authorities.  
We also develop action plans and share learnings throughout the organization to prevent future incidents.
Although we work hard to ensure compliance, sometimes incidents can occur. Most of our Level 2+ environmental incidents 
in 2023 were in the Houston region, with over 30 occurring during new unit startup at our PO/TBA site. Our emphasis on 
reliability and process safety improvements will positively impact our environmental compliance performance as will our 
commitment to environmental performance improvement. Environmental-related penalties are provided in the table below:
2020 2021 2022 2023
L2+ incidents 
Number of L2+ incidents 76 73 93 134
Fines and penalties paid ($) 280,615 404,594 3,990,868 3,808,132
Environmental Incident is defined as an incident resulting in a release or discharge, from a permitted or authorized emission or discharge point, in excess of a permitted or otherwise 
authorized level that is typically required to be reported to a regulatory or governing body. Data presented reflects the most current data available. Data entered for prior years may be 
updated in subsequent reports if additional information becomes available. Most of our environmental incidents in 2023 were associated with regulatory jurisdictions in the Houston region, 
with over 30 occurring during new unit startup at our PO/TBA site.
48
48

Page 49:
Supporting a thriving society
49
49

Page 50:
We actively contribute to a thriving 
society through community 
engagement and our relentless 
pursuit of safety, operational 
excellence, and a diverse, inclusive 
and equitable workforce. We partner 
with the communities where we 
operate to make positive impacts, 
and are committed to giving back by 
partnering with local organizations  
on initiatives to address critical needs.
Our goals
• Operate safely every day and with zero incidents,  
zero injuries and zero accidents
• Achieve gender parity in senior leadership globally  
by 2032
• Achieve general population ratio of people from 
underrepresented groups in U.S. senior leadership  
by 2032
• Assess a minimum of 70% of our key suppliers globally 
using sustainability criteria by 2025
Our approach
• Keep our employees, contractors, customers and 
neighbors safe 
• Advance our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) strategy 
consistent with equal opportunity for all and seek to 
embed DEI in our process, systems and culture
• Invest in programs and support policies that strengthen 
our communities, our planet and tomorrow’s workforce
• Collaborate for meaningful impact and accelerate our 
progress and learning from others
Supporting 
a thriving 
society
50
50

Page 51:
Operate safely every 
day and with zero 
incidents, zero injuries 
and zero accidents
The health and safety of our people 
and the communities where we 
operate are our top priorities. We 
champion people and our health, 
safety and environmental standards 
apply to everyone involved in our 
business, including employees, 
contractors and suppliers performing 
work at our sites. 
LYB facilities are among the safest in our industry, with 
consistent top decile safety performance compared with 
other large and medium-sized companies belonging to the 
American Chemistry Council.
We closely monitor safety risks, thoroughly investigate HSE 
incidents and near misses, and take corrective action to 
prevent recurrence. We prioritize recognizing and mitigating 
potential hazards in the workplace to prevent incidents and 
injuries before they happen. We conduct risk assessments 
for potentially hazardous work. These assessments range 
from safety checklists to formal job hazard analyses, as 
appropriate.
GoalZERO
GoalZERO is our commitment to operating safely with zero 
injuries and zero process safety, product safety and 
environmental incidents. Our GoalZERO environmental 
approach has both mandatory and voluntary components. 
We cultivate a GoalZERO mindset with clear standards, 
regular communication, training, targeted campaigns and 
events, including our annual Global Safety Day where all 
employees devote one day to enhance their learning about 
HSE at work and at home.
HSE indicators are monitored continuously using a 
performance dashboard. Every manufacturing site sets goals 
to improve process safety and occupational safety and 
reduce environmental incidents.
Our commitment to GoalZERO is championed at every level 
of the company and is overseen by the Health, Safety, 
Environmental and Sustainability Committee of our Board. 
Excellent safety culture starts at the top with senior leaders, 
including the CEO. Managers at each manufacturing site 
meet regularly to review safety performance and discuss 
issues relevant to their plant. HSE awareness teams evaluate 
incidents and find ways to prevent them in the future. Group 
meetings at offices and sites typically start with a safety 
message.
We are extremely proud of our safety performance in 2023. 
Our Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) was 0.139. A total 
of 60 manufacturing sites achieved GoalZERO, and 67 
manufacturing sites were injury-free. Additionally, 21 
manufacturing sites achieved more than one million safe 
work hours.
A total of 97 locations reached at least one year without a 
recordable injury. Noteworthy examples in the U.S. include 
our Texas sites in Channelview (over six million hours) and  
La Porte (five million hours), along with our Houston Refinery 
(four million hours). In the Netherlands, the Botlek and 
Maasvlakte sites each reached four million hours without an 
incident. Our Louisiana Integrated PolyEthylene Joint 
Venture has gone five million hours without a recordable 
injury, and our Global Projects team which develops and 
executes major capital projects at our manufacturing sites 
achieved six million safe work hours.
Our goal
51
5151

Page 52:
Occupational health services
Medical surveillance, an analysis of workforce health 
information, is designed to detect potential workplace 
hazards before health effects can occur. We provide targeted 
comprehensive medical monitoring services to assess 
employees potentially exposed to occupational hazards. 
Employees have access to medical surveillance monitoring 
and other occupational health services at on-site clinics 
during paid worktime at 16 of our large sites, such as in 
Wesseling, Germany; Berre, France; Ferrara, Italy; and 
Channelview, Texas. In 2023, in order to provide improved 
and more comprehensive non-occupational medical 
services, most of the contracted medical personnel in the 
United States were hired as LYB employees. Information on 
occupational health services is provided globally through 
the new hire onboarding process and offered in various 
languages dependent on the site location.
Worker participation, consultation 
and communication on occupational 
health and safety
Many of our offices and sites have health and safety 
committees that help drive our GoalZERO culture. They 
provide a representative forum to communicate, encourage 
and increase employee involvement in identifying and 
resolving health, safety and environmental concerns. 
Committees typically meet on a monthly or bimonthly basis 
and rotate members for continuous improvement and 
continuity. Members participate in identification of hazards, 
assessment of risks, investigation of incidents, 
implementation of corrective measures and audits.
Worker training on occupational 
health and safety
LYB provides health and safety training to workers. Training 
differs between locations according to the role and tasks of 
each worker. Best practices and targeted discussions of 
opportunities to demonstrate safe behaviors are typically 
shared before each meeting to reinforce the value of safety. 
All employees have access to SOURCES, a centralized health 
and safety resource on our intranet site. SOURCES offers 
training presentations, best practices, reference materials 
and a variety of other tools to educate employees about 
health and safety at work.
Promotion of worker health
Employees receive a wide variety of health benefits based 
on geographic location, applicable local and national law, 
and labor or works council agreements. Full-time employees 
at our major offices and manufacturing sites receive 
competitive benefits which may include, depending on 
location, basic health and welfare benefits such as medical 
coverage, life and accident insurance, business travel 
accident insurance, and disability protection. To further 
promote total worker well-being, many of our large U.S. sites 
provide additional non-occupational care to address worker 
mental health and chronic disease management. Counseling 
for personal and work-related concerns is available in many 
regions.
Foundation of GoalZERO 
People
We put people at the heart of everything we do. Ensuring that 
people make it back home to the people that matter to them is a 
priority
Excellence
GoalZERO success requires commitment and engagement from 
each of us
We work safely and do our best because it is the right thing to do
Future
We are future-focused by making responsible, safe decisions
Worker safety 2020 2021 2022 2023
Employees
Fatalities as a result of work-related 
injuries
number 0 0 0 0
rate 0 0 0 0
High-consequence work-related 
injuries
number 0 2 1 1
rate 0 0.010 0.005 0.005
Recordable work-related injuries number 33 34 32 27
rate 0.179 0.174 0.163 0.139
Number of hours worked 36,920,000 39,276,500 39,128,500 38,956,092
Contractors
Fatalities as a result of work-related 
injuries
number 0 2 0 0
rate 0 0.01 0 0
High-consequence work-related 
injuries
number 0 3 2 0
rate 0 0.016 0.011 0
Recordable work-related injuries number 31 46 14 21
rate 0.216 0.252 0.077 0.140
Number of hours worked 28,710,000 36,601,000 36,362,000 30,010,833
Combined workforce
Total recordable injury rate 0.195 0.211 0.122 0.139
American Chemistry Council 
industry average
0.65 0.69 0.74 --
Rates are calculated on the basis of 200,000 hours worked. High consequence injuries are LyondellBasell’s Level 3 injuries (hospitalization required) and do not include fatalities. 
Recordable Injury counts and Recordable Injury rate include all injuries and fatalities. American Chemistry Council data can be found at www.americanchemistry.com.
EXCELLENCE
   FUTURE
   PEOPLE     EXCELLENCE
52
52

Page 53:
Process safety
Our process safety program establishes how we design, operate and maintain our manufacturing processes to prevent  
or mitigate the unplanned or uncontrolled release of process material.
This program aims to prevent serious incidents and protect our workforce, local communities, and the environment.  
We have clear standards for identifying and managing process safety risks within our Operational Excellence system.  
Regular turnarounds — during which we shut down plants and carry out essential maintenance, upgrades and safety  
checks — are a key part of our safety program.
In 2023, we continued to enhance our incident investigation processes to better identify and correct systemic drivers for 
incidents where human error was involved. We prioritized investing in our people and talent along with continuing to train 
our operations and maintenance employees on fundamental process safety principles. The training reinforced expectations 
for frequent tasks such as returning equipment to service, opening process equipment, energy isolation and loading and 
unloading materials from containers. We completed Human Reliability Task Analyses on certain tasks where human error 
could result in significant consequences. The analyses identified steps where employee error mitigation techniques could 
be used to minimize the potential for human error.  
Process safety 2020 2021 2022 2023
Process safety incidents count (PSIC) 10 10 10 12
Process safety total incident rate (PSTIR) 0.030 0.026 0.026 0.035
Process safety incident severity rate (PSISR) 0.082 0.211 0.055 0.046
We prepare and drill routinely to be ready to take 
immediate action in the unfortunate event of an incident, 
continuously evaluating risks and maintaining detailed 
emergency response plans. LYB manufacturing sites 
maintain their own emergency response teams, 
including groups trained to respond swiftly to medical 
incidents, fires, or releases of hazardous materials.  
Team members are trained on the proper procedures  
to follow in the event of an emergency. These 
procedures are tested at regular drills. We also 
coordinate preparation and planning with local 
government agencies and emergency responders,  
and we are affiliated with mutual support organizations 
whereby we assist other industrial facilities.  
LYB maintains severe weather preparedness and 
response plans for all of our locations. We utilize the 
platform StormGeo to ensure we have insight into any 
weather event that may impact our people. For example, 
our teams at manufacturing sites located in the U.S. Gulf 
Coast are well-trained for hurricane season and routinely 
drill for what to expect and how to prepare. Our detailed 
storm preparedness procedures include:
• Testing power generators, communication systems and 
other equipment which would be used during the storm
• Moving and/or anchoring potential projectile objects
• Placing sandbags to help protect low-lying and critical 
areas, such as control rooms and substations
• Removing debris from ditches and tank berms
• Maintaining contact with local emergency response 
and mutual aid agencies
In the event a facility shutdown is required, we conduct  
a thorough assessment and inspection, including a 
systematic review of all structures, equipment and 
operating systems. We also communicate this information 
to our local officials and community neighbors.
Emergency preparation and response 
The table represents the number of Tier 1 process safety incidents per 200,000 hours worked. Tier 1 process safety events are classified as Level 3+ events by LYB. Level 3+ events include 
loss of primary containment (LOPC) resulting in either (1) an employee or contractor “days away from work” injury and/or fatality; (2) a hospital admission and/or fatality of a third party; (3) 
an officially declared community evacuation or community shelter-in-place, including precautionary community evacuation or community shelter-in-place; (4) a fire or explosion damage 
with a direct cost greater than or equal to $100,000; (5) an engineered pressure relief device discharge to atmosphere whether directly or via a downstream destructive device greater 
than or equal to a Level 3 threshold, within any 60 minute time period, with negative effects; (6) an upset emission from a permitted or regulated source greater than or equal to a Level 3 
threshold, within any 60 minute time period, with negative effects; or (7) an unignited release of material greater than or equal to a Level 3 threshold, within any 60 minute time period. 
Definition and weighting of Tier 1 PSI per ANSI/API RP 754 3rd Edition were applied beginning in 2021. The 3rd edition update includes the reclassification of materials, clarification of 
definitions, expansion of data collection capabilities and other key changes. Rates for 2020 were calculated using the 2nd edition of ANSI/API RP 754.
53
53

Page 54:
One of our values at LYB is championing people. 
Ensuring that our people remain safe and return home 
the way they came to work is our top priority. Our 
Channelview site in Texas reached 6.2 million safe 
working hours in 2023. Channelview prioritized 
increase in procedure audits and behavior-based 
observations at the site. Focusing on Human and 
Organizational Performance principles enabled the 
site to identify improvements and adjustments to 
prevent incidents in the future. A milestone like this 
does not happen without meticulous preparation and 
a dedication from all employees and contractors.
Chris Tagoe, Senior Vice President, Health, Safety & 
Environment was invited by the American Institute of 
Chemical Engineers, to present the keynote address at 
the American Institution of Chemical Engineers 19th 
Global Congress on Process Safety Conference in 
Houston, Texas. The event was attended by more than 
2,200 chemical and process safety engineers from over 
600 petrochemical companies from around the world. 
Tagoe discussed the importance of having basic and 
complex safety process management tools, the 
criticality of knowledge and experience transfer given 
the generational shift occurring in our industry, and the 
importance of capitalizing on diversity and inclusion to 
engage the best new talent.
LYB supports the safety and well-being of our 
colleagues and communities by maintaining leading 
safety performance. That is why we are committed  
to collaborating with our contractors including at  
our annual Contractor CEO Safety Conference  
hosted in Houston, Texas. The theme for 2023 was 
"Communication is Key." This event shared best 
practices in the industry and took a deep dive into the 
variations of communication practices amongst the 
different generations in our workforce. A highlight of 
this event was the Bright Star awards presentation, 
where contractor companies with zero recordable 
injuries in 2022 were recognized and celebrated.
It is important to take the necessary steps to be 
prepared in case of an emergency. At LYB, we ensure 
that employees and contractors have access to CPR, 
Heimlich and AED training. In 2023, we recognized a 
group of LYB employees for their bravery and 
commitment to people. Four employees at our Morris 
site helped save the life of a colleague who suffered a 
personal medical emergency. The Emergency 
Response Team (ERT) quickly responded and provided 
medical aid to their colleague. LYB employees are 
making a life-saving difference while at work. The ERT 
team credited their comprehensive training for being 
able to make a lifesaving difference.
Channelview reaches 
6.2 million safe 
working hours
Contractor CEO  
Safety Conference 
focuses on effective 
communications
LYB executive featured  
at global process 
safety conference
Emergency 
Response Team  
takes action
54
54

Page 55:
Product safety and stewardship 
We are committed to promoting a comprehensive approach to chemicals 
management and sustainability in all aspects of our products’ life cycles, 
including design, manufacturing, distribution, use, recycling and disposal 
activities. 
This commitment is implemented globally as a key pillar  
of our HSE&S policy through our well-established Product 
Stewardship Standard. This standard requires risk 
identification, assessment and mitigation across the product 
life cycle, including raw material sourcing, product 
development, manufacture, distribution, use, recycling and 
disposal of all products we produce.  
Our product stewardship risk management process begins 
with a cross-functional team evaluating and classifying each 
product or product group according to the level of risk to 
human health and the environment. For each risk category, 
specific product risks across life cycle and associated 
mitigation measures are identified and reviewed on an 
annual basis. Mitigating actions and any safety gaps are 
shared on a global level to facilitate learning and exchange 
best practices. This program is rigorously applied worldwide 
for all LYB products.
As part of the risk management process, we also regularly 
monitor product end-use applications to anticipate any 
potential health and safety risks. We review the human  
health and environmental risks associated with existing and 
emerging applications in our polymer and chemicals business 
and seek opportunities for continuous improvement. 
To ensure continuous improvement, several internal training 
and engagement sessions are conducted on a regular basis 
(six to seven times per year) involving cross-functional 
teams. These trainings cover a broad range of topics such  
as emerging issues, product stewardship processes and 
internal policies. This is to ensure knowledge- and 
experience-sharing globally which contributes to the 
successful implementation of the product stewardship 
standard.
We issue declarations for customers on regulatory clearances 
for our products and their end uses. Products may be sold 
into restricted applications only to approved customers upon 
fulfilling certain conditions as set forth in our prohibited and 
restricted applications policy. Relevant information is readily 
available on our website at www.lyb.com. 
We also participate in the worldwide Global Product  
Strategy program, a voluntary initiative championed by the 
International Council of Chemical Associations which aims 
to improve the safety of chemical products during their use 
and handling. As part of our commitment to the Responsible 
Care® program, we worked closely with other American 
Chemistry Council members to develop a new Responsible 
Care Product Safety Code. This new code is incorporated 
into our Operational Excellence Product Stewardship 
Standard, applied globally.
Safe use communication 
We provide information about our products and their  
risks to our customers, suppliers, distributors and other 
stakeholders. Our Product Stewardship page offers a 
one-stop shop for safety data sheets, safety summaries, 
product stewardship bulletins and safe handling guides. 
These documents are actively maintained to align with 
industry best practices and often go beyond regulatory 
compliance. 
LYB provides Safety Data Sheets for all products, irrespective 
of whether it is legally required, in multiple languages, which 
include information on product hazards and precautions to 
ensure safe use. 
LYB products manufactured or sold in areas 
without chemical legislation controls are risk 
assessed according to EU REACH principles. 
For sales outside of the EU, we voluntarily follow the European Regulation on Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and 
Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) Annex XVII restriction conditions through our Product Stewardship program even if 
there are no similar restrictions under applicable local law. In 2023, less than 2% of our revenue was generated from 
products containing substances in the scope of REACH Annex XVII restriction conditions. Similarly in 2023, less than 
0.1% of our total number of products and representing less than 3% of revenue, contained substances in the candidate 
list of SVHC for authorization above 0.1wt%. Further, we note that these products were placed on the market almost 
exclusively (>99.9 by revenue) for monomer or intermediate uses. In such industrial use settings, involving suitably 
qualified and trained individuals, exposure risk and use is rigorously controlled, for example via technical means and 
appropriate personal protective equipment as part of the operator's health and safety compliance obligations.
Safety Data Sheets are available, regardless of the  
product safety profile, for all LYB products, in line with  
the requirements of specific countries or where no such 
requirements exist, according to the applicable GHS 
revisions. Generally, the Safety Data Sheets are available on 
our website in the local languages of production and ship-to 
countries for customers, logistics service providers and all 
other stakeholders. In 2023, we published approximately 
130,000 Safety Data Sheets. 
Most customer product stewardship requests are answered 
with a standardized Product Stewardship Bulletin which 
summarizes the global regulatory status of a product. The 
bulletin covers the most asked questions pertaining to the 
customer end use regulations such as food contact 
compliance, heavy metals in packaging, allergens, and some 
common substances of concern. Responses provide each 
customer with consistent information in a timely fashion, as 
the bulletin can be accessed instantly from the website at 
any time. In 2023, more than 40,000 Product Stewardship 
Bulletins were downloaded from our website. We also 
regularly respond to inquiries from our customers, 
distributors and stakeholders. In 2023 we responded with 
dedicated responses to 30,000 product related customer 
inquiries.
Incidents of non-compliance 
concerning the health and safety 
impacts of products and services
In 2023, we had no product recalls and no incidents of 
non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes 
concerning the health and safety impacts of our products 
that resulted in a fine, penalty or warning.
55
55

Page 56:
Finding safer alternatives and minimizing risk 
LYB alternatives for Polyfluoroalkyl 
Substances (PFAS)
While the majority of our product formulas do not contain PFAS, in the limited occasions where they do, we are 
voluntarily phasing them out and proactively identifying viable alternatives. We will continue to develop alternatives 
with the goal that in advance of 2025, all products intended for consumer uses do not contain any intentionally-added 
PFAS. 
However, it is important to recognize the term PFAS represents a very broad group of substances, which depending on 
the definition used, can capture  thousands of different chemicals, all with very different properties and risk profiles. As 
such, any responsible substitution or phase out of a particular PFAS for a specific use can require detailed case-by-case 
review of viable alternatives. One such example is the fluoropolymer polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE), which is essential 
to attain a fire performance classification under a widely used industry standard (UL94) relating to the flammability of 
plastic materials. PTFE has a critical role in the plastic products used for the manufacture of safety-related component 
parts used in vehicles and in electrical applications due to its flame retardant properties. To date, no alternative to the 
use of PTFE has been found that would result in the same fire performance properties being possible and, therefore, to 
achieve the necessary classification as V0 under the UL94 standard.
Across the industry, there will be significant time and investment needed to identify, test and approve alternatives like 
in the case of PTFE. We highlighted this point in our contribution to the European Chemicals Agency's public 
consultation in the context of the proposed EU REACH universal restriction of PFAS.
Following the risk management process described above, 
based on product risk assessments carried out, or equally as 
part of an innovation process, we may replace raw materials 
used in production processes with safer alternatives or 
discontinue their usage altogether. 
In addition to alternative formulas, we may also consider 
placing conditions on the sale of products into certain 
end-use applications. One example is for the use of  
post-consumer recycled materials in highly regulated 
applications, where, in addition to regulatory requirements 
we review quality of feedstock and quality assurance 
systems along the value chain and other existing recycling 
technologies that impact quality.  
In 2023, we continued the implementation of sustainability 
and safety criteria as part of our product innovation process. 
Introduced in 2022, these criteria aim to bring chemicals, 
materials, products and technologies to the market that are 
safer, are accelerating the transition to a circular and low 
carbon economy and prevent harm to human health and the 
environment. We also continued the use of non-animal tests 
for toxicity screening  at the early stage of new substance 
development. 
Product safety review is integral to all our innovation 
processes. This review includes an assessment of potential 
raw materials, impurities and possible by-products to ensure 
compliance of our products with global chemical control 
regulations, such as the Toxic Substances Control Act 
(TSCA) in the U.S., EU REACH, and the Globally Harmonized 
System of Classification and Labeling of Chemicals (GHS). 
The presence of hazardous components is assessed at both 
the design and innovation stages of our products with the 
objective of eliminating or substituting for safer alternatives. 
Hazardous monomers and chemical intermediates are only 
used in industrial settings and are rigorously contained by 
technical means to ensure that exposure to humans and 
environment is reduced to acceptable levels.1 
1.  Carcinogenic; mutagenic; toxic to reproduction; persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic; 
very persistent and very bioaccumulative; and endocrine disruptors.
56
56

Page 57:
Raw material sourcing
Raw materials used in our production processes are evaluated and approved using a globally aligned protocol. As a single raw 
material and its equivalents could be used in many different products, which in turn may have different end uses in different 
countries, our assessment process is comprehensive covering both applicable jurisdictions and end-use applications. Suppliers are 
required to provide applicable declarations of conformity evidencing compliance with the diverse set of legislation and standards 
relating to global chemical control (e.g., REACH, TSCA) and product specific end-uses e.g., those covering food contact materials or 
those used in automotive and electronics.
Raw materials based on post-consumer recycled waste follow a thorough screening process, which is used to either permit or 
restrict their use in certain end-use applications. Where information is not supporting the use of these PCRs, they are prohibited or 
restricted. The restriction is cleared only after a thorough risk assessment process which includes testing and validation for 
hazardous substances (such as SVHC above 0.1 wt%).
Product stewardship in the value chain
Manufacturing
Our operational excellence management system and process safety program are key to minimizing risk 
across our sites. Across our global portfolio, LYB products containing hazardous components are 
manufactured in accordance with our process safety program to prevent or mitigate risks to human health 
and the environment.
Distribution and customer use 
To help our suppliers, carriers, distributors and customers to maintain high safety and environmental standards, we provide technical assistance, 
training and logistics support as well as support related to health, safety and environmental issues. As an example, since 2012, we have actively 
worked with our customers to implement dry-disconnect couplings for handling of 1,3-butadiene, allyl alcohol, tertiary-butyl hydroperoxide, 
propylene oxide, and ethylene oxide. 
To help ensure LYB customers can safely receive, store and handle certain high risk products, storage and handling assessments are conducted at 
all customer sites for such products prior to the first delivery and on a recurring basis thereafter. The LYB customer assessment program helps 
ensure customers have a thorough understanding of product hazards and risks associated with storage and handling. It also helps to identify 
opportunities for improvement as well as best practices that can be shared with others. The current customer assessment program was formally 
established in 2012. Since the inception, LYB assessment teams have conducted over 400 customer site assessments in all regions. 
Implementation of 
voluntary codes
Being a producer of 1,4-butanediol (BDO) and gamma 
butyrolactone (GBL) (not placed on the market), which could 
be misused for production of illicit drugs, we are signatories 
of ICCA’s BDO and GBL Voluntary Product Stewardship Code 
and are committed to put this into practice. This includes 
rigorous implementation of eight voluntary product 
stewardship practices: (1) policies and procedures are 
documented and available; (2) customers are assessed for 
legitimacy; (3) all customers provide end-use declarations; 
(4) the manufacturing company requires distributors to 
implement equivalent policies and procedures; (5) 
authorities are notified of suspicious orders; (6) steps are 
taken to prevent tampering with containers; (7) requests for 
samples receive due diligence; (8) policies and procedures 
are monitored and reviewed. 
57
57

Page 58:
Operational Excellence is the management system we use to 
deliver safety, environmental responsibility and reliability in 
everything we do. It sets out clear requirements for how we 
work, includes explicit requirements for people, process and 
product safety, and applies to our employees and 
contractors. The Operational Excellence system contains 
nine key elements to help identify and manage risks and 
ensure our employees and contractors understand their 
roles and responsibilities.
We undertake internal audits to verify that sites comply with 
Operational Excellence systems and procedures. 
Additionally, we share lessons learned and best practices 
across the business. Onsite contractors, including logistics 
companies that handle and transport our products, are 
expected to comply with our Health, Safety, Environmental 
and Security (HSE&S) Policy and support GoalZERO. In 2023, 
we completed 24 audits in ten countries.
Operational excellence LYB operational excellence system framework
Leadership and personal accountability
We are committed to achieving excellence in every aspect of our performance. 
We set high expectations and hold each other accountable. We operate 
our business with the highest principles of integrity, ethics, and corporate 
responsibility.
Organizational competency
We acquire and maintain the highest possible levels of competency. We 
empower people to deliver superior performance. We create a culture where 
employees have the freedom to act with agility and urgency while balancing 
the need for appropriate process and governance. We embrace diversity and 
inclusion, and promote learning and development.
Compliance
We manage our businesses with the highest standard of corporate ethics and 
with strict corporate governance systems that support compliance with all 
laws, regulations and internal requirements.
Technology and knowledge management
We document our operating practices and continually keep them updated. 
Knowledge management allows for safe, reliable operations through the 
sharing of combined efforts of people, process and technology.
Risk management
We identify, prioritize, mitigate and manage risks to provide for the safety and 
health of employees, contractors, customers, and the public for the protection 
from the environment.
Operations We strive for flawless execution in our operations.
Product Stewardship
We operate a worldwide product stewardship program to make health, 
safety and environmental protection an integral part of the development, 
manufacture, distribution, use, recycle and disposal of our products.
Community and stakeholder relations We maintain strong relationships with our communities, employees, customers, 
suppliers, shareholders and other key stakeholders.
Assessment and improvement
We regularly review and take action regarding our systems, processes, 
metrics and stakeholder feedback to assure continuous improvement in our 
performance.
LYB is committed to Responsible Care®, the global chemical 
industry’s voluntary initiative to drive continuous 
improvement in safe chemicals management and achieve 
excellence in environmental, health, safety and security 
performance. As a signatory to the Responsible Care Global 
Charter, we are committed to creating a corporate 
leadership culture that proactively supports safe chemicals 
management; safeguarding people and the environment; 
strengthening our chemical management systems and 
influencing business partners to do the same in their own 
operations; engaging stakeholders to understand and 
respond to their concerns; and contributing to sustainability 
through improved performance, expanded economic 
opportunities and the development of innovative 
technologies and other solutions to societal challenges.
58
58

Page 59:
People and culture
Our culture reflects the role we seek to play in 
the world, what we uniquely deliver, and how 
we behave day to day.
59
59

Page 60:
Workforce management LYB competencies
Our success as a company is tied to 
the passion, knowledge and talent of 
our global team. To achieve our 
purpose of creating solutions for 
everyday sustainable living, we must 
attract top performers and equip 
them with the tools needed to 
continuously grow and leverage their 
potential.
Our culture reflects the role we seek to play in the world, 
what we uniquely deliver, and how we behave day to day. In 
2023, LYB introduced a new long-term strategy and began 
the transformation of our company culture. Along with our 
new strategy, we identified three core values: We Champion 
People, We Strive for Excellence, and We Shape the Future. 
As part of our work last year, we established a cultural 
steering team and initiated a cultural ambassador program 
to help drive our work in advancing the transformation.
To reflect our new strategy and values, we refreshed our 
"LYB competencies," which provide a framework for how we 
behave day to day to help us achieve our strategic goals. 
They inform the way we hire, reward, develop, and retain our 
employees. Our LYB competencies focus on five key areas: 
Building Partnerships, Delivering Results, Driving Innovation, 
Growing Capabilities, and Promoting Inclusion. We 
introduced the new competencies to the organization in 
2023 and will be further integrating them into our programs 
in 2024.
Build  
partnerships
Developing and 
leveraging 
relationships with 
colleagues, 
customers, suppliers, 
and stakeholders to 
achieve results
• Builds relationships
• Fosters trust
• Works collaboratively
Grow  
capabilities
Creating a work 
environment where 
all employees can 
develop and realize 
their full potential, 
allowing the 
organization to meet 
current and future 
business challenges
• Owns personal 
development
• Applies knowledge 
 to skill
• Takes risks in 
learning
• Guides development
Deliver  
 results
Executing plans and 
work to ensure that 
strategic priorities 
yield measurable 
results and safe 
outcomes for the 
organization, 
employees, and 
customers
• Sets standards
• Drives high quality
• Takes ownership 
and accountability
• Acts with integrity
Drive 
innovation
Generating novel 
solutions and 
impactful 
improvements that 
create sustainability 
and measurable value 
for existing and 
potential customers
• Challenges current 
thinking
• Generates ideas
• Experiments to 
learn
• Advances ideas 
into action
Promote 
inclusion
Taking action to 
ensure that the 
capabilities and 
insights of all 
individuals are valued 
and included in ways 
that lead to 
organizational 
success, equitable 
outcomes, and a 
sense of belonging
• Creates 
psychological 
safety
• Conveys respect
• Integrates 
differences
• Acts as an ally
60
60

Page 61:
2023 Men Women Undisclosed Total
All employees 16,148 4,143 8 20,299
Full-time 15,990 3,919 8 19,917
Part-time 158 224 0 382
Permanent 15,887 4,075 8 19,970
Temporary 261 68 0 329
U.S./Canada Europe Latin America  
(including Mexico) Asia Pacific Middle East  
& Africa
All employees 8,662 8,783 991 1,832 31
Full-time 8,643 8,422 990 1,831 31
Part-time 19 361 1 1 0
Permanent 8,639 8,494 976 1,830 31
Temporary 23 289 15 2 0
Unless otherwise stated, employee data in this report is based on full-time and part-time employees as of December 31, 2023. Part time is based on employment percentage 
(capacity utilization level). Anything less than 100% is reflected as part time. Our EEO-1 data is reported annually on our website at www.lyb.com. 
Our employeesOur approach
LYB provides all workers with fair wages and upholds all 
applicable fair wage laws, wherever we work. We pay wages 
that meet or exceed the legally required wage or local 
industry standard. 
We reward performance based on personal, team and 
company results. We engage in open and ongoing dialogue 
with employees and their representatives to ensure a proper 
balance between the best interests of the company and its 
employees. In several of our locations, we collaborate with 
employee representatives on initiatives such as health and 
safety.
Employees play an active role in their own development. 
They are encouraged and empowered to create plans for 
their development and to discuss those plans and goals  
with their managers on a regular basis. Having these 
conversations helps managers ensure that employees have 
opportunities to receive developmental experiences on the 
job, including learning from others. We also offer more 
formal and structured development opportunities for our 
employees via in-class and online learning. 
Training needs are determined as part of individual 
employee assignment and development, on an equal 
employment opportunity basis.
We use the services of contractors, primarily to assist with 
non-core business functions, and we require that all 
contractors adhere to our Operational Excellence standards 
and GoalZERO, a comprehensive program to protect the 
health and safety of our employees and contractors.
As of December 31, 2023, approximately 9% of our 
employees in the U.S. were subject to collective bargaining 
agreements. Most of our employees in Europe and Latin 
America/Mexico, and some of our employees in Asia Pacific 
are subject to collective bargaining agreements.
Global talent development
LYB is committed to creating continuous learning 
environments, providing ongoing development, growing 
capabilities, and unlocking potential for all employees to 
perform at their best. Our value, We Champion People, is 
underscored by our focus on growth and development in an 
inclusive environment. 
We develop our employees through a balance of experience 
on the job, learning from others, and formal learning.
In 2023, we expanded our LYBUniversity to include 
additional formal learning and development resources to 
empower our employees to grow their capabilities. To build 
skills and capabilities necessary for leaders to guide their 
teams through our culture transformation, we offered 
multiple learning opportunities. Through different learning 
workshops focusing on culture and change, we engaged 
with more than 2,000 leaders and provided resources to 
support the conversations and transformation with their 
teams. Our e-learning platform empowers employees to 
drive their own development through on-demand learning. 
More than 35% of our workforce is enrolled in the platform, 
and participants have completed more than 200,000 
training hours building and enhancing business, technology 
and personal development skills. We also have a leadership 
development framework that offers programs with 
structured learning paths tailored to equip leaders at 
different stages with the necessary skills to excel in their 
current role and prepare them for future challenges.
On-the-job development is key to building the knowledge 
and skills to deliver our strategy. Through internal job 
postings, we provide transparency and opportunity for our 
employees to drive their development and career growth. 
Additionally, we hold quarterly talent reviews across 
businesses and regions to not only identify our potential 
future leaders but also to identify development 
opportunities. As a result of this focused approach, about 
70% of our openings in senior leader roles were filled by 
internal talent, underscoring our commitment to growing 
talent from within the company.
Average training hours per person 30*
Exec 11
M level 16
E level 19
Administrative 27
Average hours of training per person includes all employees, not just the categories reported.
61
61

Page 62:
Unless otherwise stated, employee data in this report is based on full-time and part-time employees as of December 31, 2023. Part time is based on employment percentage (capacity utilization 
level). Anything less than 100% is reflected as part time. More data on our employees can be found in the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion section of this report and in the GRI Index. 
New employee hires 2023
Global (#) 2,862
Rate 14%
U.S./Canada 1,393
Rate 16%
Europe (#) 1,125
Rate 13%
Latin America (#) 166
Rate 17%
Asia Pacific (#) 175
Rate 10%
Middle East & Africa (#) 3
Rate 10%
Age group
<30 (#) 1,222
Rate 45%
30–50 (#) 1,349
Rate 12%
>50 (#) 291
Rate 4%
Gender
Men (#) 2,075
Rate 13%
Women (#) 782
Rate 19%
Undisclosed 5
Rate 63%
Turnover 2023
Global (#) 1,901
Rate 9%
U.S./Canada 1,000
Rate 12%
Europe (#) 630
Rate 7%
Latin America (#) 156
Rate 16%
Asia Pacific (#) 112
Rate 6%
Middle East & Africa (#) 3
Rate 10%
Age group
<30 (#) 593
Rate 22%
30–50 (#) 748
Rate 7%
>50 (#) 560
Rate 9%
Gender
Men (#) 1,506
Rate 9%
Women (#) 394
Rate 10%
Turnover – Voluntary 2023
Global (#) 1,495
Rate 7%
Age group
<30 (#) 521
Rate 19%
30–50 (#) 529
Rate 5%
>50 (#) 445
Rate 7%
Gender
Men (#) 1,161
Rate 7%
Women (#) 333
Rate 8%
 
New employee hires and turnoverLYB is committed to advancing our people by helping 
them develop achievable goals that promote personal 
and professional growth. We provide on-going and 
effective feedback to create a culture of ownership for 
our work and success, and by supporting a culture of 
recognition and accountability. Our performance 
management process also includes and a formal 
year-end performance assessment. This year, we 
introduced an Equity Champion role into the year-end 
performance management process to listen for 
equitable discussions on performance. We also 
implemented tools and steps for reviewing equity 
throughout the year-end performance management 
process. We are committed to auditing these key 
programs annually to ensure that they are operating  
as intended.
A total of 10,440 performance reviews were conducted 
in 2023, which represents 52% of employees 
participating in the program.
Education benefits
To encourage employee self-development, we offer  
a Global Educational Assistance Program that provides 
financial aid to those pursuing an associate, bachelor’s 
or graduate degree. Any regular full-time, active 
employee with a minimum of one year of service and  
a current rating of “successful performance” or greater 
is eligible for educational assistance unless otherwise 
stipulated under a labor or works council agreement.
The Global Accelerated and Executive Graduate  
Degree Program offers additional financial assistance 
and modification in work schedule for those employees 
participating in an executive master’s degree program, 
which typically requires an intense period of study over  
a shortened duration of time and carries substantially  
higher costs.
62
6262

Page 63:
Our commitment to fostering an inclusive and diverse 
workforce is at the core of our organizational values. One 
way we champion people is by designing benefit programs 
that support our employees and their families.
Full-time and part-time employees receive a wide variety of 
benefits based on geographic location, applicable local and 
national law, and labor or works council agreements.
Employees at our major offices and manufacturing sites 
receive competitive benefits depending on location and 
employment status, which may include the following: 
• Basic health and welfare benefits, including medical 
coverage 
• Life and accident insurance 
• Business travel accident insurance 
• Disability protection 
• Share programs
• Paid vacation, holidays and personal leave
• Retirement, savings and pension plans 
In the U.S., employees can purchase additional health 
benefits and insurance coverage at lower group rates. They 
also can contribute to a tax-free Health Savings Account or 
Health Care Spending Account for reimbursement of certain 
medical expenses as well as a Dependent Day Care Flexible 
Spending Account for childcare costs. 
The Employee Assistance Program is available to all 
employees globally. The program helps employees be more 
successful meeting their responsibilities at home and at 
work. It offers tools and resources on a variety of topics, 
including resiliency, emotional wellness, workplace success, 
work-life balance, personal and family goals and good 
health. The Employee Assistance Program also helps with 
referrals to financial or legal resources. Services are available 
at no cost to employees 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Employee benefits 
In 2023, we enhanced our global workplace flexibility 
initiative by offering up to three remote days per work week. 
We recognize this enhanced flexibility facilitates our efforts 
to build a diverse workforce by attracting and retaining key 
talent. We will continue to study the effectiveness of this 
policy and will make changes, where necessary, to support 
business needs.
We also harmonized benefits across several countries 
outside the U.S. in 2023. These harmonization efforts 
focused on streamlining benefit offerings across various 
locations and aligning retirement benefits with prevalent 
market practices.
Additionally, we engaged an external consultant in 2023  
to provide a holistic review of our U.S. benefits programs 
through a DEI lens. This provided an in-depth look at our  
U.S. healthcare, retirement, risk protection, time off, financial 
resilience, well-being perquisites, worksite resources and 
policies. We assessed benefit participation and affordability 
based on cohorts of interest (age, gender, race, location) 
and identified vulnerable populations to inform benefits 
review and opportunity prioritization. Following this review, 
we made a significant number of enhancements to our U.S. 
benefits offerings for 2024, and we are exploring options to 
conduct similar in-depth benefit reviews in other countries 
where we operate.
Defined benefit plan obligations and 
other retirement plans
Approximately 80% of employees are covered under some 
form of a defined benefit pension plan and approximately 
70% of employees are covered under a defined contribution 
plan. We also sponsor post-retirement benefit plans other 
than pensions that provide medical benefits to certain of our 
U.S., Canadian and French employees. In addition, we 
provide other post-employment benefits such as early 
retirement and deferred compensation severance benefits to 
employees of certain non-U.S. countries.
Reward and recognition
Exceptional performance, dedication to safety, attendance 
and years of service are recognized in many ways, including 
annual bonuses and special cash awards as well as share 
points that may be redeemed for merchandise.
In support of our ongoing commitment to foster a culture of 
inclusion and diversity, a new recognition program, Bravo!, 
was implemented in 2023. Bravo! expanded access to 
monetary points and eCard recognition awards from 14 
countries to all 33 countries in which we operate, enabling 
our leaders to acknowledge employees globally, promote 
peer-to-peer recognition of teammates and collaborators 
and provide the opportunity to thank contractors for their 
efforts and contributions. Our diversity goals are supported 
with offerings that are meaningful and culturally relevant, 
including eCards that celebrate holidays around the world.
Family-friendly programs
Our global family-friendly programs include paid parental 
leave, an adoption reimbursement, and providing all 
employees globally with a minimum of ten paid vacation  
or personal leave days. In the U.S., employees and spouses 
enrolled in a company medical plan have access to fertility 
benefits. They may also take advantage of the Caregiver 
Support Program which includes backup child and  
elder care. 
Parental leave
Employees across the world who bring a child into their 
family by birth, adoption or foster care are eligible for 
parental leave, as allowed by applicable local and national 
law. We have a parental leave policy that offers paid leave for 
the birth of an employee’s child, the placement for adoption 
of a child in an employee’s home, and foster care or 
adoption of a child. Our global parental leave policy was 
expanded in January 2023 to provide seven weeks of paid 
parental leave per 12-month period to all eligible employees 
who become parents. The benefit is paid at 100% of the 
employee’s regular base pay (less withholdings and 
excluding overtime, shift differential, premiums, bonuses, 
commissions or other allowances) on the date leave begins.
Transition assistance program
Employees in the U.S. whose positions are eliminated from 
the company receive transition assistance provided by a 
leading outplacement services company. The program 
includes career assessments, resume writing, LinkedIn 
profile updates, skills training, personal coaching and access 
to online research tools, job search platforms and 
networking events. A variety of assistance programs are 
provided outside of the U.S. based on local requirements.
63
63

Page 64:
Q. What is your approach to DEI?
A. One of our company values is championing people. This 
means we put people at the heart of everything we do. Our 
commitment to the safety of our people is the best example 
of how we live this value every day. In the same way that 
safety enables our operations, DEI enables us to champion 
our people.
At LYB, we know DEI is a strength and that our commitment 
to DEI helps us achieve our company strategy and ensures 
our future success. 
I approach DEI with the same rigor as any business 
imperative and believe in applying an outside-in perspective 
as a means to incorporate best practices and accelerate our 
progress. Since we activated our new DEI strategy in 2021, 
we have developed and implemented robust inclusive 
processes, and conducted extensive education and 
outreach. We will continue to provide the training and tools 
needed to transform our culture so everyone understands 
our approach and aspirations. 
Q. What key steps have been taken to embed DEI  
in the LYB culture?
A. Our initial steps focused on developing a comprehensive 
DEI strategy and ensuring all stakeholders were fully 
engaged and aligned. With the support of the LYB Board of 
Directors and leadership of the Executive Committee, we 
executed this strategy, developed industry leading goals, 
and incorporated DEI as key corporate value and 
performance competency. 
Building on this strong foundation, we continue to focus  
on the tactical work of transforming our culture by ensuring 
equity in all people processes and systems. We implemented 
changes in our hiring, work place flexibility, pay and 
performance, talent policies and systems. Improvements in 
hiring include broader recruiting efforts, diverse interview 
panels and candidate slates, standardized interview 
questions and additional hiring-manager training. 
Additionally, we will be conducting regular audits of key 
programs to ensure fairness. We have audited pay equity  
the past three years. 
Finally, we have established strong and growing global 
employee networks to enable connection, support and 
allyship of employees who did not feel fully included in the 
past. The networks are showing higher engagement, and 
excitement, and are at the forefront of our inclusion efforts.  
Q&A with Chief DEI Officer
Kyle Pierce
Pierce was appointed Chief DEI Officer in 2023, after having served on various 
LYB business teams and as Director of DEI. He is working to reinforce DEI as 
critical to business outcomes while developing and implementing programs 
that promote equity and inclusion.
" Our commitment to  
DEI helps us achieve  
our company strategy  
and ensures our future 
success."
64
6464

Page 65:
Q. What is your biggest challenge?
A. There are many misconceptions on what DEI is (and is not) 
and this is exacerbated by the external environment and 
different ways other companies operate their DEI programs. 
As a result, there is confusion, resistance and varying levels 
of support. I am thrilled that our Executive Committee is 
deeply committed to DEI and highly engaged in our 
practices. This commitment has enabled us to appropriately 
resource DEI so we can effectively execute our strategy. 
Every Committee member takes a hands-on approach 
through sponsorship of and participation in the employee 
networks. They also approve the selection of the Global  
DEI Leadership Council. This high level of engagement and 
direct communication demonstrates inclusive leadership, 
promotes leader accountability, and helps employees 
understand our aspirations and the importance of DEI. 
Another challenge is the scale and size of our company.  
We have manufacturing operations and joint ventures in 20 
countries and our products are sold in over 100 countries. 
Appreciating cultural and regional nuances adds to the 
complexity of DEI. My past roles with LYB gave me the 
opportunity to work all over the world so I have an 
understanding of how we can better embrace these 
differences and apply them to our DEI approach. Through  
the Global DEI Leadership Council and the addition of 
dedicated DEI support in other regions, we will be able  
to build programs that are locally relevant.  
Q. What are you most proud of about the DEI journey at 
LYB?
A. When we activated our new DEI strategy in 2021, we had 
already completed a significant amount of foundational 
work. Our approach was methodical. We did our research, 
listened to our employees, and earned the full support of  
our executive leadership. This enabled us to resource a 
comprehensive program and incorporate best practices 
from the very beginning. DEI is now embedded as a 
corporate value, a key performance and learning 
competency, and we have set industry leading goals.  
I take great pride in these accomplishments.
I am also very proud of the work we have done in promoting a 
psychologically safe environments because it is an important 
indicator of how our culture is changing. We are creating an 
atmosphere where employees feel safe to voice opinions 
and ideas, take risks, and learn from each other. In doing so, 
we improve collaboration, achieve ever-better performance 
and drive results. 
On a personal note, being appointed the LYB Chief DEI 
Officer is one of the greatest personal and professional 
achievements of my life. It is an honor to help lead this  
effort and to witness the transformation of our work culture, 
which, in turn, helps transform our people, communities  
and our world.
65
65

Page 66:
Our approach and governance
We believe DEI is best accomplished by understanding that it is not a standalone initiative; rather it spans the entire 
enterprise in its scope and reach. From hiring and onboarding, to the daily employee experience, DEI should be 
interwoven into the fabric of a company. This view informs how we develop our plans, balance various considerations, 
and measure our progress. When making decisions on how we advance within this area, we use data to help guide our 
methods and are careful to make sure we seek alignment from our key stakeholders.
People and Culture is tasked with leading our DEI efforts; we believe this is the most effective way to integrate and 
leverage our activities. While the Chief DEI Officer is responsible for spearheading our efforts, the support and 
alignment within People and Culture as well as with all business and functional leaders are imperative for success.  
We continue to leverage a Global DEI Council comprised of leaders who help champion and lead DEI in their 
respective businesses and functions.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 
DEI is a key business imperative and we continue to accelerate  
our work in this area.
Our vision for the future is that LYB is a place where there is genuine equal opportunity for all and DEI is embedded  
within our culture as deeply as safety. Our efforts reflect a holistic, multi-year strategy to improve representation,  
ensure fairness, increase visibility and drive equity in all of our processes and systems.
We are actively building an inclusive workplace where diversity is celebrated, leaders champion belonging, and everyone 
feels empowered to contribute fully. Our goal is to create a space where fairness, equity, and a sense of belonging are 
experienced by all, propelling individual and collective success. Our DEI progress enables us to retain and attract top 
talent and meet the needs of our customers, communities, investors, and other stakeholders. 
In 2023, we made excellent progress in advancing and embedding DEI practices within our company. Notable highlights 
include: 
• LYB introduced a new strategy along with newly defined values, commitments and competencies, which form the 
framework for how we behave day to day. DEI is now a fundamental part of our values and we believe it is necessary  
to deliver on our company strategy. DEI behaviors are embedded within our competency descriptions, and we have  
a competency dedicated to promoting inclusion. 
• We created a standalone role for the Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer with direct reporting to the Executive 
Vice President of People and Culture. As part of this change, LYB devoted more resources to the DEI team and 
increased organizational commitments to DEI-related initiatives. 
• LYB continued to observe favorable progress on DEI goals and related initiatives. We continued to make gains in 
increasing representation of senior leaders and received additional positive engagement and inclusion data. 
• We received external recognition for our work. LYB won two awards in China for our efforts in incorporating and 
developing best practices with DEI. Our Chief DEI Officer was also recognized by Houston Business Journal as an 
outstanding head of Diversity.
           C u l t u r e                                                  E m p l o y e e  v o i c e                                              R i s k  m a n a g e m e n t
    A n a ly t ic s                                                                            D E I  s t r a t e g y                                                                            G o v e r n a n c e
Disciplined approach Integrated decisions Desired outcomes
DEI
Pay
equity
Training &
development Career
equity
Inclusive
bene/f.shortits
Inclusive work
models
Leadership
accountability
Employee
engagement
Discover
Design
Execute
Track
Business value +
Workforce strategy | Attraction |
Retention | Engagement | Performance
Employee experience
Work | Culture | People
Cost-risk budgets
Cost allocation | Risks | 
Cost-risk management
66
66

Page 67:
As part of our comprehensive and integrated DEI 
approach, we developed aspirational goals for each  
of our strategic pillars.
In 2021, we established initial DEI goals to help drive 
our strategy and guide our activities. Our diversity 
representation goal is only one element of our 
comprehensive and integrated DEI approach. To that 
end, we developed goals for each strategic pillar 
associated with DEI. These interrelated goals 
complement each other and cannot be viewed 
independently. We understand equity and inclusion are 
important when building a positive employee culture 
and most of our work centers on advancing this aspect. 
Success in these areas will help grow representation.
For each goal, we identified key supporting practices 
that are important in prioritizing our work and 
achieving success. 
To ensure transparency, we publish annual updates 
about how we measure progress and drive outcomes.
DEI strategic pillars 
Strategic Pillar Goals Initiatives Vision
Diversity 
Representation
• Appoint at least one-third female directors to the Board
• Increase women in global senior leadership roles to  
33% and U.S. URP1 in U.S. senior leadership roles to  
29%, by 2027 (in each case, a 50% increase relative  
to a 2022 baseline)
• Achieve gender parity in global senior roles, and 
population parity in U.S. senior roles, by 2032
• Talent and Development
• Hiring and Advancement
• Equal opportunity at all levels of the 
organization
• Robust diverse talent pipelines of future 
leaders
Equity 
Fairness
• Increase perception of fairness to 100%
• Annual audits reported for 100% of key People and 
Culture programs by 2025
• Pay Equity
• People and Culture Program Analysis
• Employees believe they are treated fairly 
with opportunities to thrive
• People and Culture programs (hiring, 
promotion, pay, performance) regularly 
reviewed for bias
Inclusion
Belonging
• Increase global participation rate in Employee 
Networks to 55%
• Increase perception of belonging to 100%
• 100% completion of required training
• Employee Networks
• DEI Training
• Community and Outreach
• Reputation as inclusive employer
• Leaders foster a culture of belonging
• Positive employee culture of inclusion  
and belonging
1.  U.S. Underrepresented population (“URP”) is based on reporting for the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and includes employees who self-identify as Hispanic or Latino, 
Black or African American, Asian or Pacific Islander, Indian, Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or two or more races.
67
67

Page 68:
Achieve gender parity 
in global senior leader 
roles and population 
parity in U.S. senior 
leader roles by 2032
In 2022, we set five-year goals to increase the number of 
female senior leaders globally to at least 33% and the 
number of senior leaders from underrepresented 
populations in the U.S. to at least 29%, representing 50% 
increases in both groups relative to a 2022 baseline. In the 
long term, we have committed to achieving gender parity in 
global senior leadership (i.e., approximately 50% women and 
50% men) and population parity in U.S. senior leadership 
(i.e., representation of underrepresented populations equal 
to their proportion of the U.S. population) by 2032.
In 2023, we made progress toward our goals. As of 
December 31, 2023, women served in 25% of global senior 
leadership roles, which is an increase from 22% in 2022. In 
the U.S., 19% of senior leaders were from underrepresented 
populations, consistent with the prior year. Our Executive 
pay band (the highest level of leadership) also experienced 
representation growth in women and underrepresented  
populations. Women now make up 27% of this band, an 
increase from 24% in 2022, while the percentage of 
individuals from underrepresented populations grew from 
19% in 2022 to 23% in 2023. Of the ten members on our 
Executive Committee, comprised of senior executives who 
lead our businesses and functions, four are women, and 
together, our CEO and Executive Committee represent six 
different nationalities.
Our increase in female representation is the result of 
increased external hiring and exceptional retention 
performance. In 2023, the attrition rate of female employees 
decreased from 9% in 2022 to 3% in 2023. We attribute part 
of this success to our focus on talent development and 
offering a compelling employee value proposition. For 
employees from underrepresented populations, hiring, 
promotion, and attrition rates all improved. While still higher 
than desired, the attrition rate for employees from 
underrepresented populations decreased from 14% in 2022 
to 9% in 2023. This, coupled with the addition of new senior 
leadership roles in the U.S., resulted in flat overall 
representation when compared to 2022. Despite this, we still 
experienced a net gain in the number of employees from 
underrepresented populations resulting in a 21% increase in 
senior leadership headcount.
In 2022, we implemented hiring practices that included 
broader recruiting efforts, diverse interview panels and 
candidate slates, standardized interview questions and 
hiring-manager training. In 2023, we made process 
refinements and offered additional training and reporting. 
We believe this will help increase our success in this highly 
competitive talent market.
Increasing representation requires a focused effort on 
identifying, retaining and accelerating development of our 
talent. In 2023, we enhanced the equity metrics of our talent 
management reviews to better measure our progress. Our 
talent programs provide women and underrepresented 
employees with professional development and exposure.
Global employee gender representation 2022 2023
Total global employees
Men 81% 80%
Women 19% 20%
Senior leaders
Men 78% 75%
Women 22% 25%
Professionals
Men 67% 66%
Women 33% 34%
U.S. employee ethnicity representation 2022 2023
Total U.S. employees
Non-underrepresented 67% 65%
Underrepresented 33% 35%
Senior leaders
Non-underrepresented 81% 81%
Underrepresented 19% 19%
Professionals
Non-underrepresented 65% 62%
Underrepresented 35% 38%
Data is as of December 31, 2023. Senior leaders, for the purposes of our diversity goals, refers to employees that represent the top six job bands of our employees and 
executives. Professionals refers to the employees in the next eight job bands, excluding technical and hourly employees.
Our goal
68
6868

Page 69:
Increase perception of fairness to 
100% and complete annual audits  
for key programs by 2025
Our efforts to improve equity are focused on ensuring that 
our systems and process are fair to all employees. This also 
requires us to ensure we are communicating transparently 
with our employees. Our goal is for 100% of employees to 
believe they are being treated fairly. Similar to our GoalZERO 
safety culture, our approach to equity focuses on continuous 
improvement and striving for excellence. To measure our 
progress, we conduct annual engagement surveys with our 
employees. Our most recent survey in 2023 indicates that 
83% of employees who responded believe they are being 
treated fairly. We also identified 22 teams of five or more 
people where the 100% goal was achieved.
Equity Committee
In 2023, we established an Equity Committee comprised of 
all key functional groups in the People and Culture function 
with the intention of leveraging the interconnectivity to 
create a path to greater equity and improve the 
understanding and impression of fairness among 
employees. The committee’s key responsibilities include:
• Monitoring progress toward DEI Equity goals
• Evaluating the impact of the action plans and adjusting  
as needed
• Ensuring key People and Culture policies are audited 
annually to ensure equity goals are met
• Communicating our vision for targeted efforts to advance 
equity within the organization to build trust and 
transparency
In 2023, the committee was instrumental in driving 
completion of the equity projects detailed in this report.
We identified key People and Culture programs potentially 
impacting DEI, including compensation, benefits, policies, 
performance management, and talent advancement. We 
initially focused on  identifying and correcting gaps in our 
current People and Culture programs and ensuring we 
incorporate DEI best practices. 
We also identified pay, workplace flexibility, performance 
management and talent advancement as impacts to DEI  
and we are working to improve in the areas by incorporating 
best practices.
We are committed to auditing these key programs annually 
to ensure that they are operating as intended and driving 
successful outcomes.
Equity Champion
This year, we introduced an Equity Champion role into the 
year-end performance management process to listen for 
equitable discussions on performance and help identify 
potential biases. We also implemented tools and steps for 
reviewing equity throughout the year-end performance 
management process.
69
69

Page 70:
Our median pay gap and how we are 
working to eliminate it
We also conducted a global median pay gap analysis, which 
measures differences in the median pay of one group to 
another—women compared to men and underrepresented 
groups compared to the majority—without adjusting for 
factors designed to create a like-for-like comparison. This 
analysis is known as the unadjusted pay gap.
Our analysis found that the median pay for women is 98%  
of the median for men (globally), and the median pay for 
underrepresented employees is 97% of the median for white 
employees (U.S. only). While we are proud of our actions to 
ensure equal pay for equal work, the median pay gap 
confirms lower representation of women and 
underrepresented employees in higher-paid positions, and 
further supports that continued work is needed to achieve 
our representation goals.
Our pay equity approach
For the third consecutive year, the company completed a 
pay equity review with the support of external experts to 
advise on pay equity requirements and considerations and 
conducted statistical pay analyses based on best practices 
and industry standards. We utilize a licensed software tool to 
run multiple regression analyses comparing pay across 
employee populations while accounting for differences in 
factors like location, job level and function.
Our most recent pay equity review found that globally, on an 
adjusted pay basis, women are paid $0.99 to $1.00 for men. 
This same analysis reflected that U.S. underrepresented 
employees are paid $1.00 to $1.00 compared with non-
underrepresented employees. Consistent with 2022, this 
review demonstrates that generally, employees doing like 
work of equal or similar value continue to receive equal or 
similar pay. While our global pay equity results are positive, 
we continued to review results deeper in the organization. 
Of the 13,500 employees, we identified employee groups in 
specific segments of the organization requiring more 
in-depth review.
We use the analysis to identify any employee whose pay is 
not comparable to those doing similar work with similar 
experience.
In 2023, our analysis led to a pay review for approximately 
380 employees. Ultimately, after additional review, we 
adjusted the base salary for approximately 50 employees, 
50% of whom are female and/or underrepresented.
Fair pay
We have established our approach to fair pay, and this approach aligns with our DEI vision, goals and objectives. We hold 
ourselves accountable by monitoring and sharing our progress. As part of our commitment to pay fairness, we focus on the 
following four pillars: market competitiveness, pay governance, pay transparency and equal pay opportunities. 
Market competitive Consistent approach and 
governance Pay transparency Equity in opportunity and pay
We strive to provide competitive 
pay opportunities based on role, 
performance and skills. We work 
to ensure job offers (promotions 
and external hires) are based 
on the job responsibilities 
and the job market regardless 
of a candidate’s historical 
compensation. Our roadmap 
to achieve this includes: 
conducting thorough 
analyses of the current market 
conditions; benchmarking our 
compensation strategy and 
making adjustments to keep 
pace with market fluctuations.
We are committed to ensuring 
that our pay processes and 
practices promote fairness 
for all our employees and are 
screened for potential bias. 
We test the application of our 
frameworks and pay processes 
in each geography to ensure pay 
is being managed and governed 
in a consistent and equitable 
manner.
We continue to support 
employees in their 
understanding of where they 
fit in the organization, what 
they can do to progress in their 
career, how pay and career-
related decisions are made 
and how our talent and reward 
processes work. We publish key 
results from fair pay analysis 
globally.
We aim to offer equal 
opportunities to our employees, 
enabling them to progress 
from both a career and pay 
perspective. Multiple salary 
reviews are conducted during 
the year to meet our pay equity 
directives, ensuring comparable 
pay for similar work. Alongside 
this review, we conduct a 
global median pay gap analysis, 
measuring differences in the 
median pay by gender and by 
underrepresented employees, 
which is an indicator of 
representation.
2022 2023
Pay equity
Global women-to-men $1.00/$1.00 $0.99/$1.00
U.S. Underrepresented to non-underrepresented $1.01/$1.00 $1.00/$1.00
Global gender base pay gap: Women to men median $
All employees 0.98 0.99
Senior leaders 0.96 0.95
Professionals 0.81 0.82
U.S. ethnicity base pay gap: Underrepresented to non-underrepresented $
All employees 0.96 0.97
Senior leaders 1.00 0.98
Professionals 0.91 0.91
Women-to-men median $: This is the unadjusted pay gap which does not account for education, location, or other factors.
70
70

Page 71:
Increase perception of belonging  
to 100% and increase global 
participation rate in employee 
networks to 55%
Promoting a culture of inclusion is critical. Similar to our 
equity goal, we strive to have 100% of our employees feel 
they are included and belong. Our most recent engagement 
survey in 2023 indicates that 80% of respondents feel a 
sense of belonging at the company. Similar to our fairness 
goals, we have also identified 41 teams who have achieved 
100% sense of belonging on their teams. Most importantly, 
we have 17 teams whose results are at 100% with both 
fairness and belonging, which is a strong indication that we 
can achieve our goals. 
To drive change, we focus our inclusion efforts on key 
initiatives that include learning and education, outreach,  
and employee networks.
Our most recent engagement 
survey in 2023 indicates that 
80% of respondents feel a 
sense of belonging at the 
company.
71
71

Page 72:
Our employee networks help cultivate a community where 
all employees feel valued and respected. They also give our 
employees the opportunity to connect with colleagues who 
have similar interests, identities, and goals; to network, 
demonstrate allyship, share ideas and learn; and to foster 
professional and personal growth. We understand the vital 
role that these networks play in cultivating an inclusive 
culture so we established a 55% participation goal. In 2023, 
we achieved 18% participation, which is a 20% growth rate 
relative to 2022. 
Our networks are open to all employees. We have network 
members at 92% of our global sites, with 51% of members 
residing outside of the U.S. and 26% have joined as allies of 
underrepresented groups. We measure the act of allyship 
within our networks as we know that support by people who 
may not share the same characteristics is an important part 
of building an inclusive culture. This allyship has been even 
more important as our initial networks have been focused on 
ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, and age. 
Our engagement survey indicates members of employee 
networks are 20% more engaged and are 10% more likely to 
report satisfaction with the company’s future than 
employees who are not members of a network.
Our networks are:
Employee networks 
Employees are selected as co-chairs, and they are responsible 
for selecting leadership team members and local site 
champions. Senior leaders serve as executive sponsors.
Networks help to promote inclusion by conducting 
professional development and networking events, and 
coordinating heritage and cultural month celebrations. In 
addition, they sponsor a variety of career and professional 
development activities meant to engage their members. 
Since 2021, the networks have conducted more than 300 
events to support their members. 
The employee networks are provided an operating budget 
and additional funds for donation to select charities and 
causes that are important to their members and aligned with 
our Advancing Good and DEI strategies. This year, the 
networks focused their community engagement activities on 
projects that address food scarcity, urgent community 
needs, and education:
• BELIEVE donated to the Almeda Plaza Food Pantry, a 
Houston organization which offers assistance in meeting 
the essentials of daily living such as job search services, a 
food pantry, gently used items (when available), and 
various hygiene products. BELIEVE also distributed over 
2,000 meals during Free Heri-Heri in Rotterdam. 
• ASPIRE participated in Langar at the Gurdwara Sahib in 
Houston, preparing meals for 350 people, and supported 
Feeding Hong Kong in China. The group also helped to 
establish a mini science center in a school located in 
Matunga, Mumbai, India.
• YPEN provided funds to Hürther Tafel e.V. in Germany to 
support its food bank. 
• LIFT provided funds to support Dress for Success, a global 
not-for-profit organization that empowers women to 
achieve economic independence by providing a network 
of support, professional attire and the development tools 
to help women thrive in work and in life.
• TrueColors supported the Trevor Project, a leading suicide 
prevention and crisis intervention nonprofit organization 
for LGBTQ+ young people, and Allies in Hope which aims 
to create a community where HIV is stigma-free and rare, 
and people have equitable access to care.
• LEAD donated funds to support education programs at 
Nuestra Casa in Rotterdam. The organization focuses on 
the integration and participation of Spanish speakers in 
Dutch society. 
• Our BELIEVE and LEAD employee networks in Houston 
teamed up to help Booker T. Washington High School 
engineering students with a sustainability project. Using 
3D printers, students designed water filtration systems for 
a college in Karoi, Zimbabwe, that lacked access to 
purified water. They also provided solar panels and wind 
turbines for needed electricity. BELIEVE established a 
leadership program to help the students, which are 97% 
economically disadvantaged, learn engineering and the 
power of public speaking, “That’s what we need in 
education. We need people to invest in our students. To 
really believe in what they’re doing and how they’re going 
to help make well-rounded citizens here locally and 
globally,” said Principal Dr. Carlos Phillips II.
Through their diverse initiatives and strong partnerships,  
our employee networks are demonstrating the company's 
commitment to social responsibility, community 
engagement, and building a more inclusive future.
72
72

Page 73:
Listening and employee engagement
We believe in the importance of listening to our employees. 
We invite our employees to help shape our culture and 
work environment through ongoing and continued 
measures including engagement surveys, smaller pulse 
surveys, and listening circles. We conducted pulse surveys 
open to all employees in the third and fourth quarters of 
2023. Approximately 65% of employees participated in 
these pulse surveys. Survey questions gathered feedback 
on our LYB strategy and values along with our efforts on 
inclusion and equity.
Of particular note:
• Employees participating in the employee networks had a 
higher response rate to the survey, demonstrating greater 
engagement, and scored more favorably in the areas of 
authenticity at work, fair treatment and sense of 
belonging.
• Globally, women and underrepresented groups scored 
more favorably than the average in the following 
categories: ability to be their authentic self at work; their 
excitement about the future of LYB; LYB being a good 
place to work; and the perception of fair treatment by 
their managers.
Learning and education
Our company has prioritized and implemented DEI training 
to accelerate change in our workforce at all levels. In 2023, 
development was primarily focused on our manufacturing 
workforce and People and Culture professionals. We 
engaged 7,145 manufacturing employees with DEI training 
through guided topics and learning materials led by 
supervisors and leadership at the site level. These leader-led 
learnings and discussion guides were completed at 86 sites 
globally, in local languages. For our People and Culture 
employees across the world, we focused on DEI upskilling, 
and building capability to better address and champion DEI 
in daily activities and interactions with leaders. Through 
regional training sessions, we engaged 288 People and 
Culture employees in 2023. We believe our People and 
Culture community is in a unique position to further embed 
DEI into everything we do and to continue evolving DEI from 
awareness into action.
In 2023, 70% of employees completed more than 35,000 
DEI-related training sessions. This included mandatory 
training sessions for 8,299 manufacturing employees and 
new employees, and 6,155 employees who completed DEI 
courses voluntarily.
In 2023, we brought additional awareness to our DEI goals 
and initiatives by incorporating this topic into some of our 
leadership programs. While all of our new competencies 
descriptions incorporate DEI language, the new 
competency of Promote Inclusion was specifically added  
to reinforce psychological safety, respect, integrating 
differences and allyship. We introduced the new 
competencies to the organization in 2023, and will be 
integrating them to our programs in 2024. The new 
competency framework will reinforce equitable and 
inclusive behaviors for all within the company.
External outreach
Our main vehicle for external outreach is via employee 
networks. Through our employee networks, we have 
invested in and engaged with organizations that are 
advancing DEI. Since their inception in 2021, more than  
300 events have been conducted by network members  
and $700,000 has been directed to community efforts.  
We further ensure our DEI efforts are aligned with our  
overall philanthropic efforts, Advancing Good. 
Outside of the networks, we remain a sponsor of the FOSSI 
program (Future of STEM Scholars Initiative). This is a 
program that provides scholarships to STEM students at 
HBCUs (Historically Black Colleges and Universities) that is  
a partnership with AICHE (American Institute of Chemical 
Engineers) and ACC (American Chemistry Council). 
In 2023, we committed $480,000 to sponsor 10 additional 
students, bringing our total number of sponsored students 
to 30 and our total commitment to $1.4 million in 
scholarships. 
73
73

Page 74:
Sustainable procurement
We are cultivating strong relationships across 
the supply chain to effectively address global 
sustainability challenges and achieve positive 
outcomes.
74
74

Page 75:
Our supplier due diligence 
We completed an extensive supplier sustainability risk 
mapping project in 2023 following an initial application of risk 
criteria the prior year. We leveraged the EcoVadis IQ platform 
to gain a detailed view of risks in the areas of environment, 
social standards and ethics. From this analysis, we obtained 
valuable insights into potential risks in our supply chain 
allowing us to take proactive measures to mitigate potential 
impacts if necessary. 
Based on the risk mapping, we request certain suppliers to 
complete an EcoVadis sustainability assessment or a TfS 
audit. If the assessment or audit identifies a need to improve, 
we may request that the supplier implements corrective 
actions. For suppliers with an EcoVadis score below 45, 
corrective actions are mandatory.
In 2023, more than 1,500 suppliers with a spend threshold of 
$150,000 in 2022 were assessed, which represents a 120% 
increase over 2022.
Also in 2023, our Global Supplier Engagement Team reached 
out to 27 suppliers whose EcoVadis score did not meet our 
minimum requirements to provide the training needed to help 
them improve. The team also offered support to suppliers 
who previously declined participation in sustainability 
assessments or audits to help kickstart their engagement. 
Assess a minimum 
of 70% of our key 
suppliers globally 
using sustainability 
criteria by 2025
Sustainability performance is one of 
the key elements of our 
procurement strategy. We are  
cultivating strong relationships 
across the supply chain to 
effectively address global 
sustainability challenges and 
achieve positive outcomes.
As a responsible business, we expect our suppliers to 
comply with applicable laws and internationally recognized 
standards, conduct business ethically and share the 
principles set out in our Supplier Code of Conduct. To 
support this endeavor, we utilize EcoVadis assessments and 
Together for Sustainability (TfS) audits, which offer 
transparency and valuable insights into our suppliers' 
sustainability performance and supply chain. 
These sustainability assessments play a pivotal role in 
identifying potential risks and opportunities, driving 
ongoing sustainability enhancements and facilitating open 
and constructive dialogue with our suppliers to improve 
their sustainability practices.
84
678
1,533
0 250 500 750 1,000 1,250 1,500
2021
2022
2023
LyondellBasell EcoVadis yearly progress 
Number of suppliers assessed
57.7 +11.8
59.9 60
57
50.9
45.9 46.1 48.7
45.6
39.8
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
Overall Score Environment Labor & Human Rights Ethics Sustainable
Procurement
LYB suppliers sustainbility evaluation results vs. chemical industry benchmark
L Y B  S u p p l i e r s C h e m i c a l  I n d u s t r y  B e n c h m a r k
+13.8 +11.3
+11.4
+11.1
Supplier EcoVadis sustainability evaluation results 
vs. chemical industry benchmark
Our goal
EcoVadis performance of suppliers in 2023
1%
11%
1%
2%
2%
20%
41%
15%
25%
22%
53%
33%
53%
50%
43%
26%
14%
30%
22%
29%
0%
1%
1%
1%
4%
0 % 2 0 % 4 0 % 6 0 % 8 0 % 1 00%
Total
Sustainable Procurement
Labor & Human Rights
Ethics
Environment
EcoVadis performance of our key suppliers in 2023
0 -2 4EcoVadis score, in points: 2 5 -4 4 4 5 -6 4 6 5 -8 4 8 5 -1 0 0
Score range is 0 to 100, with 100 being best
Number of suppliers assessed: 1,533 as of February 2024 
Score range is 0 to 100, with 100 being the best. Number of suppliers assessed: 678 as of February 2023.
757575

Page 76:
Audits help drive performance 
improvement
The TfS audit is conducted by an external TfS-accredited 
auditor who performs an on-site tour and interviews 
employees typically over one to three days. These 
comprehensive audits examine a supplier’s key sustainability 
practices concerning management, environment, health and 
safety, labor and human rights, and governance. The audit 
process may result in a supplier or site-specific corrective 
action plan to address areas with potential for improvement. 
This plan is agreed between the auditor and a senior manager 
of the company being audited, which helps ensure that the 
improvements are implemented. 
We piloted a smaller number of TfS audits and built internal 
processes to define which suppliers should undergo an audit 
in 2023. TfS audit findings are classified by their severity and 
differentiated as critical, major, minor and no findings. Of the 
audits conducted by TfS of four of our suppliers, three major 
findings were identified. They were related to health and 
safety, and labor and human rights issues. We requested 
correction within an appropriate time frame. LYB may 
terminate relationships with a supplier if, after repeated 
engagement, no action is taken on the findings. 
We also embedded other non-TfS audits in our supplier risk 
assessment processes. In particular, we are using Safety and 
Quality Assessment System (SQAS) audits, an initiative of the 
European Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC), to assess the 
safety, environmental, security and health quality and 
corporate social responsibility performance of our European 
logistic service providers. Ninety-eight percent of our road 
transport and warehouse providers have been SQAS audited.
In 2023, no supplier relationships were terminated due to 
audit findings or EcoVadis assessments.
Scope 3 supplier engagement 
program
Sustainable procurement plays a pivotal role in working 
across the value chain to reduce carbon emissions in order 
to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement. Emissions 
associated with feedstocks and raw materials make up the 
largest category of our reported scope 3 emissions. 
In 2023, we:
• Rolled out a supplier carbon reduction program with a 
focus on those with the most material impact on our 
product carbon footprint (PCF). We are engaging with 
suppliers to better understand the PCF of the materials we 
procure and the potential for collaboration on emissions 
reduction opportunities. We requested that all suppliers 
share their PCF.  
• Held multiple meetings with the main feedstock suppliers 
for our integrated hubs to discuss pathways to scope 1 
and 2 GHG emissions reductions. 
• Conducted a survey among our feedstock and raw 
material suppliers to understand their GHG emissions 
reductions ambitions. The answers to this survey allowed 
us to develop a supplier GHG engagement strategy. 
• Involved a selected group of suppliers in a pilot test of TfS' 
PCF data sharing solution using Siemens' SiGreen 
technology. SiGreen is an information technology (IT) 
platform that enables TfS members and suppliers to share 
upstream PCF information. The selected pilot suppliers 
already provide PCF data and are now testing the sharing 
functionality of the platform.
76
76

Page 77:
TfS elected LYB Chief Procurement 
Officer (CPO) Jen Jewson as President
The TfS General Assembly, at its Annual Meeting in 2023, 
elected Jennifer Jewson, CPO of LYB, as its new TfS 
President. Her mandate is for two years.
Sustainability is important because it affects not only our 
environment but also our economy and society as a whole. 
By working together and sharing our best practices, TfS can 
be a role model for other industries as we work to reduce 
our carbon footprint, drive circularity, conserve our natural 
resources, and promote social responsibility. This means 
inspiring and motivating others to take action within our 
space and externally to have a positive impact on the world. 
LYB is also heavily involved at the working level in TfS. We 
are represented in three TfS workstreams including TfS 
assessments, scope 3, and as chair of the workstream on 
capability building and communication.
First LYB Sustainability Award issued
In 2023, for the first time, we are proud to have bestowed a 
LYB Sustainability Award. The award recognized Imerys for 
their sustainability performance, including their strong 
EcoVadis rating, and their efforts in reducing the carbon 
footprint of the raw materials they supply us with.
Imerys’ solutions contribute essential properties to 
customers’ products and their performance, including heat 
resistance, hardness, conductivity, opacity, durability, purity, 
lightness, filtration, absorption and water repellency.  
Supply chain finance program 
incentivizes suppliers to obtain a 
sustainability rating
LYB is working with J.P. Morgan and Taulia to offer our 
suppliers an early payment program with an ESG-linked 
feature. With this offer, we aim to further support our 
ambitions for a more sustainable supply chain. The LYB 
Supply Chain Finance (SCF) program incentivizes suppliers 
to obtain a sustainability rating, offering improved pricing 
under the program for suppliers who obtain an EcoVadis 
rating with qualifying scores. This ESG-linked feature of our 
program is unique among SCF solutions in the U.S. and one 
aspect that makes the solution best-in-class. The better a 
participating supplier’s EcoVadis score, the larger ESG 
margin reduction they may receive under the program.
Supplier Diversity Program
Through our commitment to equitable opportunities and partnerships, we drive positive social impact, foster 
innovation, and set a benchmark for sustainable and responsible procurement practices as part of our 
Supplier Diversity Program.
We conducted an extensive evaluation of our global supplier base to gauge the impact of diverse suppliers 
on our global spend. This information serves as a crucial asset in pinpointing opportunities for growth.
As we set our sights on 2024, we are committed to expanding our approach of ensuring equitable 
opportunities and partnerships with diverse suppliers.
77
7777

Page 78:
Social impact
Our new social impact program  
underscores our commitment to  
human rights and meaningful  
community engagement.
78
78

Page 79:
Social impact
In 2023, we established a social 
impact program, which will provide 
a coordinated framework to deliver 
on our commitments to human 
rights and to being a responsible, 
good neighbor in the communities 
where we operate.
One of the key focus areas of the program is community 
engagement, which will focus meaningful, two-way 
engagement and enhancement of communities, as well 
as the management of potential impacts and delivery of 
needs-based community benefits. The program will 
establish policies and management processes that are 
aligned with regulatory requirements, industry best 
practices and community expectations, and ensure 
these are consistently implemented across our global 
footprint.
Our approach is based on continuous engagement with 
our communities through different, fit-for-purpose 
methods. For example, we participate in community 
events and Community Advisory Panels (known as CAPs) 
and conduct community surveys, which help us 
understand community needs, concerns, and 
expectations. Our site leadership teams work closely 
with our Advancing Good program to identify 
opportunities to provide need-based community 
benefits. As part of our commitment to continuous 
improvement, we will develop a coordinated global 
approach to social impact and integrate the approach 
into our existing management frameworks.
In July 2023, we conducted a survey in the communities around our Channelview complex in Texas. The goal of 
the survey was to better understand the community profile, including needs, concerns, and expectations, help 
identify potential need-based benefits and seek community feedback on potential GHG emission reduction 
projects at the site. 
The survey respondents indicated that energy utility costs, transportation costs and crime and security are their 
main challenges. The respondents expressed need for quality jobs, workforce development and training, 
environmental conservation and restoration, infrastructure improvement, as well as development of green 
spaces and community gathering places. 
We also asked the survey respondents to indicate how they would like us to engage with them and keep them 
informed and whether there were certain accommodations that would support their participation. The 
respondents expressed preferences to access information via the LYB website and social media postings and 
engage us via community meetings, such as town halls and surveys. 
We plan to use the information gathered in the survey to shape our community engagement plans, activities 
and social investments in the Channelview area. In the future, we hope to implement similar community 
surveys at other sites to support our GHG emission reduction programs and other activities. 
Engaging communities in Channelview, Texas, U.S.
Our site in Berre l'Etang in France has had a toll-free 
telephone number since 1999. Any community member  
can ask questions, submit feedback and/or complaints by 
calling this number. When a call is received, our local site 
representatives record the reason(s) for the call and log it 
into our internal system for tracking purposes. From there, 
we are able to evaluate the feedback and/or complaint 
submitted, direct it to the right function within the company 
and start working on addressing it. Once the situation has 
been addressed, we contact the caller again to share our 
findings.
Over the years, the toll-free number has received a consist 
flow of feedback from the community, demonstrating 
community access to a feedback mechanism at our Berre 
site. The number has effectively fostered dialogue between 
the site and the community on feedback and concerns.
Apart from this call system, the site also organizes an  
annual forum called the Commission Locale d'Information et 
d'Échanges, which provides local community members with 
an opportunity to meet with the site management face-to-
face to ask questions and/or submit feedback or complaints.
Collecting community 
feedback at Berre I’Etang, 
France
Channelview  
Community  
Survey
Challenges
• Energy and utility costs
• Transportation costs
• Crime and security
Benefits
• Quality jobs
• Environmental conservation
• Infrastructure improvements
• Workforce development and 
training
Engagement
• LYB website
• Community meetings
• Social Media postings
79
79

Page 80:
Community engagement activities by region
In 2023, we utilized our CAPs to engage with community stakeholders. In Asia, 47% of our engagement activities were 
carried out through our local CAPs and 37% through community events. In the United States, 70% of engagements were 
through the CAPs and 29% through community events. In Europe, the breakdown was 18% CAP engagements and 74% 
community events.
Throughout the three regions, we also hosted a number of site tours, which provide an opportunity for LYB to be 
transparent about our operations and answer questions from community members and representatives.
Community eventsCAP meetings Site tours
Asia
37%
47%
16%
U.S.
29%
70%
1%
Europe
74%
18%
8%
80
80

Page 81:
Our Human Rights Policy is guided by common principles found within the  
UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights, and the International Labor Organization 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, among other 
international instruments.
Security personnel and human rights
We promote the security of our workers and premises and 
take affirmative steps to maintain a workplace that is free 
from violence, intimidation, or other disruptive conditions. 
We work with our security groups to ensure security 
response is respectful of human rights, consistent with 
international standards and proportional to the threat 
identified.
Conflict minerals 
We comply with conflict minerals laws and regulations and 
our Conflict Minerals Policy outlines our approach to 
sourcing responsibly. We outline the risks and report due 
diligence actions taken to manage risks with our suppliers in 
our annual Conflict Minerals Report filed with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission.
Environmental justice
Our approach to environmental justice is grounded in our 
purpose, values and commitments, as well as our HSE&S 
Policy and Human Rights Policy. We acknowledge the 
importance of engaging in meaningful conversations with 
community stakeholders about our operations, and their 
needs and potential concerns.
We support the fair treatment and meaningful involvement 
of all people regardless of race, color, national origin or 
income with respect to the development, implementation, 
and enforcement of environmental laws, regulations, and 
policies.
Human rights
Our Human Rights Policy sets forth our commitment to 
respecting human rights throughout our global operations 
and establishes our minimum standards for the following 
fundamental aspects of human and labor rights: Workforce 
health and safety; prevention of discrimination, harassment 
and retaliation; diversity, equity and inclusion; workplace 
security; working conditions and fair wages; freedom of 
association; freely chosen employment; and child labor 
protections. Our commitment to human rights is also 
reflected in our Code of Conduct, our HSE&S Policy, and our 
Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Preventing forced, compulsory or 
child labor
We forbid the use of child or forced, indentured or 
involuntary labor (including modern slavery and human 
trafficking). Each year, we issue Human Trafficking and 
Anti-Slavery Statements in line with the requirements of the 
United Kingdom's Modern Slavery Act of 2015, and the 
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010. In 
these statements, we publish information regarding our 
efforts to ensure that slavery, forced labor and human 
trafficking are not taking place in any of our supply chains or 
in any part of our business.
We expect our suppliers to share our commitment to 
upholding human rights. Our Supplier Code of Conduct 
defines this expectation and is incorporated in our standard 
contracts and purchase order terms and conditions. At the 
end of 2022, we updated our Supplier Code of Conduct, 
Human Rights Policy, and general terms and conditions to 
strengthen our requirements for suppliers.
Compliance with the principles set forth in our Supplier 
Code of Conduct is monitored through supplier risk 
assessments, ratings and audits. 
In line with the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Law,  
we have started developing processes for increased human 
rights due diligence. We are also in the process of 
identifying and prioritizing our company-wide salient human 
rights issues. The principles described in our Human Rights 
Policy are important to us and, therefore, we continuously 
evaluate our approach to human rights, including human 
rights due diligence. As such, we are developing a 
coordinated global approach for our processes relating to 
community engagement, risk-based social and human rights 
due diligence and impact management, and community 
feedback, as well as integrating those processes into our 
existing management frameworks. For more information  
about our Sustainable Procurement program, refer to pages 
74-77 of this report.
We will demonstrate our commitment to environmental 
justice by:
• Living our commitments to environmental, health, safety, 
human rights and community engagement 
• Contributing to communities’ environmental, economic 
and social well-being
• Providing opportunities for our community members to 
engage in meaningful two-way dialogue 
• Understanding and mitigating the potentially adverse 
impacts of our operations 
• Ensuring that environmental justice is considered in our 
proposed activities, projects and investments
• Reviewing and updating our environmental justice 
approach as appropriate for continuous improvement
Finally, we support sound policies that advance 
environmental justice. We believe that well-designed policies 
should include transparent, objective, and fact- and risk-
based approaches to decision-making. This approach is 
designed to support our engagements with stakeholders as 
well as our policy efforts. 
81
81

Page 82:
Advancing Good
Our global corporate citizenship 
program, Advancing Good, 
demonstrates our commitment to 
being a responsible, good neighbor.
82
82

Page 83:
Advancing Good
The program focuses on three key 
areas of impact: Advancing Our 
Communities, supporting healthy, 
diverse and dynamic communities; 
Advancing Our Planet, demonstrating 
our commitment to being leaders in 
the efforts to end plastic waste and 
develop sustainable solutions to 
protect our planet for future 
generations; and Advancing 
Tomorrow’s Workforce, educating, 
training and preparing tomorrow’s 
workforce to be our future leaders.
Through our Advancing Good program, we are:
• Committed to creating good through strategic community 
initiatives and collaboration
• Striving to make a meaningful and lasting difference, for 
now and for generations to come
• Actively listening to community needs and building 
relationships to amplify our impact through investments 
and volunteerism
Advancing our planet: 
Promoting a beautiful and  
healthy environment
20 Houston area schools 
start a new recycling 
program with the help  
of LYB
As part of the Houston Recycling Collaboration, LYB 
provided a $100,000 grant to establish a new recycling 
program at the Houston Independent School District 
(HISD). The pilot program launched at 20 participating 
HISD schools where they are collecting cardboard, paper 
and a variety of plastics, including difficult-to-recycle 
plastics, from chip bags to takeout containers, for 
recycling. The district’s staff and students received 
recycling education. “Our children will inherit the world 
we build for them, so it is key that they understand the 
value of recycling and the circular economy as early as 
possible,” said Mayor Sylvester Turner of the City of 
Houston. “I commend HISD and its partners for 
embarking on such an ambitious program, driven by the 
need to address waste and landfill use today to enable a 
more sustainable future.”
Cycling event supports 
Galveston Bay 
Foundation
More than 1,100 cyclists participated in Bike Around 
the Bay presented by LYB. The ride showcased the 
natural beauty of Galveston Bay in Texas, while 
supporting the mission and programs of Galveston 
Bay Foundation. Eighty riders participated on Team 
LYB, raising more than $51,000 to help ensure the bay 
remains a beautiful and productive place for years to 
come. 
LYB creates a special park 
accessible to every child
LYB and the City of Lake Charles, Louisiana, partnered to 
transform historic Lock Park into an all-inclusive park for 
children. The park’s playground equipment will be selected 
to accommodate every child, regardless of need, and will 
feature sustainable materials and state-of-the-art design 
concepts. LYB committed $100,000 to the project.
"This proposal to transform Lock Park into a fully inclusive 
space is a dream come true for all families who have ever 
experienced watching their child sit on the sidelines, unable 
to participate in play with other children,” said Julia 
Bourgeois, director of Families for Inclusion, Southwest 
Louisiana. “We are deeply appreciative for the commitment 
of LYB to help make this happen. This project has the ability 
to affect positive change in the lives of so many in our 
community, today and well into the future.” 
83
83

Page 84:
Advancing our communities: 
Promoting healthy lives and 
well-being for all
Employees volunteer to 
help end hunger around 
the world
In 2023, LYB celebrated our annual day of service by 
supporting World Food Day. Nearly 2,600 dedicated 
colleagues from 97 sites contributed 16,000 hours of 
work, translating to $508,000 in the value of volunteer 
hours served. LYB also donated  144,000 pounds 
(65,200 kilograms) of food to local charitable 
organizations, which benefited nearly 110,000 
individuals.
Adding to our efforts in the fight against food 
insecurity, 230 Houston employees came together to 
package 40,200 nutritious meals in collaboration with 
Rise Against Hunger, a global movement dedicated to 
ending hunger and empowering communities.
LYB provides emergency support for 
communities in crisis
An essential part of Advancing Our Communities is supporting first responders in the 
communities in which we operate. LYB is a sponsor of the Texas A&M Engineering Extension 
Service (TEEX), a global leader in industrial emergency response. We recently contributed 
$100,000 to support a new 40,000-square-foot classroom and office complex at the world-
renowned Brayton Training Field and Disaster City in College Station, Texas. The largest liquid-
fueled, live-fire training facility in the world, Brayton Fire Training Field offers training ranging 
from industrial complexes to a marine freighter and full-scale aircraft. Over 45,000 emergency 
responders train there each year. Since 2016, LYB has donated a total of $300,000 to TEEX to 
send community and municipality fire departments to specialized training.
Following a series of natural disasters across the globe in 2023, employees mobilized quickly to 
support emergency response through relief grants and matching gifts. In Turkey, LYB donated 
$106,000 and raised an additional $17,000 through 1:1 employee matching for Ahbap Platformu 
which provided shelter, food and medical supplies to those impacted by the February 
earthquake. In Italy, Coordinamento Associazioni di Volontariato della Protezione Civile received 
€300,000 for equipment, first aid, and food distributions following the catastrophic May floods. 
In September, an additional $10,000 was donated to International Medical Corps toward relief 
efforts for the earthquake in Morocco and flooding in Libya. 
In August, the Asia Pacific Islander Region (ASPIRE) employee network donated $20,000 to the 
Hawaii Community Foundation to support relief and recovery following the deadly fires in Maui. 
"As a Native Hawaiian, and a cousin to one of the survivors that lost everything, I am proud that 
ASPIRE and LYB are supporting those that have lost so much in such a short time," said Diane 
Kilpatrick-Lee, ASPIRE Programming Co-Chair. "I am profoundly grateful to my ASPIRE and LYB 
ohana (family) for their aloha in providing this donation, which will help the people of Maui to 
rebuild their homes, their community, and their lives, which is the true measure of ohana and 
the spirit of aloha."
Fifty-year milestone at LYB site in Germany benefits local community 
groups
Our Münchsmünster site celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2023. To commemorate the milestone, the site donated €70,000 to local aid organizations, focusing 
on food security, first responders, and general health. One of the recipient organizations is ELISA Familiennachsorge e.V. (ELISA), which offers family aftercare for 
seriously ill, chronically ill and cancer-stricken children. "We can't make children who are ill well again, but we can support them and their families, relieve them 
and accompany them," says Nadine Dier, Managing Director of ELISA. Other recipients are EFJ Hollerhaus gGmbH, cf-inititative-aktiv e.V., FIPS Kinderkrankenpflege 
Schiedermeier gGmbH, Förderverein Katastrophenschutz Pfaffenhofen a. d. Ilm e.V., Freiwillige Feuerwehr Münchsmünster e.V., Freiwillige Feuerwehr Schwaig e.V., 
Grundschule Münchsmünster, Stiftung Kinder-Universitätsklinik für Ostbayern (KUNO) Foundation, Schwoagara Dorfbühne Kunst und Kultur e.V., Tafel Abensberg 
e.V., Tafel Ingolstadt e.V., Verein zur Förderung krebskranker und körperbehinderter Kinder Ostbayern e.V. and Waisenhausstiftung Ingolstadt Peter-Steuart-Haus.
84
84

Page 85:
Partnership with San Jacinto College helps students 
explore careers in the petrochemical industry 
Advancing tomorrow’s workforce: 
Preparing  tomorrow's leaders
A unique career path from  
camper to engineer
LYB Polymers Production Engineer Myles Chapman’s career path began in  
2013 as an Energy Venture camper. A natural tinkerer, Myles was drawn to 
STEM-related activities from a very young age, preferring tool belts to teddy 
bears as a toddler and helping his father, a mechanical engineer, build their 
house from the ground up. Chapman was first introduced to the petrochemical 
industry and LYB, through a site field trip during camp. The following summer 
Myles continued pursuing his new interest at the pre-college Minority 
Engineering Advancement Program at Purdue University, where he ultimately 
graduated from in 2023 with a bachelor's in chemical engineering. While 
working toward his degree, Myles’s Energy Venture Camp experience helped 
open the door for two years of co-ops and internships with industry partners  
he learned about at camp. Today, hired on after his final co-op term, Myles now 
works on the same LYB unit he first visited as a student ten years ago.
“Energy Venture camp unlocked a whole new world for me to get my hands on 
as a kid, and my co-op experience with LYB helped bring my academic and professional journey 
full circle,” said Myles. “It’s important for students to keep their eyes open for and take advantage 
of these opportunities and programs at their schools and with local companies.”
At LYB, we are dedicated to creating equitable access  
to education at all levels of education with a focus on 
science, technology, engineering, and mathematics 
(STEM) and strive to empower students to explore 
careers in the petrochemical industry. LYB invests in 
training opportunities for the next generation of 
workers. One way we do this is through our ongoing 
partnership with San Jacinto College (SJC) in Pasadena, 
Texas. To date, the company has donated $350,000 to 
the college’s Promise@SanJacScholarship program, 
which provides debt-free college, covering tuition, 
books and supplies for up to three years for any student 
graduating high school within the college’s tax district. 
With a greater than 60% Hispanic student population, 
SJC is a federally designated Hispanic Serving 
Institution.
In 2023, 23 SJC graduates turned new hires were 
recognized in signing day events where their families 
and company leadership celebrated their graduation 
from the college’s LYB Center for Petrochemical,  
Energy & Technology and commemorated beginning 
their careers.
Through our partnership with SJC, we also support 
hands-on K-12 STEM programs hosted by the college. 
One of these programs, Energy Venture Camp, 
introduces middle school-age students to local industry 
career opportunities at no-cost to their families or 
schools. Students spend a week at camp performing lab 
experiments, touring behind-the-scenes of a production 
facility, and meeting with experts in the field.
LYB joins the Discovery 
Education STEM Careers 
Coalition
To help K-12 educators connect students to STEM in the U.S.,  
LYB joined the Discovery Education STEM Careers Coalition,  
which focuses on equity and access to quality education and building 
the next generation of solution-seekers. The company also helped 
found the Sustainability Education Coalition, a first of its kind initiative 
to empower K-12 students to serve as ambassadors for sustainability 
by providing the resources they need to make informed decisions and 
take responsible actions supporting sustainability. 
85
85

Page 86:
Language program in Louisiana 
school leads to bi-literacy and  
student achievement 
In Louisiana, our Latin Employees Advancing DEI (LEAD) employee network commemorated 
Hispanic Heritage Month with a $20,000 donation for an English as a Second Language 
program at Fairview Elementary School in Lake Charles, where the student population is 
nearly 60% Hispanic. The contribution will provide the school with the resources to earn the 
Louisiana State World Language Immersion Certification, which helps establish and maintain 
high-quality dual language immersion programs that lead to biliteracy, student achievement, 
positive self-esteem, and marketable skills for the global workforce.
Advancing Tomorrow’s Workforce: 
Preparing  tomorrow's leaders
LYB and Dutch professional football 
club use STEM and sport to improve 
the lives of children
Since 2020, LYB has been a strategic partner of Feyenoord, a Dutch professional 
football club known for its achievements in Dutch football and impactful 
community service initiatives in the southern region of Rotterdam. In 2023, 65 
employees volunteered as guest lecturers to engage young students in STEM 
education, life skills and future career development. As part of this community 
partnership, LYB actively contributes to Feyenoord in four key areas and has 
dedicated 300 volunteer hours.  
Club 1908: Enhances STEM education for primary school students, with 641 
participants last season. 
Zuidblinkers: Fosters career development and life skills for youth aged 12-30. 
Street League: Sponsors an engaging football tournament that had 324 
participants from the region of south Rotterdam. 
Technasium: Ignites innovation through a competition promoting healthy 
lifestyles. 
Research from the Impact Center Erasmus shows that Feyenoord Street League 
ensures connection among participants. Participants of the Feyenoord Street 
League have better mutual relationships after the season 2022-2023.  
In addition, they have a high intrinsic motivation to play sports throughout the 
year and a lot of bond and trust with the team. 
In 2023, we increased our involvement in Feyenoord’s grassroots initiatives. 
During a Christmas dinner for vulnerable families from the south of Rotterdam, we 
gave 175 STEM-focused toys to children aged 8-12. Our goal  
is to make learning STEM fun and inspiring. Our colleagues took the time to  
wrap each gift with care before personally handing them to every child.
86
86

Page 87:
Impact by the numbers
2020 2021 2022 2023
Numbers of grants requested 900  1,279  1,808  1,222 
Total in-kind donations  $280,041  $296,580  $272,955  $424,470 
Employee matching gifts $417,000  $541,441 $907,615 $614,447 
Number of volunteer hours  6,000  10,600  23,286  21,268 
Value of volunteer hours $171,240 $302,524 $740,495 $676,322
Employee networks contributions  $106,746  $623,088
Pieces of electronic equipment recycled through 
Compudopt  1,266  1,369  1,260  1,927 
Value of in-kind donation of electronic equipment $274,266    $296,580  $272,955  $417,470 
Emergency relief and first responder support  $1,490,170   $993,431  $721,271  $862,498 
Total financial contributions $10,827,676 $10,556,945 $10,213,826 $13,284,391
Total giving $11,278,957  $11,156,049  $11,227,276  $14,385,183
1,300
 # of community 
investments
21,300
volunteer hours
$630,000
in total community  
investments by  
Employee Networks
$500,000
in Disaster Resilience
Giving
$450,000
United Way corporate 
match total
$14.4 MM
in total community investments
*Financially, in-kind and  
total value of employee  
volunteered hours
87
87

Page 88:
Governance
88
88

Page 89:
We have a steadfast commitment to 
doing business in an ethical and 
responsible manner. This value is 
reflected in our Code of Conduct, 
Financial Code of Ethics, Corporate 
Governance Guidelines and 
participation in the UN Global 
Compact.
Board structure and independence
Our Board is responsible for general oversight of our 
management team and the overall course of affairs of LYB. 
The Board is comprised of 11 independent directors and our 
CEO. The Board, acting in the interests of LYB and taking into 
account the relevant interests of our stakeholders, supervises 
and advises our CEO and other executives in managing the 
day-to-day affairs of the company and setting the direction of 
the company’s business. Major management decisions and 
strategy are discussed with and approved by the Board.
Our goal is to have a Board that provides effective oversight 
of the company through the appropriate balance of 
experience, expertise, skills, competencies, specialized 
knowledge, and other qualifications and attributes. Our Board 
is led by an independent Chair, Jacques Aigrain.
Board Diversity Policy, gender 
diversity data, tenure, experience
As outlined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our 
Board considers diversity a priority and seeks representation 
across a range of attributes, including gender, race, ethnicity, 
nationality, background and expertise. Our Board remains 
committed to appointing at least one-third female directors,  
alongside continued focus on increasing the racial and ethnic 
diversity of the Board. 
For more information about our 2023 Board including director 
independence, tenure and diversity, refer to our 2024 Proxy 
Statement, pages 7-19.
Board oversight of sustainability
Our Board is committed to sustainability, social 
responsibility, and good corporate governance and 
delegates oversight to its committees.
Our HSE&S Committee oversees risks and opportunities 
related to safety, sustainability and climate change. 
Management reports on key sustainability and climate topics 
and initiatives at each regularly scheduled HSE&S 
Committee meeting, and the Board participates in a session 
on sustainability strategy and actions at least annually. 
During the Board’s annual strategy meeting in July 2023, the 
Board reviewed the company’s strategy, progress, and 
programs related to its goals on sustainability, climate and 
the circular economy. The HSE&S Committee reviewed 
updates to the company’s ESG dashboard, which 
summarizes key environmental, social and governance 
metrics and activities, at each of its four regularly scheduled 
meetings. The Committee reviews and approves this report. 
The specific responsibilities of the HSE&S Committee are 
summarized below. 
• HSE: Review and monitor the company’s health, safety, 
environmental and climate policies and performance 
results, including processes to ensure compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations; review with management 
environment, health, safety, and product stewardship 
issues that can have a material impact on the company; 
and review the status of related policies, programs, and 
practices.
Governance
89
89

Page 90:
Management oversight of 
sustainability
At the management level, our CEO oversees the company’s 
ESG profile through regular reporting and discussion on key 
topics and initiatives among members of his Executive 
Committee, comprised of senior executives that lead 
businesses and functions. ESG matters impact, and are 
impacted by, all of our operations, with each function 
playing a role in identifying relevant opportunities, managing 
associated risks, and contributing to our overall 
sustainability program. The Executive Committee includes, 
among others, our Executive Vice President, Sustainability 
and Corporate Affairs, with responsibility for sustainability 
strategy and ESG reporting, our Executive Vice President, 
CLCS, who is building and leading a scalable, circular and 
low-carbon solutions business, and our Executive Vice 
President, Operational Excellence and HSE, who is 
responsible for the execution of our plans to reach our 
interim and long term scopes 1 and 2 targets. Our Executive 
Committee meets regularly to review strategies, policies and 
• Sustainability: Provide oversight of the company’s 
sustainability programs, initiatives, and activities; review 
with management relevant sustainability risks and trends; 
and monitor the company’s progress on sustainability 
targets, ambitions, and reporting.
• Audit: Review and approve the scope of the company’s 
health, safety, and environmental audit program; regularly 
monitor audit program results; and review and approve 
the annual budget for the health, safety, and 
environmental audit program.
The Compensation and Talent Development Committee 
oversees our talent management and DEI programs, among 
other responsibilities. 
Climate change risk management
The Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) organization, led by 
our General Counsel, is responsible for defining our overall 
risk profile and overseeing our risk management programs. 
Our ERM team aims to integrate a forward-thinking risk 
culture into every level of our organization by providing 
actionable risk management insights to leadership and 
equipping employees and management with tailored 
frameworks, tools, and processes to address significant 
threats and opportunities.
In 2023, our ERM function focused on four strategic 
priorities: (1) enterprise level risks, (2) departmental risks, (3) 
climate change risk management, and (4) building risk 
management capabilities.
Climate change risks include both physical risks stemming 
from the direct impact of climate change on the 
environment and our assets and operations, and transition 
risks and opportunities that arise from the global shift 
toward a lower carbon and more sustainable economy. A 
multi-disciplinary team led by ERM identifies and assesses 
climate-related risk exposures throughout LYB and our 
extended supply chain. We address specific climate-related 
risks through structured response plans, which are shared 
with our Sustainability Council Committee, with input and 
alignment from the Executive Committee and the HSE&S 
Committee of the Board. We utilize the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework to 
guide our approach to reporting and disclosure, 
underscoring our commitment to transparency.
risks related to sustainability and ESG topics, including 
climate-related topics. The Vice President and CSO is 
responsible for the management of sustainability programs, 
strategy, and reporting, and is supported by a global group 
of dedicated employees. This group collaborates with 
leaders across the organization, including the members of 
the Executive Committee and the Net Zero Transition team, 
to bring together the functional expertise and skills needed 
to achieve our sustainability and ESG objectives.
The Sustainability Council and Net 
Zero Transition team
The Executive Committee is supported by the Sustainability 
Council, which was formed in 2023 and provides guidance 
in all matters related to sustainability, including on climate-
related matters. The Net Zero Transition team, established in 
2022, and reporting to our Executive Vice President of 
Operational Excellence and HSE, is responsible for the 
execution of our plans to reach our interim and long-term 
scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emission reduction goals. 
Progress against our scope 3 target is under the oversight of 
our Global Sustainability Team, working closely with internal 
stakeholders across the organization including with our 
business segments, procurement, and supply chain.
Since 2022, sustainability has been factored into our 
short-term incentive program for our CEO, Executive 
Committee and employees. 
Compensation tied to ESG metrics
To underscore our commitment to safety, accountability and 
timely delivery of our climate and circularity goals, ESG 
performance accounts for 30% of the total payout under the 
company’s short-term incentive program (20% Safety and 
10% Sustainability).
1.  Production and marketing include: (i) joint venture production marketed by LYB plus our pro rata share of our ownership interest of the remaining production produced and marketed by 
the joint venture, and (ii) production via third-party tolling arrangements.
60%
Business
results -
EBITDA
20%
Safety
10%
Sustainability
10%
Value creation
Goal Result
Operate in a safe, reliable manner to protect our employees, our 
assets, and the communities in which we operate. 
Achieved a total recordable injury rate of 0.14 and process safety 
total incident rate of 0.035. Details of our safety performance are 
on pages 51-54.
Execute power purchase agreements with cumulative value 
from January 1, 2022 of 700 gigawatt (GW) of renewable energy 
capacity.
Signed PPAs with a combined renewable energy capacity of 1,041 
GW. A discussion of our 2030 renewable electricity goal is on 
page 31.
Progress energy efficiency projects to improve energy efficiency 
by 1%. Completed projects improving energy efficiency by 1.1%. 
Produce and market 150kt of recycled and renewable-based 
polymers.1
Produced and marketed: 123kt of recycled and renewable-based 
polymers1. An overview of our CLCS business unit and Circulen 
products is on pages 14-26. 
2023 sustainability metrics tied to our short-term incentive compensation program:
90
90

Page 91:
Ethics and integrity
LYB upholds high ethical standards 
and is committed to complying 
with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Our Compliance Department is governed by a written 
charter and led by our Chief Compliance Officer (CCO), who 
has a direct reporting relationship to the LYB Audit 
Committee, the CEO and the General Counsel. The CCO 
discusses the compliance program with the Audit 
Committee at each of its quarterly meetings, including 
details on training, metrics and risk assessments. We 
conduct global anti-corruption, antitrust/competition law 
and trade sanctions compliance risk assessments at least 
once every three years with the most recent concluded in 
2022. Additionally, our Audit Committee oversees periodic 
reviews of the Compliance function and its effectiveness, 
which are conducted by external law firms as well as the 
company’s internal audit function. The most recent 
assessment of our Compliance function was conducted  
in 2022.
Code of Conduct
Our Code of Conduct sets out our expectations on topics 
such as respecting fellow employees, anti-corruption, 
conflicts of interest, trade compliance, antitrust and 
competition law, insider trading, sanctions, misconduct and 
political donations. Our Code of Conduct can be found on 
our website at www.lyb.com in 17 languages. We take steps 
to ensure it is fully explained through annual trainings and 
other internal communications. In addition to the Code of 
Conduct, our CEO, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer must 
also adhere to an additional Financial Code of Ethics.
Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines our health,  
safety, environmental, social, governance and ethical 
expectations for those with whom we do business. We utilize 
the globally recognized EcoVadis platform to better 
understand our suppliers’ sustainability performance.
Mechanisms for concerns
We encourage employees to speak up if they have concerns 
about violations of company policies or the law by reporting 
the issue to their supervisor or manager, People and Culture 
representative or any member of the Legal or Compliance 
Department. We also offer an independent whistleblower 
telephone helpline and website, which is available 24 hours a 
day and in multiple languages to all employees and 
stakeholders. It is operated by EthicsPoint, a company 
providing third-party reporting for many global companies. 
As provided in both our Code of Conduct and our European 
Union Whistleblower Policy, LYB prohibits retaliation against 
people raising concerns and investigates any allegation that 
such retaliation has occurred. 
In 2023, we received a total of 172 reports through 
EthicsPoint, a 23% increase over the prior year. Of the 
EthicsPoint reports received, 72% were anonymous. Each 
report which alleges behavior that, if true, would constitute 
a violation of law or company policy is fully investigated and 
documented with a written report of the investigation, 
conclusion and remedial action if any is warranted. Of the 
allegations received in 2023 and closed as of February 12, 
2024, 17% were substantiated, 26% were partially 
substantiated, 38% were unsubstantiated, 8% are in process, 
6% had no violation of company policy/law identified, and 
5% were not investigated due to insufficient information.
An overview of all investigated matters is presented to the 
company’s Audit Committee at its quarterly meetings. 
Reports involving the CEO or his direct reports, the General 
Auditor, or the CCO must be reported immediately to the 
Audit Committee for review and appropriate action. 
Conflicts of interest
The company has a Related Party Transaction Approval 
Policy requiring Audit Committee approval of certain 
transactions between the company and related parties. In 
reviewing each transaction, the Audit Committee considers, 
among other factors, whether the terms of the transaction 
are fair to the company and whether the transaction would 
present an improper conflict of interest for any director or 
executive officer of the company. During 2023, all 
transactions requiring approval under the policy were 
reviewed and approved by the Committee. The company 
also has a Conflicts of Interest Policy that governs the 
approval process for relationships of officers, directors and 
employees, that might conflict, or appear to conflict with the 
best interests of the company. For more information on 
Related Party Transactions, refer to our 2024 Proxy 
Statement, pages 88.
We also uphold policies related to, among other things, 
political contributions and international business 
transactions. We periodically update these policies and 
develop new policies according to emerging topics or risks 
as they arise.
Training on the Code of Conduct  
and compliance policies
All employees are required to complete training on the Code 
of Conduct annually and must acknowledge they have read 
and understand the Code. In 2023, 100% of employees 
received, and 99.5% completed the training. In past years, 
approximately 2,200 select contractors received training 
based on their location, job function and access to sensitive 
company information. In 2023, we expanded the population 
to approximately 5,800 contractors. In 2023, approximately 
70% of the assigned contractors completed the training. 
 
The company has established additional compliance 
policies, forms and procedures related to anti-bribery and 
corruption, antitrust/competition law and international 
trade/sanctions. These policies and procedures are routinely 
reviewed and updated as necessary and made available to 
all employees in multiple languages. Excluding Code of 
Conduct training, in 2023, approximately 25% of employees 
received and completed web-based, virtual or in-person 
training on targeted ethics and compliance issues including 
anti-corruption, conflicts of interest, trade compliance and 
antitrust. 
 
In addition to annual training on the Code of Conduct, in the 
fourth quarter of 2023, approximately 2,000 employees 
– based upon location and position – were required to certify 
compliance with the Code of Conduct by completing the 
2023 Annual Code of Conduct Certification. The certification 
includes questions about compliance with our:
• Conflicts of Interest Policy
• Trade compliance efforts
• Anti-corruption and anti-money laundering efforts
• Antitrust/Competition Law Policy 
Responses to the questions were reviewed on a case-by-
case basis, and investigations were conducted into any 
alleged noncompliance. 
91
91

Page 92:
approximately 4,900 employees each year, including all 
executive, management and selected additional employees 
depending on relevant job functions. The training is available 
in 17 languages, and annual completion rates have 
historically been 100%, with 2023 being no exception.
Additionally, the Compliance Department delivers quarterly, 
web-based awareness videos to selected employees on a 
variety of topics including conflicts of interests, bribery and 
corruption, and gifts and entertainment. For our joint 
ventures identified as higher risk, the company works to 
maintain an ongoing dialogue regarding compliance with 
anticorruption laws and has provided targeted informational 
training to joint venture employees on best practices for 
compliance, as well as LYB policies and procedures.
Anti-competitive behavior
We  avoid any agreements with other companies that limit 
competition in the marketplace. This policy applies to all 
persons and entities acting for or on behalf of LYB, including 
but not limited to our employees. For more information, refer 
to our Antitrust/Competition Law Policy.
The LYB Compliance Department conducts annual antitrust/
competition law training for approximately 2,000 
employees, with a 100% completion rate. Employees 
completing the training are selected based on their role 
within the company and potential antitrust risks related to 
their function. The training is available in 16 languages and 
covers key concepts such as the need to avoid the improper 
exchange of commercially sensitive information with 
competitors, and antitrust/ competition law offenses, such 
as price fixing and market allocation. 
The Compliance Department’s standard annual live 
compliance training program for new and existing 
employees includes modules dedicated to antitrust/
competition law compliance. Additional, specialized live 
trainings are provided from time to time to address specific 
antitrust risks.
Anti-corruption
With a focus on behaving ethically and operating with 
integrity, LYB views compliance with all applicable laws as 
the responsibility of all employees and others with whom we 
do business. Our Anti-Corruption Policy makes clear our 
commitment to detecting and preventing corruption by our 
employees and those acting on our behalf.
Operations assessed for risks related 
to corruption
We utilize the Resource Guide to the Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act published by the U.S. Department of Justice 
and the Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.K. 
Bribery Act Guidance, various guidance provided in the U.S. 
Department of Justice settlement documents and Evaluation 
of Corporate Compliance Programs, published by the U.S. 
Department of Justice Criminal Division along with the 
Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index 
and other guidance from jurisdictions where we operate to 
assess risks related to corruption. We periodically conduct 
internal and external audits of the books and records of our 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliates to ensure 
compliance with the anti-corruption, anti-bribery and 
commercial bribery laws.
LYB has an established due diligence policy for certain 
third-party relationships including joint venture partners, 
international representatives, distributors, resellers/traders 
and technology licensing projects. Corresponding due 
diligence or risk mitigation procedures are based on the 
type of service provided and risk footprint. As part of our 
trade control processes, we also check whether persons, 
companies or organizations appear on sanctions lists, and 
whether there are business processes with business partners 
from or in countries under embargo.
Communication and training on  
anti-corruption
In addition to the ethics and compliance training all 
employees are required to complete annually, which 
addresses anti-corruption policies and procedures, the 
company also provides tailored anticorruption training to 
In 2023, LYB had no legal actions pending or completed regarding anticompetitive behavior, violations of antitrust, or 
monopoly legislation in which the company was identified as a participant.
Concerns reported 
Concerns about ethics 2022 2023
Concerns reported
Discrimination (harassment and retaliation) 52 61
Misconduct or inappropriate behavior 26 43
Conflict of interest 15 13
Environmental protection, health or safety 5 10
Accounting and auditing 5 5
Embezzlement and theft 2 5
Violence or threat 3 5
Anti-bribery 0 4
Substance abuse 3 3
Antitrust/Competition law activity 0 1
Confidentiality and misappropriation 0 1
Financial issues 3 1
Privacy and IS Security 0 1
Computer, e-mail and internet use 2 0
Covid 19-related concerns 4 0
Other 20 19
Total 140 172
Investigations by region
U.S. 85 103
Latin America (including Mexico) 6 28
Asia Pacific 19 18
Europe 21 16
Middle East & Africa 9 7
Total 140 172
2022 2023
Disciplinary actions
Counseling 16 31
Procedure changed 0 14
Policy/Process review 0 7
Training 6 6
Disciplined 0 7
Warning 7 5
Referred to other department 0 2
Referred to third party (vendor or contractor) 0 1
Third-party relationship terminated 2 0
Performance improvement plan 1 0
Termination 5 16
Total 37 89
The table shows concerns reported through EthicsPoint, an independent whistleblower 
telephone helpline and website, which is available 24 hours a day and in multiple languages 
to all employees and stakeholders.
92
92

Page 93:
Stakeholder Group Type of Engagement
Customers
In 2022, we formed the Customer and Commercial Excellence group to enhance our customer focus and 
ensure the customer’s experience from beginning to end is consistent in quality, service, and innovation. We 
engage regularly with customers to improve our products, respond to their needs and support sustainability 
commitments along the value chain. We also use customer surveys as a feedback mechanism. Our sales 
representatives and technical experts work closely with customers to address concerns and provide product 
stewardship information. According to their requirements, customers visit our manufacturing sites to review 
our operations and observe our compliance with international standards.
Employees
We receive input from our employees in many ways, including through the MyVoice biennial employee 
engagement survey and our employee networks. Employee-wide communications include regular news 
updates on our intranet site and a weekly global employee newsletter, quarterly newsletters at the major 
manufacturing sites, social media updates and access to an employee mobile app. We also receive employee 
input through representatives of our business units and employee networks. Our Employee & Labor Relations 
group within the People and Culture department also receives employee feedback or concerns. In addition 
to contacting management or People and Culture, employees can anonymously report concerns at any time 
through EthicsPoint, our third-party ethics helpline.
Government and 
regulators
We communicate with government, legislative and regulatory officials through issue-specific meetings, 
industry events and visits to our sites. We respond to public consultations to provide input and share 
expertise on future legislation or regulation.
Industry associations
We regularly collaborate with industry and value chain partners. We belong to more than 170 industry 
associations worldwide, most of which are in the U.S. and Europe. Senior executives and more than 400 
employees participate in industry association boards, committees and working groups.
Investors and 
shareholders
Engagement with shareholders occurs in one-on-one meetings and calls with shareholder representatives, at 
our annual general meeting of shareholders, and through our regular participation in industry conferences, 
investor road shows, and analyst meetings. Throughout the year, we discussed the company’s strategy and 
environmental, social, and governance profile with multiple investors and engaged with their questions or 
concerns on these and other topics. Our Chief Sustainability Officer regularly joins meetings to discuss our 
climate and sustainability ambitions. In addition, our independent Board Chair has joined these discussions 
when requested. Management updates the Board regularly on conversations with shareholders and feedback 
received. We are committed to remaining proactive in our engagement efforts and shareholder outreach.
Local communities
We regularly meet with community members to share information about our activities, and listen to their 
concerns and feedback. Community leaders, elected officials and the public are invited periodically to tour 
our sites. Additionally, 15 of our manufacturing sites have formal Community Advisory Panels or Community 
Action Committees. These groups represent a cross-section of the community, including local residents living 
in neighborhoods near our sites and facilities, industry peers, local academia and healthcare, and business and 
civic leaders. We also participate in multiple associations across the U.S., including economic development 
corporations, environmental councils, local emergency planning committees and mutual aid organizations. 
Non-governmental 
organizations
We regularly engage with NGOs. These engagements take place through discussions with senior leaders, as 
well as through coalitions that bring together stakeholders on sustainability topics that  
we advance.
Suppliers
At our manufacturing sites, we regularly engage with our suppliers to achieve our GoalZERO ambitions, with 
a particular focus on people, product and process safety. Our Global Sustainable Procurement program seeks 
to accelerate environmental and social improvements in our supply chain and industry.
Industry 
associations
LYB is a member of industry associations that provide a 
venue for chemical, plastic and refining companies to lend 
our voices to issues impacting our industry. While we may 
not completely agree with every position taken by an 
association or its members, corporate memberships enable 
us to voice our support, concerns, perspectives and 
positions on proposed legislation and regulations. We also 
participate in a variety of issue advocacy coalitions and 
alliances that seek to advance policy proposals focused on 
key priorities for the chemical, plastic and refining industries 
and our company.
We regularly review our memberships in coalitions, alliances 
and trade associations to assess their business value and 
alignment with our policies and priorities. The Vice President 
of Government Relations has oversight of our memberships 
in trade associations. The following is a list of our most 
significant membership associations:
• American Chemistry Council
• American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers
• Business Europe
• The European Chemistry Industry Council (Cefic)
• China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Association
• European Petrochemical Association
• International Council of Chemical Associations
• National Association of Manufacturers
• Plastics Europe
• Plastics Industry Association (U.S.)
• World Plastics Council
Stakeholder 
engagement
We recognize the vital role that stakeholders play in our 
business operations and the  importance of fostering positive, 
collaborative relationships with them. We engage daily with  
stakeholders globally covering a wide variety of topics and 
issues. We know that our stakeholders have a broad range of 
interests, and we strive to seek their input, listen to their 
perspectives and expertise, and prioritize and integrate their 
feedback in a strategic and sustainable manner. LYB believes 
that systematically engaging with stakeholders will allow us  
to better understand, address, and manage stakeholder 
expectations, interests and concerns, identify emerging 
trends and opportunities; gather external input and expertise 
to inform strategy, promote innovation and collaboration on 
solutions to challenges; increase transparency; discover and 
reduce risk; efficiently allocate resources; and better serve 
our stakeholders.
On an ongoing basis, LYB receives feedback from 
stakeholders in a variety of ways, including investor events, 
telephone and in-person conversations, employee discussions 
and surveys, customer discussions and surveys, community 
and local engagements, and social media interactions.
We are committed to open and two-way communication with 
our stakeholders. We actively seek and listen to feedback, 
concerns, and suggestions from our stakeholders. The 
method and frequency of engagement with our stakeholders 
may change according to their needs and priorities.1
In 2023, our Board adopted a Stakeholder Engagement Policy, 
which is available on our website, to outline our values and 
approach to stakeholder engagement, including 
shareholders.
1. In line with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, it is up to the discretion of the 
management of LYB to determine on a case-by-case basis whom to enter into dialogue with 
and in which form.
93
93

Page 94:
Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW)
We have been a founding member of the AEPW, since its 
inception in 2019, and we remain invested in the collective 
goal to address the challenge of plastic waste in the 
environment. In 2023, we refocused our commitment to 
AEPW through more active participation in workstreams in 
areas of digital innovation, circularity, plastic recycling and 
waste management projects. 
In 2023, we also committed to participating in one of the 
Alliance’s projects in the Bersih Indonesia: Eliminasi Sampah 
Plastik, or Berish Indonesia: Elimination of Plastic Waste, 
program. This public-private-people partnership aims to 
develop effective, replicable and commercially viable waste 
management systems in underserved communities and help 
to end plastic waste in Indonesia. During 2024 LYB will 
support the clean-up of the Tumpang region, one of the 
larger areas in the Malang Recency, including 43 target areas 
with the aim to divert around four kilotons of plastic waste 
from the environment. 
Ocean Plastic Leadership Network (OPLN)
Founded in 2019, the OPLN brings together a diverse group 
of NGO, industry, and brand stakeholders (90+) with the aim 
to build capacity for collaboration and deepen the 
understanding of each other's positions to accelerate 
progress on action plans, especially around the 
development of the Global Plastics Treaty. 
In 2023 LYB was invited to join the Stewardship Committee 
of the OPLN’s Progressive Advanced Recycling Forum. This 
Stewardship Committee was established to co-create a set 
of Responsible Production Guidelines for Progressive 
Engagement with value chain stakeholders 
We aim to become an influential leader in addressing plastic waste and taking climate action. Collaboration across and 
beyond our industry and value chain is essential for us to realize our ambition and achieve our sustainability goals. This 
is why we are participating in strategic alliances that can accelerate solutions to challenges we face as an industry and 
as a society.
Advanced/Chemical Recycling to address important 
performance metrics on environmental protection, 
environmental justice, circularity and the waste hierarchy, 
operational transparency, and complementarity to 
mechanical recycling. These guidelines will be shared with 
policymakers, regulators, market stakeholders, and NGOs 
with a particular focus on contributing to the ongoing 
negotiations for the Global Plastics Treaty. 
Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi)
The SBTi is developing a chemical sector-specific standard 
for defining science-based climate targets. Along with 
several industry peers, LYB is a member of the SBTi Expert 
Advisory Group (EAG) to support this development and 
provide input and feedback on this standard. This standard 
is expected to be published in 2024.
Together for Sustainability (TfS)
As an active member of TfS since 2022, we participate in 
different initiatives to address scope 3 emissions and 
promote collaboration across the value chain. This effort 
particularly focuses on our collaboration with suppliers to 
improve our overall understanding of the emission footprint 
of our procured goods. We use TfS' Product Carbon 
Footprint (PCF) guidance to calculate chemical sector PCF's 
and scope 3 emissions. Through TfS we support the 
development of a platform to enable the exchange of PCF 
data between companies and their suppliers. TfS's initiatives 
are important to us to build on our relationships with our 
suppliers and reduce the GHG footprint of our feedstocks 
and raw materials. For more information on our engagement 
through TfS, refer to Sustainable Procurement on pages 
74-77 of this report. 
World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
(WBCSD) 
In 2023, LYB became an active member of the WBCSD, a 
CEO-led organization which brings together leading 
businesses to form a global community supporting 
collective business action on climate change, restoring 
nature and tackling inequality. LYB is participating in the 
Circular Products and Materials, Redefining Value, Climate 
Action, Nature Action and Equity Action pathways. These 
workstreams aim to enable collaboration on relevant 
topics, such as those related to scope 3, plastic packaging 
and a climate-related corporate performance and 
accountability system.
World Economic Forum (WEF)
LYB has been a member of the WEF since 2022, when we 
joined the their Low Carbon Emitting Technologies working 
group. In 2023, this group became an independent entity 
called the Global Impact Coalition. This coalition focuses 
on accelerating the development and upscaling of low-
carbon emitting technologies in chemical production and 
related value chains. Ideation workshops have been held 
among members and the first projects are being prepared 
for initiation.
94
94

Page 95:
We use materiality assessments to help 
define the environmental, social and 
governance topics that matter most to 
our business and stakeholders.
Our approach to conducting materiality assessments and 
determining material topics for sustainability reporting is based 
on voluntary frameworks and best practices, which includes 
extensive stakeholder feedback. Our assessment is based on a 
double materiality approach: We evaluate risks and opportunities 
that could influence our financial performance and long-term 
enterprise value (financial materiality), and the ways in which we 
could impact the economy, environment and society (impact 
materiality) in the short, medium and long term.
Our last materiality assessment was conducted in 2022. We 
engaged with employees, investors, key suppliers, customers 
and peers, and with local community members and non-
governmental organizations (NGOs).
Based on this assessment, LYB considers GHG emissions and 
climate change management (physical and transitional); product 
design and lifecycle management; ethical corporate behavior; 
harmful substances management; employee health, safety and 
well-being; product and service quality; and safety of customers 
and end consumers to be the top issues that have the greatest 
impact on LYB and where LYB has the greatest impact on society 
and the environment. These topics are aligned with our strategic 
objectives, sustainability goals, and our Code of Conduct. 
Interconnectivity of our material topics to our company strategy 
and performance demonstrates an understanding of impact on 
LYB and on the society and environment in which we operate. 
We set appropriate targets to measure performance and 
implemented processes to report on our progress.
The results of our materiality assessment and determination of 
our material topics are reviewed by the Sustainability, Legal and 
Finance teams, as well as the Executive Committee and the LYB 
Board of Directors.
Materiality
Importance
Impact materiality  Financial materiality
 Very high High Medium  Medium High Very High
 GHG emissions 
 Product design and lifecycle management 
 Ethical corporate behavior 
 Harmful substances management 
 Climate change risks & management 
 Employee health, safety & wellbeing 
 Product & service safety & quality 
 Water & wastewater management 
 Waste management 
 Innovation & technology 
 Sustainable sourcing 
 Air emissions 
 Natural capital 
 Transparency 
 Workforce management 
 Employee diversity & inclusion 
 Community relations 
 Governance structures & mechanisms 
 Labor practices 
 Human rights 
 Customer privacy & data security 
Materiality assessment results
Representation of results based on a combined score of impact materiality and financial materiality in order of importance
95
95

Page 96:
We support foodbanks in the communities where 
we operate through monetary donations, food 
collection drives and employee volunteerism.
We work every day to protect the health and safety 
of our employees, contractors and the 
communities where we operate.
We are committed to educating and training our 
current and future workforce. Our business is 
driven by the next generation of Science, 
Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) 
professionals. 
We aim to achieve gender parity in senior 
leadership roles globally by 2032, and increase the 
number of women senior leaders by 50% globally 
in the next five years. 
We strive to optimize energy consumption in our 
operations by reducing resource use and GHG 
emissions. We are working to increase our use of 
renewable energy. 
We believe in integrity, diversity and fairness, and a 
work environment that is safe, respectful and 
inspires employees to strive for excellence. 
We aim to increase the number of people from 
underrepresented groups in U.S. senior leadership 
roles. We are committed to fairness in our pay 
practices.
We believe transitioning to a circular economy will 
enable a more sustainable future. We are investing 
in mechanical and advanced recycling to make 
plastics a recoverable resource.
We are working to reduce our GHG emissions 
and deliver solutions which advance our 
customer’s climate ambitions and support the 
transition to a low carbon economy.
We are committed to helping end plastic waste in 
the environment and advancing a circular 
economy.
We are collaborating with our value chain partners 
on projects to reach the scale and impact needed 
to address global challenges.
The United Nations (UN) Global Compact aims to 
mobilize a global movement of sustainable companies 
and stakeholders. The UN Global Compact encourages 
companies to conduct business responsibly by aligning 
strategies and operations with Ten Principles on  
human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption. 
LYB joined in 2020. The UN Global Compact also 
encourages companies to advance broader societal 
goals such as the 17 UN Sustainable Development Goals 
(UN SDGs), which serve as a call for action to tackle 
global challenges by 2030. Alignment of our 
sustainability strategy with the UN SDGs is detailed  
in the following list. 
United Nations 
framework
96
96

Page 97:
Public policy
We believe active participation in the political process is essential to our long-term success. We advance our public policy 
agenda through direct lobbying, involvement in various trade associations and the LYB Political Action Committee (LYB PAC). 
Transparency and accountability are embedded into our public policy, political spending and lobbying actions. The company 
maintains policies and procedures consistent with our Code of Conduct that support continued compliance with applicable 
political laws and regulations. Our engagement, including public policy advocacy directly and through trade associations, is 
subject to oversight by LYB senior management and our CEO. In addition, the LYB PAC Board is responsible for the 
management of all PAC activities, including the approval of all PAC distributions.
Political contributions
LYB does not make direct political contributions to political parties or candidates using company resources (including 
monetary and in-kind services), even where permitted by law. All political contributions are made solely through the LYB PAC, 
which is funded voluntarily by employees. All financial contributions strictly adhere to federal and state laws regarding 
contribution limits on amount and source, criteria and reporting requirements. LYB refrains from making political 
contributions in any country other than the United States. All political contributions are made without regard to the personal 
political affiliations or views of any individual LYB employee at any level across the organization.
Public policy and advocacy
Our advocacy activities are directed toward advancing LYB business interests, to foster the protection and advancement of 
strong petrochemical and refining industries and not the personal political preferences of our executives or employees. 
Contributions are based upon advancing our business goals in a broad range of public policies.
For information on our public policy and advocacy activities, refer to our website at www.lyb.com under Public Policy & 
Political Engagement. We disclose details of our U.S. political contributions in our annual U.S. Political Activity Report which 
may also be found on our website. LYB is assessed annually by the Center for Political Accountability (CPA) and in 2022 
received a First Tier score on CPA's Zicklin Index, which measures transparency and accountability in corporate political 
spending.
Ending plastic waste
Effective public policies are essential to address the plastic 
waste challenge and advance a circular economy. We 
support legislation and policy to:
• Advance waste management systems, infrastructure and 
recycling standards
• Increase the reuse and recycling of plastic
• Support the introduction of new recycling technologies 
needed to complement existing mechanical recycling 
technologies
• Strengthen demand for recycled plastics
• Promote the use of renewable-based plastics
• Inform consumers and incentivize responsible consumer 
behavior to recycle and reduce plastic waste
Taking climate action
We are committed to disclosing our approach to climate 
advocacy including detailing our climate policy positions, 
setting out our approach to participating in trade 
associations, and publishing review and evaluation of trade 
association alignment with our climate policy positions. 
We support legislation and public policy to:
Encourage the development of affordable and reliable low 
carbon energy needed to support industrial operations 
through various incentives that reward investment in carbon-
reducing technologies and support the development of 
needed infrastructure.
Promote advances to develop carbon capture and storage 
infrastructure at the scale required to enable the storage of 
GHG emissions, which are technically unavoidable today, or 
where the solution involves excessively high economic or 
social costs.
Promote significant increases in renewable electricity 
production and grid capacity upgrades needed to support 
the high electricity demand tied to the electrification of 
processes.
LYB PAC political contributions 2020 2021 2022 2023
Value of contributions 
($ thousands) 129.5 85.5 128.5 104.0
Dues paid to industry associations are not included. No in-kind political contributions were made. The company discloses its U.S. federal, state and local lobbying activity and expenditures 
as required by law.
Encourage further development of affordable, reliable 
renewable energy and baseload generation from other 
non-emitting sources.
Accelerate the development of emerging technologies that 
enable the reduction of emissions from carbon intensive, 
large scale manufacturing needs, including processes and 
adjacent infrastructure to enable cost effective use of CO2 
at scale for the production of higher value chemicals.
Our first Climate Advocacy Report was published in May 
2023, and describes our approach to climate advocacy, 
including climate policy positions, approach to 
participating in trade associations, and review and 
evaluation of trade association alignment with our climate 
policy positions. 
UN Global Plastics Agreement
In 2022, Heads of State, Ministers of Environment, and 
other representatives from UN Member States endorsed 
a resolution at the UN Environment Assembly (UNEA-5) 
to End Plastic Pollution and create an international 
legally binding agreement. The resolution addresses the 
full lifecycle of plastic, including its production, design, 
and disposal.
LYB supports governments’ ambition to eliminate 
additional plastic pollution by 2040. To achieve this, we 
need to accelerate a circular economy in which plastic 
products and packaging are sustainably reused or 
recycled instead of being discarded, enabled by a global 
agreement that unlocks industry innovation and global 
investment in plastics circularity. 
The LYB Position on the UN Global Plastics Agreement 
details what we believe the agreement should 
accomplish and may be found on our website at  
www.lyb.com.
97
97

Page 98:
Tax
We recognize the economic 
importance of taxes to our 
communities and are committed  
to fulfilling our corporate obligations 
to the communities in which we 
operate. 
In doing so, we pay significant taxes, including income 
taxes, sales taxes, value added taxes, excise taxes, payroll 
taxes, property taxes and other taxes and duties, to local, 
state, and national governments around the globe.
More information on income taxes can be found in our 2023 
Form 10-K, pages 116-121.
Our approach
In parallel with our obligations to our communities, we have 
an obligation to our shareholders and other stakeholders to 
effectively manage our tax affairs in order to achieve the 
company's capital structure and investment objectives and 
deliver sustainable and profitable long-term growth. In order 
to fulfill our obligations, we have developed three tenets, as 
follows, which are the foundation for our tax strategy and 
governance framework. 
• We are committed to complying with all applicable laws, 
rules, regulations, and reporting and disclosure 
requirements related to our business presence and 
transactions
• We have a fiduciary obligation and commitment to our 
shareholders to structure our affairs in a tax efficient 
manner to maximize shareholder value within the bounds 
of the law
• We are committed to acting with transparency, integrity 
and respect toward our stakeholders about tax matters 
Tax strategy and governance 
framework
Our tax strategy and governance is ultimately the 
responsibility of the CFO and Senior Vice President of Tax 
and supported by their direct and indirect reports, and other 
senior personnel. Significant changes to the tax strategy, 
including significant tax matters and recommendations, are 
reviewed by the Board, or a committee thereof, as 
appropriate as well as any notable tax matters that could 
materially impact the company’s financial statements. 
We structure our tax affairs to control tax costs and obtain 
tax efficiency in accordance with the laws. When structuring 
our commercial transactions, we provide tax advice aligned 
with the commercial substance of the transaction while 
maintaining tax efficiency.   
Effective tax governance is critical to meeting our 
obligations and underpins the tenets described above.  
Effective tax governance at LYB includes maintaining a 
control framework of appropriate processes, procedures, 
and documentation, with respect to tax compliance and 
reporting, tax planning and tax advice, tax audits and 
dispute resolution, and ensuring that senior personnel with 
the appropriate skill and experience are involved in key tax 
decisions. We supplement our expertise by seeking advice 
from reputable external advisors to have reasonable 
certainty in tax positions we adopt, and to appropriately 
assess tax risks and ensure our compliance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations, and reporting and disclosure 
requirements.
Because tax laws are subject to interpretation, differences of 
opinion are inevitable. Our tax governance processes 
include the evaluation of differing interpretations, including 
subsequent changes in interpretations, and where 
appropriate, disclosures are made in the applicable 
reporting tool (i.e. tax return, financial statements, and other 
reporting requirements).
Our transfer pricing policy for cross-border intra-group 
transactions requires such transactions to be conducted and 
priced on an arm’s-length basis with appropriate and timely 
supporting documentation. Further, we established a policy 
requiring intercompany financial transactions and corporate 
restructurings, including those that are tax planning-related, 
to obtain prior approval of the CFO, General Counsel or their 
designees.
Our Code of Conduct embodies our dedication to 
conducting business ethically and responsibly and to 
complying with applicable laws and regulations. Employees 
can report concerns about violations of company policies or 
the law by reporting the issue to their supervisor or manager, 
People and Culture representative, or any member of the 
Legal or Compliance Department. We also offer an 
independent whistleblower telephone helpline and website 
operated by EthicsPoint, which is available 24 hours a day 
and in multiple languages.
98
98

Page 99:
Cybersecurity
Our approach
Our cybersecurity program is certified to International 
Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001, a standard for 
information security management, which covers key areas of 
management, technical and physical controls, legal, 
compliance and business continuity management.
Our management utilizes a systematic approach to 
evaluating and determining risk tolerance and prioritizes the 
safeguarding of our digital assets. The Vice President of 
Cybersecurity leads our cybersecurity program and reports 
to the Executive Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer, 
who serves on the Executive Committee and reports to the 
CEO. The Vice President of Cybersecurity has a Master of 
Science degree in Cybersecurity Operations, is certified as 
an information security professional with the International 
Information System Security Certification Consortium (ISC2) 
and International Association of Privacy Professionals, and 
has over thirty years of leadership experience in technology, 
systems architecture, and cybersecurity.
Cybersecurity events are continuously monitored by global 
security operations centers staffed in the U.S., European 
Union, and Asia Pacific with events and incidents being 
managed based upon the MITRE ATT&CK framework, a 
system for classifying and describing cyber attacks and 
intrusions. Management provides guidance and is informed 
of cybersecurity events through a committee with cross-
functional representation of executive leadership. The 
committee meets at least quarterly for activities such as 
determining policy, reviewing active risks, assessing impact 
of emerging threats or regulatory changes, and monitoring 
active incidents. This committee also receives escalated 
alerts within 24-hours of confirmed cybersecurity events, 
and will determine the severity, engage with crisis 
External Perimeter Rating 
Bitsight Score 790+: 
Best in Classmanagement as necessary, and disseminate information 
internally as appropriate and warranted.
Third-party service providers must meet baseline security 
requirements before they connect to our systems or manage 
sensitive information. They are evaluated based on risk, which 
is based on financial, operational, legal/regulatory, capacity, 
cybersecurity posture, and reputational impact. Additionally, 
high risk third-party service providers are continuously 
monitored for security health and active threats.
We recognize the risk posed by global cybersecurity threats, 
and our Board is regularly updated on emerging risks and 
maintains oversight of our cybersecurity program. In 2023, 
the Board conducted an annual comprehensive review of 
specific cybersecurity and process control topics at its 
September meeting. Cybersecurity risk evaluation is 
integrated into our enterprise risk management processes 
and is presented to management and the Board as a part of 
that process.
While management is responsible for assessing and 
managing our day-to-day risks and control systems, the 
Audit Committee of the Board oversees our information 
technology and cybersecurity risks. The Committee 
conducts a comprehensive review of cybersecurity topics 
and reviews our programs and practices with management 
at least annually, and receives management’s report on our 
cybersecurity dashboard, which summarizes key security 
metrics and activities, at each quarterly Committee meeting.
To further advance cybersecurity awareness, we are 
developing solutions to mitigate the impact of third-party 
fraudulent cyber activity, including public facing portals for 
potential and current partners with capability to report 
suspected phishing.
We recognize sophisticated global cybersecurity threats and targeted 
computer crimes pose a continuously evolving risk to the confidentiality, 
availability, and integrity of our data, operations and infrastructure. We have 
implemented comprehensive practices to minimize these risks.
Our cybersecurity program includes, but is not limited to:
• Annual cybersecurity education for all company computer 
users on relevant policies and standards, best practices at 
work and at home.
• Communication processes including how to identify, 
respond, and report threats or potential vulnerabilities.
• Protective software installed and configured on Company 
systems and mobile devices, updated and patched on a 
regular basis, to provide the highest level of protection 
against malicious threats.
• An established program based on the MITRE ATT&CK 
framework for dealing with ransomware and other 
cybersecurity incidents.
• Regular technical risk assessments of our network, 
applications and manufacturing facilities, using a 
combination of trusted suppliers and a dedicated, 
objective team.
• Penetration, discovery and vulnerability assessments 
conducted daily.
• Mobile threat protection mechanisms and policies.
• Business continuity plans that are well documented and 
tested regularly; disaster recovery plans that are also well 
documented and tested at least annually.
• Coverage for non-damage business interruption or 
liability for data breaches as a part of the company’s 
combined insurance programs.
In addition, in 2023, management conducted ransomware 
simulation exercises and engaged outside consultants to 
perform external perimeter penetration testing.
99
99

Page 100:
Customer privacy
The company maintains a privacy 
program that is based on a Data 
Privacy and Personal Protection 
Policy and corresponding 
standards and practices that 
facilitate adherence to personal 
data protection laws globally.
Our approach
As part of its global privacy program, the company’s  
Data Privacy counsel and the Data Privacy Committee  
(the Committee), guides, monitors and stays accountable  
for data privacy compliance efforts globally. The 
Committee is established to assist with centralized and 
cross-functional governance of data privacy standards and 
provides a framework that supports administration of the 
Data Privacy program.
Our privacy program
We maintain a privacy management tool that helps us 
comply with global privacy regulations and provides LYB 
with a centralized platform to track data and automate 
privacy processes and assessments. We also utilize this 
tool to maintain our Record of Processing Activities (ROPA) 
or data inventory, which provides a view of personal data 
that is being processed by the company. 
We closely monitor changing legal requirements and 
engage external resources and experts as necessary to 
help us appropriately adapt and improve our global 
program to data protection laws and regulations in the 
jurisdictions where we operate.
For more information regarding how the company 
processes personal data, refer to the LYB Privacy 
Statement on our website at www.lyb.com under the  
Data Protection & Privacy Statement.
100
100

Page 101:
Data and assurance
We aim to meet the informational 
needs of our stakeholders by 
providing clear, relevant  and 
reliable sustainability performance 
data. Aligning to regulatory and 
voluntary reporting frameworks 
requires a robust ESG data 
gathering and controls process.  
In addition, external assurance 
helps us improve our reporting 
processes, data management,  
and accountability thereby 
enhancing our overall sustainability 
performance. We are committed  
to transparency and providing  
the appropriate assurance on  
our disclosed data aligned to  
the frameworks that we apply  
to our disclosures. 
Report of independent accountants
 
 
 
 
Report of Independent Accountants 
 
To the Management of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. 
 
We have reviewed the accompanying management assertion of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. 
(LyondellBasell) that the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy consumption, diversity, equity, and 
inclusion, and health and safety metrics (metrics) for the year ended or as of December 31, 2023 in 
management’s assertion are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth in 
management’s assertion. LyondellBasell’s management is responsible for its assertion and for the 
selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring and 
reporting on the metrics. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on management’s assertion based 
on our review. 
 
Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation 
Engagements, and AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made 
to management’s assertion in order for it to be fairly stated. The procedures performed in a review vary in 
nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an examination, the objective of which is 
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material 
respects, in order to express an opinion. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. Because of the 
limited nature of the engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower than 
the assurance that would have been obtained had an examination been performed. We believe that the 
review evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our conclusion.  
 
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement.  
 
The firm applies the Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA. 
 
The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment. In performing our review, we 
performed inquiries, performed tests of mathematical accuracy of computations on a sample basis, read 
relevant policies to understand terms related to relevant information about the metrics, reviewed 
supporting documentation in regard to the completeness and accuracy of the data in the metrics on a 
sample basis, and performed analytical procedures. 
 
GHG emissions quantification is subject to significant inherent measurement uncertainty because of such 
things as GHG emissions factors that are used in mathematical models to calculate GHG emissions, and 
the inability of these models, due to incomplete scientific knowledge and other factors, to accurately 
measure under all circumstances the relationship between various inputs and the resultant GHG 
emissions. Environmental and energy use data used in GHG emissions calculations are subject to inherent 
limitations, given the nature and the methods used for measuring such data. The selection by 
management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially 
different amounts or metrics being reported. 
 
The preparation of the total energy consumption metric, pay equity and pay gap metrics, and health and 
safety metrics requires management to establish the criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of 
information to be included, and make assumptions that affect reported information. The selection by 
management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially 
different amounts or metrics being reported. 
 
 
 
2 
 
As discussed in management’s assertion, in calculating certain health and safety metrics, LyondellBasell 
has estimated hours worked for certain locations for which no primary data is available. 
 
Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to 
LyondellBasell’s management assertion in order for it to be fairly stated. 
 
 
 
 
Houston, Texas 
April 8, 2024 
101
101

Page 102:
LYB management assertion
 
LyondellBasell Industries N.V. Management Assertion 
For the year ended or as of December 31, 2023  
 
Overview  
The management of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (LyondellBasell) is responsible for the completeness, 
accuracy, and validity of the greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption, diversity, equity, and 
inclusion (DEI), and health and safety metrics (collectively, “the metrics”) presented in the tables below 
for the year ended or as of December 31, 2023 (reporting period). Management asserts that the metrics 
are presented in accordance with the assessment criteria set forth below. Management is responsible 
for the selection of the criteria, which management believes provide an objective basis for measuring 
and reporting on the metrics. 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions and Energy Consumption 
Organizational Boundary  
LyondellBasell accounts and reports the GHG emissions and energy consumption metrics under the 
operational control approach, as defined in the Protocol (defined below), which includes operations 
over which we, or one of our subsidiaries, have operational control. Data related to acquisitions and 
divestitures during the reporting period are included for the period in which LyondellBasell had 
operational control. Acquisitions made within the reporting period may use actual or estimated data 
depending upon the timing and ability to obtain actual data. Adjustments are made, if necessary, in the 
reporting period following the acquisition based upon actual data.  
 
LyondellBasell’s reported GHG emissions and energy consumption metrics include our manufacturing 
sites (also referred to as plants), pipelines, offices, and research/technical centers; and exclude small 
regional offices defined as those with energy consumption lower than a 3,500 gigajoules threshold 
(collectively referred to as “sites”). 
 
Table: GHG Emissions and Energy Consumption Metrics  
Metric   Unit of Measure  Definition  Metric Value 
Reported for the 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023  
(in millions) 
Scope 1 emissions   Metric tons CO2e  Includes direct GHG 
emissions from (1) the 
generation of electricity, 
heat, or steam resulting 
from the combustion of 
fossil fuels in stationary 
sources, (2) process related 
GHG emissions from venting 
and flaring activities and 
15.4 
other process‐related GHG 
emissions, and (3) fugitive 
emissions (including 
methane).1,2,3,4 
Scope 2 emissions 
(market‐based) 
Metric tons CO2e  Includes indirect GHG 
emissions from the 
generation of purchased 
electricity and steam 
(market‐based).1,2,3,5 
7.0 
Scope 2 emissions 
(location‐based) 
Metric tons CO2e  Includes indirect GHG 
emissions from the 
generation of purchased 
electricity and steam 
(location‐based).1,2,3,5 
7.1 
Total energy 
consumption 
Gigajoules  Direct and indirect energy 
consumption related to 
Scope 1 and 2 activities.6 
380 
 
GHG Emissions and Energy Consumption Metric Disclosures  
1. LyondellBasell considers the principles and guidance of The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition, and GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An 
amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard (collectively referred to as the “Protocol”) 
developed by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD) to collect, calculate and report GHG emissions. The Protocol is the basis for 
LyondellBasell’s definitions, calculation methodologies and calculation results included in this 
management assertion, unless explicitly stated otherwise.  
2. GHG emissions quantification is subject to significant inherent measurement uncertainty because of 
such things as GHG emissions factors that are used in mathematical models to calculate GHG emissions, 
and the inability of these models, due to incomplete scientific knowledge and other factors, to 
accurately measure under all circumstances the relationship between various inputs and the resultant 
GHG emissions. Environmental and energy consumption data used in GHG emissions calculations are 
subject to inherent limitations, given the nature and the methods used for measuring such data. The 
selection by management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in 
materially different amounts or metrics being reported.  
3. Scope 1 and 2 emissions are inclusive of the main gases considered under the Protocol and include 
carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), and industrial gases such as 
hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). The other three gases considered – 
perfluorocarbons (PFCs), nitrogen trifluoride (NF3), and sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) – are not emitted at 
LyondellBasell’s sites. Emissions data by individual gas is not disclosed as a majority relates to CO2. The 
CO2 equivalent (CO2e) emissions utilize Global Warming Potentials (GWPs) defined by the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year). CO2 
equivalent emissions are calculated by multiplying actual or estimated energy and fuel usage or 
102
102

Page 103:
refrigerant gas loss by the relevant emission factor and/or GWP. All emission factors are updated 
annually where applicable.  
4. Related to Scope 1 emissions:  
 Emissions resulting from the combustion of fossil fuels used in stationary equipment and 
machinery at LyondellBasell sites (natural gas, refinery gas, light fuel oil/diesel, heavy fuel 
oil/diesel, hydrogen, coal, lignite, butene, pitch, and the site‐generated fuels of fuel gas/tail gas 
(a blend of process gases used as fuel onsite), fuel A xTBE (manufacturing of tertiary butyl 
ethers), fuel A POTBA (propylene oxide/tertiary butyl alcohol), and fuel B).  
o Fuel usage data was collected from monthly utility invoices, readings from on‐site third‐
party managed meters, or readings from on‐site LyondellBasell managed meters.  
o Emission factors: 
 Natural gas, refinery gas, light fuel oil/diesel, heavy fuel oil/diesel, hydrogen, 
coal, lignite, butene, and pitch: American Petroleum Institute’s Compendium of 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodologies for the Oil and Natural Gas Industry, 
November 2021, Tables 4‐3 (CO2), 4‐6 and 4‐8 (CH4 and N2O).  
 Site‐generated fuels:  
 Fuel gas/tail gas ‐ Calculated value derived from a weighted average 
energy content and emission factor for the fuel gas.  
 Fuel A xTBE ‐ Calculated value from site heating value and emissions for 
fuel A (gaseous waste) stream specific to xTBE technology.  
 Fuel A POTBA ‐ Calculated value from site heating value and emissions 
for fuel A (gaseous waste) stream specific to the POTBA technology.  
 Fuel B ‐ Calculated value from site heating value and emissions for fuel B 
(liquid waste) stream.  
 Emissions resulting from venting and flaring activities as well as other process‐related GHG 
emissions which include, but are not limited to, emissions from wastewater treatment (WWT) 
activities and peroxide decomposition byproducts, at LyondellBasell’s sites.  
o Venting and flaring as well as other process‐related activity is reported annually on a 
site‐by‐site basis via direct measurement. The resulting emissions are converted to CO2e 
on a site‐by‐site basis using GWPs from the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report. 
 Emissions resulting from fugitive emissions at LyondellBasell’s sites: 
o Fugitive emissions related to volatile organic compounds (VOCs), including methane, are 
measured per environmental requirements in CFR Title 40 Chapter I Subchapter C and 
converted to CO2e using GWPs from the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report. 
o HCFCs and HFCs are related to replenishment of refrigerants. Refrigerant gases 
(including refrigerants other than HCFCs and HFCs) are calculated on a loss 
replenishment basis using site‐specific refrigerant management records. The GWP of the 
individual refrigerant from the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report is used to convert the 
losses into CO2e. 
 Direct emissions associated with the sale of energy generated from our own operations to 
another company are not deducted/netted from Scope 1, in accordance with the 
recommendations of the Protocol.  
 Excluded Scope 1 emissions: LyondellBasell excluded the following sources of GHG emissions:  
o Combustion related to emissions from LyondellBasell owned or leased motor vehicles.  
o Combustion related to emissions from non‐stationary leased and rented equipment 
such as temporary air compressors and pumps, welding machines, and mobile light 
plants used onsite. 
 
5. Related to Scope 2 emissions:  
 Emissions resulting from the purchase of energy in the form of electricity or steam used at 
LyondellBasell sites. Consumption data was collected from monthly utility invoices for electricity 
and steam usage.  
 LyondellBasell may purchase electricity or steam that is used by on‐site third‐party users due to 
common transport header. In this event, the third‐party’s use is deducted from the aggregate 
invoice. The quantity used on‐site by the third‐party users is documented and invoiced to them.  
 Emission factors for steam:  
o Provided by the third‐party steam supplier.  
 Emission factors for electricity (location‐based):  
o In 2023, LyondellBasell changed the source of the emission factors applied for its U.S. 
and European sites from the International Energy Agency (IEA) to the sources included 
below. 
o United States sites: United States (U.S.) Energy Information Administration (EIA), 
Energy‐Related CO2 Emission Data Tables, Table 6 Carbon intensity of the energy supply 
by State (1970‐2021), release date July 12, 2023  
o European sites: European Environment Agency, Greenhouse gas emission intensity of 
electricity generation in Europe, published October 24, 2023  
o Middle East and Asia sites: IEA, Emissions Factors Database, 2023 edition, published 
September 2023 
 Emission factors for electricity (market‐based):  
o LyondellBasell used Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) procured through power 
purchase agreements during 2023 to contractually procure renewable energy in relation 
to our manufacturing sites in North America, Europe, Brazil, and Sweden. Any remaining 
electricity not associated with a contracted for and retired EAC was converted to 
emissions using the emission factor hierarchy described below.  
o After application of EACs, the emission factors were applied based on the Protocol 
hierarchy and availability of data, including the factors below listed from highest to 
lowest precision:  
1. Utility‐specific market‐based emission factors were provided by the utility suppliers.  
2. Other grid‐average emission factors – same as location‐based.  
 Excluded Scope 2 emissions: LyondellBasell excluded the following sources of GHG emissions:  
o District heating and cooling.  
o Cooling water and chilled water purchased from third‐party suppliers.  
o Compressed air or nitrogen purchased from third‐party suppliers. 
 
6. Related to total energy consumption:  
LYB management assertion
103
103

Page 104:
 LyondellBasell considers the principles and guidance of the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) Chemicals Industry Standard Accounting Metric RT‐CH‐130a.1 to guide the criteria 
to assess, calculate, and report total energy consumption.  
 Total energy consumption (in gigajoules) is the sum of direct energy from purchased fuels and 
other fuels produced on‐site (natural gas, refinery gas, light fuel oil/diesel, heavy fuel oil/diesel, 
hydrogen, coal, lignite, butene, pitch, and the site‐generated fuels of fuel gas/tail gas, fuel A 
xTBE, fuel A POTBA, and fuel B) and indirect energy from purchased electricity and steam.  
 Energy is calculated by conversion to gigajoules of direct and indirect energy usage from Scope 1 
and 2 consumption data as discussed in the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions footnotes above.  
 The preparation of the total energy consumption metric requires management to establish the 
criteria, make determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make 
assumptions that affect reported information. The selection by management of different but 
acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in a materially different amount or 
metric being reported. 
 
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) 
Organizational Boundary  
LyondellBasell accounts and reports the DEI metrics for operations over which we, or one of our 
subsidiaries, have operational control. Pay equity and pay gap DEI metrics additionally include 
employees temporarily assigned (expatriates) to non‐operated joint ventures if LyondellBasell directed 
the employee’s pay. Data related to acquisitions and divestitures during the reporting period are 
included for the period in which LyondellBasell had operational control. Pay equity DEI metrics exclude 
recently acquired sites (defined below) for whom job responsibilities were not available as of December 
31, 2023.  
LyondellBasell’s reported DEI metrics include our manufacturing sites (also referred to as plants), 
pipelines, offices, and research/technical centers (collectively referred to as “sites”). 
The preparation of the pay equity and pay gap metrics requires management to establish the criteria, 
make determinations as to the relevancy of the information to be included, and make assumptions that 
affect reported information. The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement 
techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported. 
 
Table: Global Employee Gender Representation DEI Metrics 
 
Metric   Definition  Metric Value 
Reported as of 
December 31, 
2023 
Total global employees   Percentage of total employees by gender.1,2   Men: 80% 
Women: 20% 
Other: <1% 
Senior leaders   Percentage of senior leaders by gender.1,2,3  Men: 75% 
Women: 25% 
Other: 0% 
Professionals   Percentage of professionals by gender.1,2,4  Men: 66% 
Women: 34% 
Other: <1% 
 
Global Employee Gender Representation DEI Metric Disclosures 
1. Employee population includes global workers with a permanent or temporary employment 
relationship with LyondellBasell; and excludes workers with a dormant employment relationship 
and contractors. Permanent employment includes the regular employee class. Temporary 
employment includes students and apprentices. Dormant employment broadly includes specified 
workers on paid leave, unpaid leave, or partial retirement. Contractors include workers who are 
not employees but whose work is supervised by LyondellBasell on a day‐to‐day basis. The 
employment categories are identified based on information recorded in the LyondellBasell Human 
Resources (HR) system. 
2. Gender is self‐identified by the employee in the LyondellBasell HR system as either male (reported 
as men), female (reported as women), or unknown, undeclared, or other (reported as other).                                         
3. Senior leaders refers to employees that represent the top six job bands of our employees and 
executives, which includes director level employees and higher (e.g., Vice President, Director), 
based on a LyondellBasell grading system and as recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system. 
4. Professionals refers to employees in the next eight job bands, which includes employees below 
director level (e.g., Manager, Engineer, Analyst) but excludes technical and hourly employees, 
based on a LyondellBasell grading system and as recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system. 
 
 
Table: Pay Equity DEI Metric 
 
Metric   Definition  Metric Value 
Reported as of 
December 31, 
2023 
Global women to men  
 
Weighted‐average adjusted base pay for women 
employees as a percentage of the weighted‐average 
adjusted base pay for men employees.1,2,3,4 
$0.99/$1.00 
 
Pay Equity DEI Metric Disclosures 
1. A multivariate regression analysis was utilized to calculate the weighted‐average adjusted base pay 
for women and men employees doing similar work. Inputs into the multivariate regression analysis 
included gender, base pay, job category/type of work (e.g., finance, manufacturing operations), job 
band (e.g., Manager, Analyst), total years of professional work experience (not only at 
LyondellBasell), years in position (e.g., years as an Operations Supervisor), and working location  
country with the exception of expatriates whose pay is linked to their home country. Inputs were 
identified based on information recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system. 
2. Base pay represents the full‐time equivalent base salary of an employee. Full‐time equivalent base 
salary is the annualized base pay based on the employee’s work schedule, excluding variable 
LYB management assertion
104
104

Page 105:
components such as overtime (i.e., hours worked in addition to standard working hours) and 
incentive pay (e.g., bonuses). Base pay was identified based on information recorded in the 
LyondellBasell HR system.              
3. Gender is self‐identified by the employee in the LyondellBasell HR system as either male (reported 
as men), female (reported as women), or unknown, undeclared, or other. Employees self‐identified 
as unknown, undeclared, or other were excluded.                                        
4. Employee population includes global workers with a permanent employment relationship with 
LyondellBasell and workers with a dormant employment relationship; and excludes the CEO, 
workers with a temporary employment relationship and contractors. Permanent employment 
includes the regular employee class. Temporary employment includes students and apprentices. 
Dormant employment broadly includes specified workers on paid leave, unpaid leave, or partial 
retirement. Contractors include workers who are not employees but whose work is supervised by 
LyondellBasell on a day‐to‐day basis. In addition, any employee population for whom the pay is 
fixed based on the job (U.S. and Belgium hourly employees, European employees on a step rate 
and German Tariff employees) and employees at recently acquired sites for whom job 
responsibilities are not available are excluded. The employment categories were identified based 
on information recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system. 
 
Table: Global Gender Base Pay Gap: Women to Men Median DEI Metrics 
 
Metric   Definition  Metric Value 
Reported as of 
December 31, 
2023 
All employees  Median unadjusted base pay for women employees as 
a percentage of the median unadjusted base pay for 
men employees.1,2,3 
$0.99 
Senior leaders  Median unadjusted base pay for women senior leaders 
as a percentage of the median unadjusted base pay for 
men senior leaders.1,2,3,4 
$0.95 
Professionals  Median unadjusted base pay for women professionals 
as a percentage of the median unadjusted base pay for 
men professionals.1,2,3,5 
$0.82 
 
Global Gender Base Pay Gap DEI Metric Disclosures 
1. Base pay represents the full‐time equivalent salary of an employee. Full‐time equivalent salary is 
the annualized base salary based on the employee’s work schedule, excluding variable components 
such as overtime (i.e., hours worked in addition to standard working hours) and incentive pay (e.g., 
bonuses). Base pay was identified based on information recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system.              
2. Gender is self‐identified by the employee in the LyondellBasell HR system as either male (reported 
as men), female (reported as women), or unknown, undeclared, or other. Employees self‐identified 
as unknown, undeclared, or other were excluded.                                           
3. Employee population includes global workers with a permanent employment relationship with 
LyondellBasell and workers with a dormant employment relationship; and excludes the CEO, 
workers with a temporary employment relationship and contractors. Permanent employment 
includes the regular employee class. Temporary employment includes students and apprentices. 
Dormant employment broadly includes specified workers on paid leave, unpaid leave, or partial 
retirement. Contractors include workers who are not employees but whose work is supervised by 
LyondellBasell on a day‐to‐day basis. The employment categories were identified based on 
information recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system.  
4. Senior leaders refers to employees that represent the top six job bands of our employees and 
executives, which includes director level employees and higher (e.g., Vice President, Director) but 
excludes the CEO, based on a LyondellBasell grading system and as recorded in the LyondellBasell 
HR system. 
5. Professionals refers to employees in the next eight job bands, which includes employees below 
director level (e.g., Manager, Engineer, Analyst) but excludes technical and hourly employees, 
based on a LyondellBasell grading system and as recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system. 
Health and Safety 
Organizational Boundary  
LyondellBasell accounts and reports the health and safety metrics for operations over which we, or one 
of our subsidiaries, have operational control. Data related to acquisitions and divestitures during the 
reporting period are included for the period in which LyondellBasell had operational control.  
LyondellBasell’s reported health and safety metrics include our manufacturing sites (also referred to as 
plants), pipelines, offices, and research/technical centers (collectively referred to as “sites”).  
The preparation of the health and safety metrics requires management to establish the criteria, make 
determinations as to the relevancy of information to be included, and make assumptions that affect 
reported information. The selection by management of different but acceptable measurement 
techniques could have resulted in materially different amounts or metrics being reported. 
 
Table: Occupational Safety Health and Safety Metrics  
Metric   Definition  Metric Value 
Reported for 
the Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023 ‐ 
Employees1 
Metric Value 
Reported for 
the Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023 ‐ 
Contractors2 
Fatalities as a result of 
work‐related injuries 
(number) 
A recordable work‐related injury 
(defined below) that results in death. 
 
0  0 
LYB management assertion
105
105

Page 106:
Fatalities as a result of 
work‐related injuries 
(rate) 
Fatalities as a result of work‐related 
injuries normalized by total number of 
hours worked. 
 
Rate is calculated as (fatalities as a 
result of work‐related injuries x 
200,000 hours worked) / total number 
of hours worked.3,4 
 
0  0 
High‐consequence work‐
related injuries (number) 
 
A recordable work‐related injury 
(defined below) that requires formal 
admittance by a hospital or other 
inpatient health care facility of a 
patient who is to be provided with 
room, board, and medical treatment 
in an area of the hospital or facility 
where patients generally reside at 
least overnight, excluding fatalities. 
 
1  0 
High‐consequence work‐
related injuries (rate) 
High‐consequence work‐related 
injuries normalized by total number of 
hours worked. 
 
Rate is calculated as (high‐
consequence work‐related injuries x 
200,000 hours worked) / total number 
of hours worked.3,4 
 
0.005  0 
Recordable work‐related 
injuries (number) 
 
As per Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration (OSHA) general 
recording criteria, a recordable work‐
related injury results in any of the 
following: death, days away from 
work, restricted work or transfer to 
another job, medical treatment 
beyond first aid, loss of 
consciousness, or a significant injury 
or illness diagnosed by a physician or 
other licensed health care 
professional. 
 
27  21 
Recordable work‐related 
injuries (rate) 
 
Recordable work‐related injuries 
normalized by total number of hours 
worked. 
 
Rate is calculated as (recordable 
work‐related injuries x 200,000 hours 
worked) / total number of hours 
worked.3,4 
 
0.139  0.140 
Number of hours worked 
 
Number of hours worked by 
employees or contractors.1,2,4 
 
38,956,092  30,010,833 
 
Occupational Safety Health and Safety Metric Disclosures  
1. Employee population includes global workers with a permanent or temporary employment 
relationship with LyondellBasell and workers with a dormant employment relationship. Permanent 
employment includes the regular employee class. Temporary employment includes students and 
apprentices. Dormant employment broadly includes specified workers on paid leave, unpaid leave, 
or partial retirement. The employment categories are identified based on information recorded in 
the LyondellBasell HR system. 
2. Contractors include global workers who are not employees but whose work is supervised by 
LyondellBasell on a day‐to‐day basis. The employment categories are identified based on 
information recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system. 
3. As per OSHA guidance, rates were calculated on the basis of 200,000 hours worked to identify the 
number of work‐related injuries per 100 full‐time workers. 200,000 hours worked assumes one full‐
time worker works 2,000 hours per year.  
4. The total number of hours worked represents the actual and/or estimated hours worked by 
employees or contractors. Data to calculate the total number of hours worked was collected from 
internal LyondellBasell systems, third‐party access control systems, manual gate logs, third‐party 
invoices, and/or estimation. An average of 160‐175 (depending on location and site type) monthly 
working hours per headcount was estimated when actual hours were not available from third‐party 
access control systems, manual gate logs, or third‐party invoices. Additional hours were also 
estimated to account for overtime, employees traveling between sites, and employees working from 
home. 
 
Table: Process Safety Health and Safety Metrics  
Metric  Definition  Metric Value 
Reported for 
the Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023 
Process safety incidents 
count (PSIC) 
Count of incidents that meet the definition of a Tier 1 
process safety event as described in American 
Petroleum Institute’s (API) Process Safety Performance 
Indicators for the Refining and Petrochemical Industries 
12 
LYB management assertion
106
106

Page 107:
  Recommended Practice (RP) 754 3rd Edition (American 
National Safety Institute (ANSI)/API RP 754). 
 
Tier 1 process safety events are classified as Level 3+ 
events by LyondellBasell. Level 3+ events include loss of 
primary containment (LOPC) resulting in either (1) an 
employee or contractor “days away from work” injury 
and/or fatality; (2) a hospital admission and/or fatality 
of a third party; (3) an officially declared community 
evacuation or community shelter‐in‐place, including 
precautionary community evacuation or community 
shelter‐in‐place; (4) a fire or explosion damage with a 
direct cost greater than or equal to $100,000; (5) an 
engineered pressure relief device discharge to 
atmosphere whether directly or via a downstream 
destructive device greater than or equal to a Level 3 
threshold, within any 60 minute time period, with 
negative effects; (6) an upset emission from a 
permitted or regulated source greater than or equal to 
a Level 3 threshold, within any 60 minute time period, 
with negative effects; or (7) an unignited release of 
material greater than or equal to a Level 3 threshold, 
within any 60 minute time period.1,2,3 
 
Process safety total 
incident rate (PSTIR) 
 
PSIC normalized by total number of hours worked.  
 
Rate is calculated as (PSIC x 200,000 hours worked) / 
total number of hours worked.4,5 
 
0.035 
Process safety incident 
severity rate (PSISR) 
 
Severity‐weighted rate of PSIC normalized by total 
number of hours worked. 
 
Rate is calculated as (total severity score for all PSIC x 
200,000 hours worked)/total number of hours worked. 
4,5,8 
 
0.046 
 
Process Safety Health and Safety Metric Disclosures  
1. A “days away from work” injury, as described in ANSI/API RP 754, is a work‐related injury that 
results in a person being unfit for work on any day after the day of the injury as determined by a 
physician or other licensed health professional. “Any day” includes rest days, weekend days, 
vacation days, public holidays, or days after ceasing employment. 
2. A third party is any individual other than an employee6 or contractor7. 
3. Negative effects, or consequences, as described in ANSI/API RP 754, include one of more of the 
following: rainout; discharge to a potentially unsafe location; an on‐site shelter‐in‐place or on‐site 
evacuation, excluding precautionary on‐site shelter‐in‐place or on‐site evacuation; and/or public 
protective measures (e.g., road closure) including precautionary public protective measures. 
4. As per OSHA guidance, rates were calculated on the basis of 200,000 hours worked to identify the 
number of process safety events per 100 full‐time workers. 200,000 hours worked assumes one full‐
time worker works 2,000 hours per year.  
5. The total number of hours worked represents the actual and/or estimated hours worked by 
employees6 and contractors7. Data to calculate the total number of hours worked was collected 
from internal LyondellBasell systems, third‐party access control systems, manual gate logs, third‐
party invoices, and/or estimation. An average of 160‐175 (depending on location and site type) 
monthly working hours per headcount was estimated when actual hours were not available from 
third‐party access control systems, manual gate logs, or third‐party invoices. Additional hours were 
also estimated to account for overtime, employees traveling between sites, and employees working 
from home. 
6. Employee population includes global workers with a permanent or temporary employment 
relationship with LyondellBasell and workers with a dormant employment relationship. Permanent 
employment includes the regular employee class. Temporary employment includes students and 
apprentices. Dormant employment broadly includes specified workers on paid leave, unpaid leave, 
or partial retirement. The employment categories are identified based on information recorded in 
the LyondellBasell HR system. 
7. Contractors include global workers who are not employees but whose work is supervised by 
LyondellBasell on a day‐to‐day basis. The employment categories are identified based on 
information recorded in the LyondellBasell HR system. 
8. A severity weighting, as described in ANSI/API RP 754, was applied to each process safety event 
based on safety/human health, direct cost, material release, community impact, and off‐site 
environmental impact. 
 
LYB management assertion
107
107

Page 108:
Reconciliations for non-GAAP measures
This report makes reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined in Regulation G of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
We report our financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, but believe that certain 
non-GAAP financial measures, such as EBITDA, and EBITDA, net income and diluted earnings per share (EPS) exclusive of 
identified items provide useful supplemental information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and 
performance of the company's ongoing operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations. 
Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, the 
financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.
We calculate EBITDA as income from continuing operations plus interest expense (net), provision for (benefit from) income 
taxes, and depreciation and amortization. EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to profit or operating profit for any 
period as an indicator of our performance, or as an alternative to operating cash flows as a measure of our liquidity. We also 
present EBITDA, net income and diluted EPS exclusive of identified items.  Identified items include adjustments for “lower of 
cost or market" (“LCM”), impairments and refinery exit costs. Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is 
determined using the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) inventory valuation methodology, which means that the most recently incurred 
costs are charged to cost of sales and inventories are valued at the earliest acquisition costs. Fluctuation in the prices of crude 
oil, natural gas and correlated products from period to period may result in the recognition of charges to adjust the value of 
inventory to the lower of cost or market in periods of falling prices and the reversal of those charges in subsequent interim 
periods, within the same fiscal year as the charge, as market prices recover. Property, plant and equipment are recorded at 
historical costs. If it is determined that an asset or asset group’s undiscounted future cash flows will not be sufficient to 
recover the carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized to write the asset down to its estimated fair value. Goodwill 
is tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair 
value of a reporting unit with goodwill is below its carrying amount. If it is determined that the carrying value of the reporting 
unit including goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recognized. We assess our equity investments for 
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be 
recoverable. If the decline in value is considered to be other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to its estimated 
fair value. In April 2022 we announced our decision to cease operation of our Houston Refinery. In connection with exiting the 
refinery business, we began to incur costs primarily consisting of accelerated lease amortization costs, personnel related 
costs, accretion of asset retirement obligations and depreciation of asset retirement costs.
Circular & Low Carbon Solutions (“CLCS”) incremental EBITDA is estimated EBITDA which is incremental to LyondellBasell’s 
fossil-based O&P Americas and O&P EAI annual EBITDA. CLCS incremental EBITDA cannot be reconciled to net income due to 
the inherent difficulty in quantifying certain amounts that are necessary for such reconciliation at the business unit level 
including  adjustments that could be made for interest expense (net), provision for (benefit from) income taxes and 
depreciation & amortization, the amounts of which, based on historical experience, could be significant.
Recurring annual EBITDA for the Value Enhancement Program is the year-end EBITDA run rate estimated based on 2017-2019 
mid-cycle margins and modest inflation relative to a 2021 baseline. We believe recurring annual EBITDA is useful to investors 
because it represents a key measure used by management to assess progress toward our strategy of value creation.
These non-GAAP financial measures as presented herein, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by 
other companies due to differences in the way the measures are calculated.
(a) The year ended December 31, 2023 reflects non-cash impairment charges of $518 million, which includes a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $252 million in our Advanced 
Polymer Solutions segment, recognized in the first quarter of 2023, and $192 million related to our European PO joint venture in our Intermediates & Derivatives segment, recognized in the 
fourth quarter of 2023.  
(b) Refinery exit costs include accelerated lease amortization costs, personnel related costs, accretion of asset retirement obligations and depreciation of asset retirement costs of $110 
million, $76 million, $9 million and $139 million, respectively.  
(c) Depreciation and amortization includes depreciation of asset retirement costs of $139 million in connection with exiting the Refining business.  
(d) Refinery exit costs include accelerated lease amortization costs, personnel related costs and accretion of asset retirement obligations of $110 million, $76 million and $9 million, 
respectively. 
(e) In 2022, we launched the Value Enhancement Program. In 2023, the program delivered a 2023 year-end run rate of approximately $400 million of recurring annual EBITDA.
Reconciliations of Net Income to Net Income Excluding 
Identified Items and to EBITDA Including and Excluding 
Identified Items
Millions of dollars
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023
Net income $2,121 
add: Identified items
Impairments, pre-tax(a) 518 
Refinery exit costs, pre-tax(b) 334 
Benefit from income taxes related to 
identified items
(135)
Net income excluding identified items $2,838 
Net income $2,121 
Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 5 
Income from continuing operations 2,126 
Provision for income taxes 501 
Depreciation and amortization(c) 1,534 
Interest expense, net 348 
add: Identified items
Impairments(a) 518 
Refinery exit costs(d) 195 
EBITDA excluding identified items 5,222
less: Identified items
Impairments(a) (518)
Refinery exit costs(d) (195)
EBITDA $4,509
Reconciliation of Diluted EPS to Diluted EPS  
Excluding Identified Items
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023
Diluted earnings per share $6.46 
Add: Identified items
Impairments 1.41 
Refinery exit costs, 0.78 
Diluted earnings per share excluding identified 
items
$8.65 
Reconciliation of Net Income to Recurring Annual EBITDA  
for the Value Enhancement Program
Millions of dollars 2023(a) 
Net income $300 
Provision for income taxes: 75 
Depreciation and amortization 25 
Interest expense, net — 
Recurring annual EBITDA(e) $400 
108
108

Page 109:
Reporting frameworks
109
109

Page 110:
Disclosure Disclosure title Reference location Page #
GRI 2: General Disclosures
2-1 Organizational details 10-K - Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties. 4-21
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting Sustainability Report - Report boundaries 2
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point Sustainability Report - About this report 2
2-4 Restatements of information
Sustainability Report - GHG emissions and energy (Scope 3) 
Sustainability Report - Air emissions 
Sustainability Report - Water use and availability 
Sustainability Report - Material reuse and waste 
38 
42 
43 
46-47
2-5 External assurance Sustainability Report - Report of independent accountants 101-107
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships Sustainability Report - About LYB 7
2-7 Employees Sustainability Report - Our employees 61
2-8 Workers who are not employees Sustainability Report - Our approach 61
2-9 Governance structure and composition
Proxy - Board oversight of risk 
Proxy - Election of Directors  
Sustainability Report - Board oversight of sustainability
30-32 
10-18 
88-90
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Sustainability Report - Board structure and independence 
Proxy Statement - Election of directors
89
10-18
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Sustainability Report - Board structure and independence 
Proxy Statement - Board leadership structure
89
19
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts Sustainability Report - Board oversight of sustainability; Management oversight of sustainability 
Proxy - Board oversight of risk 
89-90
30-32
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Sustainability Report - Board oversight of sustainability; Management oversight of sustainability 
Proxy - Board oversight of risk 
89-90
30-32
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting Sustainability Report - About this report 
Sustainability Report - Board oversight of sustainability 
2
89 
2-15 Conflicts of interest Sustainability Report -  Conflicts of interest 
Proxy Statement - Related party transactions 
91
88
2-16 Communication of critical concerns Sustainability Report - Board Diversity Policy, gender diversity data, tenure, experience 
Proxy - Director nominees’ independence, tenure, diversity, and experience 
89
10-18
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Sustainability Report - Board Governance - Board Diversity Policy, gender diversity data, tenure, experience 
Proxy - Board experience and expertise 89
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body Proxy Statement - Board evaluation 10-18
2-19 Remuneration policies Proxy Statement - Director compensation
Proxy Statement - Key compensation practices & what guides our program 
37-39 
48-52
2-20 Process to determine remuneration
Proxy Statement - Director compensation
Proxy Statement - compensation practices & what guides our program
Proxy Statement - Advisory vote on executive compensation 
37 
48-52 
45
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Proxy Statement - CEO pay ratio 79
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
 LYB has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023 with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI 1 Foundation 2021
110
110

Page 111:
GRI Metric Metric Description Reference location Page #
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Sustainability Report - From our CEO
Sustainability Report - From our Chief Sustainability Officer 
9-10
11-12 
2-23 Policy commitments Sustainability Report - Ethics and integrity 91-92
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Sustainability Report - Ethics and integrity 91-92
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts
Sustainability Report - Social impact  
Sustainability Report - Stakeholder engagement  
Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board
79
93
www.lyb.com
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Sustainability Report - Mechanism for concerns 91
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Sustainability Report - Environmental compliance & performance 
10-K -  Item 3, Legal Proceedings
48
35 
2-28 Membership associations Sustainability Report - Industry associations 93
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Sustainability Report - Stakeholder engagement 93
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Sustainability Report - Our approach 61
GRI 3: Material Topics
3-1 Process to determine material topics Sustainability Report - Materiality 95
3-2 List of material topics Sustainability Report - Materiality assessment results 95
Economic performance
3-3 Management of material topics 2023 Annual Report www.lyb.com
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Sustainability Report - 2023 Financial highlights & Value Enhancement Program
Press Release - LyondellBasell Reports 2023 Earnings, issued February 2, 2024
8
www.lyb.com
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change Sustainability Report - Climate-related risks and opportunities
CDP Climate Change Report and TCFD
37
www.lyb.com
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans Sustainability Report - Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans
10-K - Pension and Other Post-retirement Benefits
63
102-113
201-4 Financial assistance received from government Sustainability Report - EU Innovation Fund Grant 23
Anti-corruption
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Sustainability Report - Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 92
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Sustainability Report - Communication and training on anti-corruption 92
Anti-competitive behavior
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices Sustainability Report - Anti-competitive behavior 92
Tax
207-1 Approach to tax Sustainability Report - Tax
Website - Tax strategy
98
www.lyb.com
207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management Sustainability Report - Tax 98
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax Sustainability Report - Stakeholder engagement
10-K - 17. Income taxes
93 
116-121
111
111

Page 112:
GRI Metric Metric Description Reference location Page #
Materials
3-3 Management of material topics
Sustainability Report - Building a circular economy
Sustainability Report - Our climate ambition
Sustainability Report - Environment
16
28
40
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume Sustainability Report - Our goal: Produce and market at least two milion metric tos of recycled and renewable-based polymers annually by 2030 
10-K - Segments
17-18
5-12
Energy
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Our climate ambition
Sustainability Report - GHG emissions and energy
28-34
38
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Sustainability Report - GHG emissions and energy 38
302-3 Energy intensity Sustainability Report - GHG emissions and energy 38
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Sustainability Report - Our goal: Procure a minimum of 50% of electricity from renewable sources by 2030 29-30
Water and effluents
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Environment 40
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Sustainability Report - Water use and availability 43
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Sustainability Report - Air and water quality
Sustainability Report - Water use and availability
41
43
303-3 Water withdrawal Sustainability Report - Water use and availability 43
303-4 Water discharge Sustainability Report - Water use and availability 43
303-5 Water consumption Sustainability Report - Water use and availability 43
Biodiversity
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Environment 
Sustainability Report - Biodiversity and ecosystem services
40 
44
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 
biodiversity value outside protected areas
Sustainability Report - Water risk and key biodiversity areas 45
Emissions
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Our climate ambition 28
305-1 Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions Sustainability Report - Aggregated overview of GHG emissions 38
305-2 Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions Sustainability Report - Aggregated overview of GHG emissions 38
305-3 Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions Sustainability Report - Aggregated overview of GHG emissions, Breakdwon of scope 3 emissions 38
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Sustainability Report - Aggregated overview of GHG emissions 38
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Sustainability Report - Our goal: Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 42% by 2030
Sustainability Report - Our goal: Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions 30% by 2030
29-34
35
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) Sustainability Report - Air emissions 42
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions Sustainability Report - Air emissions 42
112
112

Page 113:
Supplier environmental assessment
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Sustainability Report - Sustainable procurement 75-76
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Sustainability Report - Sustainable procurement 75-76
Employment
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Workforce management 60-62
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Sustainability Report - New employee hires and turnover 62
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time 
employees
Sustainability Report - Education benefits 
Sustainability Report - Employee benefits
62
63
401-3 Parental leave Sustainability Report - Parental leave 63
Occupational health and safety
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Supporting a thriving society 50-53
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Sustainability Report - Supporting a thriving society 50-53
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Sustainability Report - Our goal: Operate safely every day and with zero incidents, zero injuries and zero accidents 51-53
403-3 Occupational health services Sustainability Report - Occupational health services 52
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety Sustainability Report - Worker participation, consultation and communication on occupational health and safety 52
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Sustainability Report - Worker training on occupational health and safety 52
403-6 Promotion of worker health Sustainability Report - Promotion of worker health 52
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system Sustainability Report - Our goal: Operate safely every day and with zero incidents, zero injuries and zero accidents 51
403-9 Work-related injuries Sustainability Report - Worker safety 52
Training and education
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Our approach 61
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Sustainability Report - Global talent development 61
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs
Sustainability Report - Global talent development 
Sustainability Report - Education bnefits 
Sustainability Report - Transition assistance program
61-62 
62 
63
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews Sustainability Report - Global talent development 61
GRI Metric Metric Description Reference location Page #
Materials
Waste
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Environment 
Sustainability Report - Material reuse and waste
40 
46
306-3 Waste generated Sustainability Report - Material reuse and waste 46
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Sustainability Report - Material reuse and waste 47
306-5 Waste directed to disposal Sustainability Report - Material reuse and waste 47
113
113

Page 114:
GRI Metric Metric Description Reference location Page #
Diversity and equal opportunity
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 66
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees
Sustainability Report - Our employees 
Sustainability Report - Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 
2024 Proxy
61
66-68
10
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Sustainability Report - Fair pay 70
Child labor
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor Sustainability Report - Human rights 81
Forced or compulsory labor
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor Sustainability Report - Human rights 81
Security practices
410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures Sustainability Report - Security personnel and human rights 81
Local communities
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs Sustainability Report - Social impact
Sustainability Report - Advancing Good
78-80
82-87
Supplier social assessment
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Sustainability Report - Sustainable procurement 74-77
Public policy
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Public policy 97
415-1 Political contributions Sustainability Report - Public policy 97
Customer health and safety
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - Product safety and stewardship 55-58
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories Sustainability Report - Product safety and stewardship 55-58
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services Sustainability Report - Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services 55
114
114

Page 115:
SASB Topic SASB code Metric description Reference location Page #
Greenhouse gas 
emissions
RT-CH-110a.1 Gross global scope 1 emissions, percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations Sustainability Report - Aggregated overview of GHG emissions 38
RT-CH-110a.2 Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an 
analysis of performance against those targets
Sustainability Report - Our goal: Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 42% by 
2030 29-34
Air quality RT-CH-120a.1 Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOx (excluding N2O), (2) SOx, (3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) 
hazardous air pollutants (HAPs) Sustainability Report - Air emissions 42
Energy management RT-CH-130a.1
(1) Total energy consumed, 
(2) percentage grid electricity, 
(3) percentage renewable, 
(4) total self-generated energy
(1) Total energy consumed – 380 million GJ 
(2) Percentage grid electricity – 8% 
(3) Percentage renewable – 5% 
(4) Total self-generated energy – 278 million GJ
Sustainability Report - Energy
2023 CDP Climate - C8.2a
38
71
Water management
RT-CH-140a.1 (1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with high or extremely high baseline water risk Sustainability Report - Water use and availability 
Sustainability Report - Water risk and key biodiversity areas
43
45
RT-CH-140a.2 Number of incidents of non-compliance associated with water quality permits, standards, and regulations 2023 CDP Water - W8.1b 20
RT-CH-140a.3 Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks Sustainability Report - Air and water quality 
Sustainability Report - Water use and availability
41
43
Hazardous waste 
management RT-CH-150a.1 Amount of hazardous waste generated, percentage recycled Sustainability Report - Material reuse and waste 46-47
Community relations RT-CH-210a.1 Discussion of engagement processes to manage risks and opportunities associated with community interests Sustainability Report - Social impact 
Sustainability Report - Advancing Good
78-80
82-87
Workforce health & 
safety
RT-CH-320a.1 (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and (2) fatality rate for (a) direct employees and (b) contract employees Sustainability Report - GoalZERO 51
RT-CH-320a.2 Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employees and contract workers to long-term (chronic) health 
risks
Sustainability Report - Our goal: Operate safely every day with zero incidents,  
zero injuries and zero accidents 51-53
Safety & Environmental 
stewardship of 
chemicals
RT-CH-410b.1
(1) Percentage of products that contain Globally Harmonised System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals (GHS) Category 
1 and 2 Health and Environmental Hazardous Substances 
(2) Percentage of such products that have undergone a hazard assessment
(1) Less than 1%
(2) 100%
Sustainability Report - Product safety and stewardship 55-57
RT-CH-410b.2 Discussion of strategy to (1) manage chemicals of concern and (2) develop alternatives with reduced human and/or environmental 
impact Sustainability Report - Product safety and stewardship 55-58
Genetically modified 
organisms RT-CH-410c.1 Percentage of products by revenue that contain genetically modified organisms (GMOs) LYB produces no products containing genetically modified organisms
Management of the 
legal & regulatory 
environment
RT-CH-530a.1 Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy proposals that address environmental and 
social factors affecting the industry
Sustainability Report - Public policy 
Our Principles for Public Policy can be found on our website at www.lyb.com 97
Operational 
safety, emergency 
preparedness & 
response
RT-CH-540a.1 Process Safety Incidents Count (PSIC), Process Safety Total Incident Rate (PSTIR), and Process Safety Incident Severity Rate 
(PSISR) Sustainability Report - Process safety 53
Activity metric RT-CH-000.A Production by reportable segment Sustainability Report - About LYB 7
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) index
This table demonstrates how we are pursuing alignment with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). Sector: Resource Transformation | Industry: Chemicals.
115
115

Page 116:
Sustainability acronyms list
Acronym Meaning
 AEPW  Alliance to End Plastic Waste
 ASPIRE Asian Pacific Islander Region (DEI Network)
 BELIEVE  Black Employees Lead, Influence, Empower, Value 
and Embrace (DEI Network)
 CCS  Carbon Capture and Storage
 CCU  Carbon Capture and Utilization
 CCUS  Carbon capture, utilization and storage
 CDP  Carbon Disclosure Project
 CO  Carbon Monoxide
 CO2  Carbon Dioxide
 CO2eq  Carbon Dioxide equivalent
 CSO  Chief Sustainability Officer
 CSRD  Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
 DEI  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
 DJSI  Dow Jones Sustainability Index
 EC  European Commission
 ESG  Environmental, Social and Governance
 ETS  Emissions Trading System
 EU ETS  European Union Emissions Trading System
 GHG  Greenhouse gas
 GRI  Global Reporting Initiative
 GWQD  Global Water Quality Dashboard
 HAPs  Hazardous Air Pollutants
 HFCs  Hydrofluorocarbons
 HSE  Health, Safety and Environmental 
 HSE&S  Health, Safety, Environmental and Security
 ICCA  International Council of Chemical Associations
 ICP  Internal Carbon Pricing
 IPBES  Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on 
 IPCC  Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
 ISCC  International Sustainability and Carbon 
Certification
 ISSB  International Sustainability Standards Board 
 KBA  Key Biodiversity Area
 LCA  Life Cycle Assessment
Acronym Meaning
 LEAD  Latin Employees Advancing DEI
 LIFT  LYB Inspiring Females Together (DEI Network)
 MoReTec  Molecular Recycling Technology
 NGO  Non Governmental Organization
 NOx  Nitrogen Oxides
 OCS  Operation Clean Sweep
 ODS  Ozone-Depleting Substances
 OPLN  Ocean Plastics Leadership Network
 PCR  Post Consumer Resin
 PFCs  Perfluorocarbons
 PIW  Post Industrial Waste
 PM  Particulate Matter
 PPA  Power Purchase Agreement
 PSIC  Process Safety Incidents Count
  PSISR Process Safety Incident Severity Rate
 PSTIR Process Safety Total Incident Rate
 SASB  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
 SBT  Science Based Target
 SBTI  Science Based Target Initiative
 S&CA  Sustainability & Corporate Affairs
 SDG  Sustainable Development Goal
 SOx  Sulfur Oxides
 TCFD  Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
 TFND  Task Force for Nature Related Financial Disclosures 
 TfS  Together for Sustainability
 TRIR  Total Recordable Incident Rate
 QCP  Quality Circular Polymers
 UNEA  United Nations Environment Assembly
 UNSDG  United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
 VOCs  Volatile Organic Compounds
 WBCSD  World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development
 WEF  World Economic Forum
 YPEN  Young Professionals Employee Network
116
116

Page 117:
London
One Vine Street, 4th Floor 
London W1J 0AH 
United Kingdom 
Tel: +44 207 220 2600
Houston
LyondellBasell Tower, Ste. 300 
1221 McKinney Street 
Houston, TX 77010 
USA 
Tel: +1 713 309 7200
Hong Kong
32/F, Dorset House 
Taikoo Place 
979 King’s Road 
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong 
China 
Tel: +852 2577 3855
Rotterdam
Delftseplein 27E 
3013 AA Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
Tel: +31 10 275 5500
lyb.com

