Page 1:
Sustainability Report 2023


Page 2:
About this Report
This report marks our fourth consecutive annual Sustainability 
Report and provides an overview of our Environmental, 
Social, and Governance (ESG) strategies for managing risks, 
opportunities, and our performance measured against stated 
ESG goals and targets. 
Our ESG targets are based on the United Nations Guiding 
Principles, industry best practices, materiality, and our 
business strategy. We continue to review our approach in 
response to changing regulatory landscapes and evolving 
demands to ensure we support a just transition and ensure 
people have continuing access to energy resources.
Reporting Period
January 1, 2023 – December 31, 2023 (unless otherwise noted)
Report Boundaries
Our 2023 Sustainability Report covers activities under direct 
operational control of McDermott International, Ltd., including 
our headquarters in Houston, Texas, USA.
All financial data is presented in U.S. dollars (unless otherwise 
noted).
Questions or Feedback
We welcome your feedback and questions about our ESG strategy and 
performance. Please direct them to: sustainability@mcdermott.com.
Imagery
Some of the images used in this report are artistic impressions.
Reporting Methodologies and Frameworks
McDermott referenced the following international and industry best 
practices and ESG frameworks, as applicable, to develop this report:
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards
• Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
framework
• Value Reporting Foundation’s Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) Infrastructure – Engineering & Construction Services 
(IF-EN) metrics
• United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs)
• International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation 
Association (IPIECA)
• International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP)
• American Petroleum Institute (API) sustainability reporting guidance
Assurance and Review
We continue to trust our Internal Audit and Financial Reporting teams 
for review of information and data contained in this report as we 
explore third-party assurance options for our future reports.
Additional Information
McDermott cautions that statements in this communication which are 
forward-looking, and provide other than historical information, involve 
risks, contingencies, and uncertainties that may impact McDermott’s 
actual results of operations. These forward-looking statements include, 
among other things, statements about McDermott’s sustainability 
plans and targets and the associated timing to achieve those targets. 
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in those forward-
looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that 
those expectations will prove to have been correct. Those statements 
are made by using various underlying assumptions and are subject to 
numerous risks, contingencies, and uncertainties, including, among 
others: adverse changes in the markets in which we operate or credit 
or capital markets; our inability to successfully execute on contracts 
in backlog; changes in project design or schedules; the availability of 
qualified personnel; changes in the terms, scope or timing of contracts, 
contract cancellations, change orders, and other modifications and 
actions by our customers and other business counterparties; changes 
in industry norms; actions by lenders and other creditors of McDermott 
and adverse outcomes in legal or other dispute resolution proceedings. 
If one or more of these risks materialize, or if underlying assumptions 
prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. 
This communication reflects management’s views as of the date 
hereof. Except to the extent required by applicable law, McDermott 
undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking 
statement.
2023 Sustainability Report 
2
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 3:
CONTENTS
1. OUR PATH
A Message to Our Stakeholders  
2023 Sustainability Highlights 
100 Years of McDermott History
Our Vision for the Next Century
4
5
6
7
8
2. MATERIALITY AND STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Materiality
Stakeholder Engagement
9
10
11
3. LEADING WITH SAFETY
Our Safety Performance
A Focus on Continuous Improvement
12
13
14
4. ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP 
What Sets McDermott Apart
Decarbonizing our Operations
Supporting Our Customers in the Energy Transition
15
16
17
22
7.    FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT
Framework Mapping Index
Sustainable Development Goals Index
TCFD Index
38
39
40
41
8.    DATA TABLES
Safety
Environment
People
Learning and Development
Governance
44
45
46
49
54
56
5.    PEOPLE
Our  Workforce
Our Communities
Human Rights 
28
29
31
32
6.    GOVERNANCE
Sustainability Governance
Risk Management
Business Ethics
Supplier ESG Screening
Cyber Security and Data Privacy
33
34
34
35
36
37
2023 Sustainability Report 
3
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 4:
OUR PATH
2023 Sustainability Report 
4
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 5:
A Message to
Our Stakeholders
We are proud to present our 
2023 report and what we have 
accomplished and learned during 
the past year. A century ago, 
McDermott’s founders set out 
to advance the energy industry 
through delivery of innovative 
solutions. Today, we continue to 
design and deliver some of the 
world’s most complex energy 
projects. We are committed to 
project excellence, responsible 
business, and supporting energy 
transition. 
Our Approach to Sustainability 
Our environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) activities include reducing the operational 
emissions of our own facilities and of those 
we design and build for customers. We also 
contribute to social, economic, and institutional 
development in host countries, creating local 
opportunities through meaningful and impactful 
social investment projects. We are committed to 
continuous improvement, and regularly assess and 
refine our strategic ESG goals and programs. 
Our Progress
In 2023, driven by our experienced and 
resourceful workforce, we achieved 
significant successes, including industry-
leading safety performance, a 23% reduction 
in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions*, and 
improved operational efficiencies with the 
adoption of renewable energy, onsite solar 
power generation, and digital technologies. 
We introduced a climate risk management 
framework to identify risks and guide 
specific mitigations and year-on-year 
improvements. And, as part of our 
commitment to ESG reporting, we made our 
second CDP submission. 
We also advanced energy security through 
our work in support of offshore wind 
generation and liquefied natural gas 
production. We collaborated with a range 
of partners to assess low-carbon pathways 
– including hydrogen and carbon capture 
storage and utilization – addressing the 
challenge of scaling up production while 
minimizing environmental impact. 
*Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, versus target 50% by 2030 and NetZero by 2050
With 31,494 employees representing over 100 
nationalities, we aim to be an employer of choice 
with benefits, training programs, and career planning 
opportunities that support our people’s diverse talents 
and continue our strong corporate culture. In 2023, we 
also continued well-being initiatives in our offices and 
project sites to support both mental and physical health.
Michael McKelvy,  
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Rachel Clingman,  
Executive Vice President, 
Sustainability and Governance
Our Report 
This report reflects our dedication to reporting 
and our development of the organizational know-
how, spirit, discipline, and skills needed to support 
responsible business, operational excellence, and 
the transition to a lower carbon future. 
2023 Sustainability Report 
5
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 6:
2023 Sustainability Highlights
*Significant sites are categorized as yards and sites executing $1 billion USD or more in project value and include Batam Fabrication Yard (Indonesia), Jebel Ali Fabrication Yard (United Arab Emirates), Altamira Fabrication Yard 
(Mexico), Qatar Fabrication Yard (Qatar), Qingdao McDermott Wuchuan (QMW) Fabrication Yard (China), Tilenga project site (Uganda), Golden Pass LNG project site (Texas), and Mozambique LNG project site (Mozambique)
AWARDED OUR LARGEST
RENEWABLE ENERGY
PROJECT WITH A TOTAL
TRANSMISSION 
CAPACITY
4GW
16,691 m3  
WATER REUSED IN OUR OPERATIONS
250,000 m3
per year
SUSTAINABLE AVIATION 
FUEL AND RENEWABLE 
GASOLINE
ENGINEERING A NET 
ZERO 1 FACILITY
ESTABLISHED A  
DIVERSITY 
COUNCIL
0.07
TOTAL 
RECORDABLE
INCIDENT 
RATE
                        SOLID WASTE
DIVERTED FROM LANDFILL
vs target 50% by 203073% 
77% 
OF OUR GRID-SOURCED 
ELECTRICITY CAME FROM
RENEWABLE SOURCES 
ACHIEVED
OVERALL
RATE OF  4 .34 /5
IN OUR GLOBAL
EMPLOYEE SURVEY
RECEIVED NATIONAL
RECOGNITION FOR OUR
LOCAL CONTENT SKILLING
EFFORTS IN UGANDA
ESG SCREENING
1,734
SUPPLIERS
PERFORMED
100% 
HUMAN 
RIGHTS DUE 
DILIGENCE
OF SIGNIFICANT SITES*
DESIGNED A 
FLOATING 
PRODUCTION UNIT 
WITH BATTERY 
ENERGY STORAGE 
SYSTEM  TO REDUCE 
EMISSIONS
0.04 tCO2
per t LNG
BUILDING THE WORLD’S
LOWEST CARBON 
INTENSE LNG 
FACILITY
TRAINING ON THE 
PREVENTION OF 
FORCED LABOR
COMPLETION RATE OF ASSIGNED
100% 
23%
vs target 50% by 2030 and 
NetZero by 2050
REDUCTION IN
SCOPE 1 AND SCOPE 2 
GHG EMISSIONS
2023 Sustainability Report 
6
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 7:
100 Years of McDermott History
J. Ray McDermott 
founded October 18, 
1923, headquartered in
Eastland, Texas
Uses the world’s first 
drilling equipment 
in the low lying 
marshlands of 
Louisiana and Texas
Installs the first
all-concrete platform
in the Gulf of Mexico
Constructs and 
installs the first subsea 
system in the Gulf of
Mexico
Introduces a new 
launch method for 
offshore jacket
installation
19741967195019381923 20212014200419961987
Loads a Waterflood-3 
Jacket, a first for 
Dubai Petroleum 
Company
Engineers,
procures, constructs
and installs topsides 
for the world’s first
production Spar
platform
Constructs structures
for the world’s first
liquefied petroleum
gas floating 
production, storage
and offloading vessel
First to install rigid 
reel-lay pipe-in-pipe in 
Asia-Pacific, offshore 
Malaysia
Awarded an 
EPC contract for 
Woodfibre LNG, the
cleanest liquefied 
natural gas export
facility in the world
2023 Sustainability Report 
7
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 8:
Q: What has McDermott learned over the past 100 years 
that is especially relevant today? 
A: Resilience and innovation. Collaborative resilience and 
innovative spirit have driven McDermott’s success over the 
past 100 years. We are so proud of our dedicated, creative, 
and resourceful workforce that has adapted to change and 
challenges and continued to devise better ways to operate 
and perform.
We have learned through adversity and continued to be 
focused on successful project delivery, positioning ourselves 
for a great future with a strong culture and ESG values.
Our Vision for the Next Century
A Conversation with Rachel Clingman, our Executive Vice President, Sustainability and Governance
Q: How will McDermott prosper and adapt, embracing 
sustainability and coping with change?
A: I am confident we will remain very customer-focused and 
competitive. We embrace our customer’s ESG goals and 
have embedded professionals throughout our operations 
to continue to guide customers to new technologies and 
innovative solutions to safely and efficiently deliver the energy 
the world needs. 
Our design, front-end engineering design (FEED) and 
engineering, procurement, construction, and installation (EPCI) 
work in energy transition continues to grow, building on our 
expertise in offshore construction, onshore fabrication, and 
energy markets across the globe. From offshore wind to carbon 
capture projects, we will play a significant role in achieving our 
customer’s renewable energy commitments. 
And we will preserve a high level of discipline, one of the 
attributes that has helped us to excel over the past 100 years.
Q: What differentiates McDermott?
A: We have the advantage of being one of the few fully 
integrated global EPCI contractors – from our fabrication yards 
and our engineering capability to our advanced marine fleet. There are 
very few EPCI companies in the world with this combination of assets and 
experience. From a sustainability perspective, this enables us to influence 
ESG factors, such as emissions, across the value chain.
We also have strong social responsibility programs, which help improve the 
quality of life in our local communities.
Q: How is McDermott focusing on reducing its carbon footprint?
A: One immediate focus is identifying opportunities to reduce the operating 
carbon intensity of our assets. This includes implementing measures to 
further reduce emissions through the use of renewable energy including 
onsite solar generation at our fabrication sites, which remain at the heart of 
EPCI project delivery and critical to supporting energy developments such 
as offshore wind.
Equally, we continue our focus on driving efficiencies in our operations 
through the use of digital platforms to monitor asset utilization and fuel 
consumption of our equipment, machinery and marine vessels.
2023 Sustainability Report 
8
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 9:
MATERIALITY AND 
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
2023 Sustainability Report 
9
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 10:
 ECO
N
O
M
Y                  W
ELFARE                       GOVERNANCE                           & IN CLUSIO N                              BIO D IVERSITY                          ENGAGEMENT                 DATA PRIVACY    SUPPLY  CHAIN
  & CIRCULAR                & W
ORKER                      CORPORATE                      DIVERSITY, EQ U ITY                                                                       EMPLOYEE                  SECURITY &   SUSTAINABLE
 RESO
URCE USE        HUM
AN RIGHTS                                                                                                                                                                                                                CYBER
EM
ISSION                   LOCAL                     CLIM ATE                    W ASTE                      ESG                   W ATER                    RISK               REGULATORY          HEALTH &         POLLUTION
& EN
ERGY                CONTENT                   CHANGE             M AN AG EM EN T        BUD G ETIN G    M ANAGEMENT   MANAGEMENT      CHANGES          & SAFETY         
LOCAL          HUM
AN RIGHTS      EMISSION &          ECONOM IC                               RISK                                   CLIM
ATE                     H
EALTH    CON
TEN
T    & W
O
RKER       ENERGY    PERFORM ANCE      M AN AGEM ENT        ACTION AND            & SAFETY
W
ELFARE                                                                                                         MITIGATIO
N
                             &  CYBER-SECURITY          IN C LU SIO N            CONDUCT             
                    ANTI-CORRUPTIO N         EQ U ITY &           BUSINESS           
 ETHICAL 
MCDERMOTT
CLIENTS
STAKEHOLDERSCritical includes matters, issues, or 
activities of utmost importance and 
require immediate attention. These 
are considered essential for the 
company’s achievement of goals and 
well-being. 
Materiality
Materiality is an essential component of our sustainability program, and guides 
the transparency with which we report our ESG goals and expectations to our 
customers and other stakeholders.  
In 2023, we conducted a formal materiality assessment to identify current ESG priorities, risks, opportunities, and 
emerging issues as a basis for reporting on material issues.
Materiality Assessment Methodology
We back our materiality assessment results with additional sources of information, such as customer priorities 
and external rating platforms, to ensure their clarity and relevance. 
McDermott’s ESG data is disclosed on various external platforms that score our performance, providing insights 
into our strengths and weaknesses. We use these to identify areas for improvement. 
All these sources of information guide our materiality issue prioritization as shown in the diagram here.
Significant includes subject matters or issues 
that hold importance and have a notable impact 
on objectives or outcomes. These are substantial 
and contribute significantly to the overall 
success or failure of goals. They might not be 
as urgent as critical tasks but are still crucial for 
achieving long-term success.
Emerging includes subjects, issues, trends, or 
situations that are gaining importance and may 
have a material impact in the future. Monitoring 
and addressing emerging issues early can help 
the company stay proactive and better prepare 
for the future.
2023 Sustainability Report 
10
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 11:
EMPLOYEES
• Employee engagement surveys
• Annual performance review and professional development plans
• Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
• Training
• Townhalls
• inSITE (intranet)
• Ethics and compliance hotline
• Exit interviews
GOVERNANCE AND REGULATORS
• Communication on permitting applications and compliance
• In-person and virtual meetings
• Partnership on government workforce development initiatives
SHAREHOLDERS/ INVESTORS
• Quarterly earnings calls
• ESG surveys
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
• Quarterly Board Meetings
• Adhoc business updates as approriate
CUSTOMERS
• Regular meetings with Account Managers
• Periodic meetings with project management/ leadership teams
• Visits to fabrication yard or project sites
• Invitation to tender/ request for proposals
• ESG Questionnaire or surveys
• Industry or professional association events
• Standalone ESG engagements
COMMUNITY MEMBERS
• Regular community engagement for social risk mitigation
• Effective grievance redressal mechanism
• Local livelihood generation (Local Content)
• Social investment through community partnerships
SUPPLIERS
• Selection and contracting process
• In-person meetings and trainings
• Regular engagement with supplier category managers
• Annual Strategic Supplier Evaluations
• Annual Strategic Supplier Sustainability Surveys and follow up engagement
Stakeholder Engagement
Respect for our many varied stakeholders – customers, 
employees, Board members, shareholders, suppliers, 
academic partners, regulators, and local communities 
and workforces – is deeply embedded throughout our 
organization.
We regularly engage with these different groups 
to learn and understand their expectations and 
the value we bring them.
2023 Sustainability Report 
11
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 12:
LEADING WITH SAFETY
2023 Sustainability Report 
12
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 13:
Our Safety Performance
At McDermott, we pride ourselves on being an industry leader 
in safety performance. Our exemplary safety performance is 
grounded in our leadership’s active focus on safe operations and 
our employees’ continued diligence and accountability for their 
own and each other’s safety.
We finished with a Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) of 0.07 and a Lost Time Incident 
Rate (L TIR) of 0.01 across more than 117 million work hours, including the performance of 
our subcontractors. Our TRIR and L TIR rates are industry leading – and demonstrate our 
commitment to year-on-year improvement in safety. We met or exceeded our targets on 
leading indicators, including training, near miss incident reviews, incident action close out, and 
health and well-being programs.  
Our strong safety performance was driven by effective processes, tools, and programs through 
which our employees identify and mitigate unsafe acts and conditions before they lead to an 
incident. One of our most important tools is our Stop Work Obligation (SWO) program, which 
requires every team member to stop and reassess a task with perceived conditions and/or 
behaviors that might pose a danger to people, environment, equipment, or reputation. During 
2023, over 1,600 SWO interventions were reported globally and prevented potential undesirable 
events from occurring.
“  
”
Employees are required to stop work if 
anything is seen as—or could potentially 
be—unsafe. And they now have digital tools 
that make it easier to provide feedback.
Shirlie Macatangay
Vice President, Quality, Health, Safety,
Environment & Security (QHSES)
Construction Industry Institute (CII)
International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP)
International Marine Contractors Association (IMCA)
2023 Sustainability Report 
13
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 14:
A Focus on Continuous Improvement
Reinforcing Positive Behaviors
STRIVE reinforces our focus on leading indicators that serve as our 
mechanism to make data-driven decisions to cultivate a proactive 
culture of safety that prevents incidents while promoting continuous 
improvement in all aspects of workplace health and well-being and 
preventing potentially undesirable events from occurring.
Health and Well-being
In 2023, we reinforced our focus on supporting the health and well-being of our people. Guided by a newly formed Health 
and Well-being Advocacy Council (HWAC), McDermott provided additional tailored health programs and resources for our 
employees. These new initiatives will complement our robust benefits program and emphasize our commitment to a positive 
health culture.   
Our THRIVE initiative provides resources and support in five areas of well-being—mental, emotional, financial, social, and 
physical. In 2023, the company strengthened a global campaign for mental health and placed a significant focus on suicide 
prevention. The campaign featured an awareness initiative during Construction Safety Week, which included group activities, 
toolbox talks, assessments, and employee recognition. We also developed global training for supervisors, managers, and entry-
level employees on mental health, which we will begin to implement in 2024.
We also have a strong focus on mental health awareness and effective programs. 
THRIVE will continue to serve as the foundation for health and wellbeing with HWAC and related programs strengthening the 
objectives of THRIVE.
HEAL TH AND WELL-BEING ADVOCACY COUNCIL
Our HWAC brings together global leaders from across the business, including QHSES, Human Resources, 
Communications, Benefits, and Governance, with company physicians to design and provide health education and 
resources for our employees. The Council works with our Benefits team to plan and deliver health factsheets and 
resources throughout the year.
A major goal of the Council is to provide the organization with a well-being strategy. The Council’s initial focus was on 
cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death globally. Our aim is to help prevent and reduce risk by educating 
employees on the top five most interrelated cardiovascular risk conditions: obesity, hypertension, diabetes, inactivity, 
and heart health.
2023 Sustainability Report 
14
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 15:
ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIP
2023 Sustainability Report 
15
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 16:
source: GHG Protocol, the McDermott perspective
CO/uni2082CH/uni2084N/uni2082OHFCs PFCs NF/uni2083CH/uni2084
Upstream Activities Downstream ActivitiesMcDermott
Scope 1
DIRECT
Scope 3
INDIRECT
Scope 3
INDIRECT
Scope 2
INDIRECT
Purchased goods 
and services
Steel / 
raw materials 
Purchased 
electricity, 
steam, heating 
and cooling for 
own use
Operational and 
Fabrication Yard 
Activity, Generators
Sub contractor 
fuel/ energy use
Waste generated 
in operations
Employee 
commuting
Business travel
Welding 
emissions
Leased assets
Logistics
Buildings, office, 
employee activity
Vessels, vehicles
and equipment 
Customer operations of 
engineered facilities
End-of-life 
treatment of facility 
elements
Transportation 
of constructed 
modules 
What Sets 
Us Apart
As a fully integrated engineering, 
procurement, construction, and 
installation (EPCI) solutions provider, 
we maintain operational control 
and influence over our emissions, 
energy, and fuel usage – a distinct 
advantage that sets us apart. 
This integrated approach enables 
us to decarbonize projects across 
the value chain, as we focus on 
supporting our customers and 
suppliers to deliver emission 
reductions through their facilities.
Examples of emission sources relevant to McDermott's operations;
2023 Sustainability Report 
16
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 17:
Decarbonizing Our Operations
Reducing emissions in our facilities enhances our ability to offer our customers low-carbon EPC project delivery.
Energy Management
In 2023, we increased global use of grid-sourced renewable energy to 77%, contributing to meaningful 
reductions in our carbon emissions (up to 56,300 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalents (tCO2e)).
We also added to our onsite solar capability at our Batam Fabrication Yard (BFY), enabling us to adopt 
lower carbon energy solutions for sustainable fabrication operations.
Fuel Management
Our operations require large quantities of fuel to power our construction vessels, run our heavy machinery and 
other equipment. To further reduce our carbon footprint, we increasingly use digitalization in our operations.
For example, we implemented asset utilization software at our Jebel Ali Fabrication Yard to generate data on 
fuel efficiency of machinery and vehicles, which enabled an 8% reduction in fuel consumption. Building on this 
success, we are leveraging software to evaluate the positive impacts of retrofitting equipment to increase fuel 
savings.
By embracing innovative technology solutions, we not only drove operational efficiencies and cost effectiveness 
but also supported our sustainability aspirations, demonstrating McDermott’s commitment to mitigating 
environmental impact and taking meaningful action toward our Net Zero goals.
INVESTING IN RENEWABLE ENERGY SOURCES AT OUR FABRICATION YARDS
In 2023, we initiated the largest on-grid solar panel system on Batam island, set to cover 
24,000 square meters (m2) of our BFY facilities once complete. This project, part of a 6.2 
megawatt peak (MWp) initiative with PLN, Indonesia's State Electricity Company, will supply 
over 20% of the yard’s power usage. MONITORING AND MINIMIZING FUEL CONSUMPTION
This progress, coupled with solar progress 
in the Qingdao McDermott Wuchuan 
(QMW) and Chonburi Thailand yards in 
2022, achieved a total 6,669 megawatt-hour 
(MWh) of solar installed capacity globally. 
FUEL TRAX is a fuel monitoring system that provides real-time data on fuel consumption for vessels, 
promoting transparency and enhancing operational efficiency.
We equipped two of our marine vessels, the DB32 
and the DB50. This system uses coriolis meters 
installed on strategic points of the fuel lines to track 
fuel consumption and engine performance. Utilizing 
data from the system, we are creating a database 
for benchmarking vessel performance, from which 
we will be able to establish key performance 
indicators (KPIs) for optimal performance.
2023 Sustainability Report 
17
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 18:
REDUCING MARINE OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS
We completed a study that compared the overall impact 
on marine operations and embodied greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions associated with the installation of rigid pipelines via 
the J-Lay method to a vessel with reel-lay capability.
The study revealed that using the J-Lay method can reduce 
emissions by 3,165 tCO2e (16% less) compared to the reel-lay 
method.
Marine Operations
We own and operate a diverse array of vessels, including derrick barges, construction and pipelay, and support 
vessels capable of transporting and installing jackets, topsides, pipelines, and other complex subsea structures for 
offshore projects globally. 
This strategic advantage not only enhances operational efficiency but also affords us greater control over 
scheduling and project timelines, ensuring streamlined project execution and asset management.
We continue to evaluate various marine technologies to determine their suitability for our vessels, as avenues to 
minimize our carbon footprint while maximizing operational efficiency. These include hybridization, retrofitting 
vessels for shore power connectivity, and expanding our vessel fuel monitoring system.
Using our carbon reporting software, we examine emissions associated with subsea project activities to which our 
vessels are deployed. This data helps us determine different field development options or project scenarios, as 
well as vessel allocation based on the predicted operational emissions. Water Management
Our global operations work to reduce water consumption by optimizing the use, reuse, 
and recycling of water consistent with our water management efficiency guidelines. 
Examples of water reuse across our operations include:
• Reusing stormwater for dust suppression and soil compaction at projects like 
Tilenga and Borstar Bay 3.
• Utilizing rainwater harvesting systems for dust suppression at BFY.
• Achieving 50% water savings at the Refidomsa Project in the Dominican Republic by 
transferring 10,033 cubic meters (m3) of water per sphere test.
• Recycling kitchen water for irrigation at the George Wassef camp in Saudi Arabia.
• Treating wastewater for reuse in dust suppression at the Golden Pass facility, which 
reused 16,156 m3 of treated wastewater.
• Installing a ballast water treatment facility on the DB50 vessel, exceeding global 
standards and setting an example for other vessels like DB30 and DB32.
2023 Sustainability Report 
18
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 19:
Circularity
Circularity throughout a project’s lifecycle remains key to minimizing waste, promoting reuse, and 
managing our environmental footprint. We seek to influence circularity throughout our value chain, 
from engineering design to construction. 
We are evaluating the use of reporting and measurement tools to assess the circularity of our 
products and service offerings. Measurement and reporting of circular indicators are key steps 
in understanding circularity across the value chain, as we continue to work with our clients and 
suppliers to improve circularity at every project stage.
We continue to research new materials and products with the goal of employing circular principles in 
facilities we design and build.
Our Circularity Initiatives
Reduce
Reuse
Recycle
 y Using digital technologies to reduce 
use of energy
 y Using  alternative, greener fuels 
wherever possible  
 y Designing out flaring and reducing 
probability of leakages
 y Providing design standardization 
opportunities across facilities
 y Prioritizing use of non-metallics
 y Prioritizing use of renewable energy
 y Promoting use of non-
virgin material in steel 
production
 y Engaging with suppliers 
to implement new 
materials like green steel 
and green concrete
 y Divert waste from 
landfill
Waste
In 2023, we achieved a 73% reduction in solid waste sent to landfill. Enhanced 
waste segregation methods, employee awareness programs, and collaboration 
with supply chain partners were instrumental in this success. 
Company-wide efforts, including waste workshops, a ‘Vessel Green Challenge’, 
employee-led initiatives such as beach clean-ups, helped increase awareness, 
improve reporting, and strengthen our commitment to waste reduction and 
environmental stewardship.
In our fabrication yards, we seek to optimize our use of procured raw materials, 
reducing waste and preventing scrap generation. Within the yards, surplus 
material is managed through a centralized inventory, allowing allocation of the 
surplus material for future projects or fabricated into installation aids.
13 BEACH CLEAN-UPS 
AND OVER 6.4 METRIC 
TONS OF WASTE 
COLLECTED 
(From Brazil to Angola and Qatar to Malaysia) 
5 OF OUR OFFICES 
REPORTED ZERO 
WASTE TO LANDFILL
(Brno, Doha, Gurgaon, London , and The Hague)
2023 Sustainability Report 
19
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 20:
Spill Prevention
Our Spill Prevention and Control Measure Process is designed to protect 
the air, soil, and water from unplanned releases. The process consists of six 
components: Identify, Evaluate, Prepare, Train, Monitor, and Report.
By rigorously following these steps, our employees and contractors seek to 
identify areas of risk where potential spills or releases may occur and, when 
necessary, implement control measures to prevent and minimize impacts.
In 2023, three significant releases (to land) posed a moderate impact as the 
spills were greater than 0.095 m3 for a total release of 0.795 cubic meters.
2023 Top 3
Loss Containment by Material:
0.423 m3Hydraulic Oil
0.207 m3Diesel
0.71 m3Septic Effluent
Emissions Sources
• Blasting and painting activities
Measures in place
• Monitor air emissions in line with ALARP 
(“as low as reasonably practicable”) 
principles, Environmental Impact 
Aspects (EIA) assessments and permit 
obligations 
• Installation of air filtration units
• Regular equipment maintenance
• Use approved blasting media and 
paints
• Ongoing monitoring and sampling of 
pollutants and ambient are quality 
Emissions Sources
• Marine fleet
Measures in place
• Certified in International Air 
Pollution Prevention 
• Certified in Engine International 
Air Pollution Prevention (EIAPP) 
Emissions Sources
• Construction site activities
Measures in place
• Equipment maintenance per 
manufacturer specification 
• Implement chemical 
management best practices. 
Fabrication Yards Vessels Construction Emissions
Reducing Air Emissions
Our commitment to reducing our air emissions is embedded in McDermott’s 
Environmental Management System, which conforms to ISO 14001:2015.
2023 Sustainability Report 
20
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 21:
We are guided by our regulatory, contractual, and established 
environmental management processes. 
Our EIA assessment process identifies the potential impacts, 
mitigating controls, and applicable environmental compliance 
requirements. 
We work with customers, regulators, conservation groups, and 
other stakeholders to reduce our potential impact and maintain 
each area’s natural resources. 
During 2023, we planted more than 720 mangrove trees, ranging 
from Dubai to Kuala Lumpur.
Protecting Biodiversity
In developing and executing our projects, we 
recognize the importance of preserving the 
regions’ often pristine, ecologically sensitive 
biodiversity.
WOODFIBRE LNG PROJECT
The site of our Woodfibre LNG project is identified as an environmentally 
sensitive aquatic environment in Squamish, British Columbia, Canada. 
Consultation with stakeholders, including the Squamish First Nation, is 
ongoing. Initiatives underway to protect this pristine environment include:
• Salvaging and relocating marine life, such as sea stars, dungeness crabs, 
and green urchins, with 486 species already relocated.
• Conducting Marine Mammal Monitoring and Acoustic Monitoring prior to 
the start of marine construction activities.
• Establishing exclusion zones for seals and aquatic mammals.
• Conducting water quality monitoring during water construction activities.
• Engaging in spill prevention.
• Restricting in-water work to minimize impact to the marine habitat.
• Completing fish sweeps prior to conducting in-water work.
• Monitoring water quality.
INTEGRATING DESIGN INTO BIODIVERSITY PROJECTS
We are currently executing the engineering, procurement, 
construction, and installation (EPCI) expansion of the North 
Field, the world’s biggest single non-associated natural gas 
field, offshore the north-east Qatar peninsula – covering an 
area in which mangroves grow densely.
Following an environmental impact assessment (EIA), we 
developed a comprehensive plan to conserve and restore the 
mangrove forests, which includes: 
• Constructing an underground micro tunnel beneath the 
mangroves to minimize habitat destruction.
• Establishing a mangrove restoration program to replant 
damaged or degraded areas.
This project emphasizes the importance of proactive 
biodiversity considerations in the engineering phase, especially 
in projects that intersect with sensitive ecosystems.
2023 Sustainability Report 
21
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 22:
Supporting Our Customers in the Energy Transition
We work closely with our customers to deliver engineering and construction projects that enhance energy 
security and support their sustainability targets.
From Concept to Commissioning
In conceiving and delivering these projects, our vertical integration is 
one of our key differentiators – enabling us to take a project from early 
feasibility and front-end design, through to a complete operating facility.
We leverage our well-established onshore and offshore construction 
experience, in-house fabrication capabilities, and modularization 
expertise – from concept to commissioning – to develop innovative 
pathways that support customers in the transition to low-carbon energy.
In 2023, we continued supporting developments in:
• Offshore wind electricity transmission
• Blue and green hydrogen production
• Hydrogen storage
• Sustainable aviation fuels
• Decarbonization through carbon capture utilization and storage (CCUS)
• Low-carbon LNG
LOW CARBON FUELS
Advanced/ Chemical Recycling 
Renewable Fuels
• 100 years industry experience
• Traditional and new licensors
• Technology integration
LOW CARBON PATHWAYS
• Sector-specific decarbonization 
programs to reduce emissions 
during contruction and operation 
of plant (>60%)
OFFSHORE WIND
HVDC, Large HVAC Substations
• 100 years of offshore experience
• 250k tons/year fabrication capacity
• GW-scale EPFC
Digital Carbon Management 
Across Project Lifecycle
HYDROGEN
Green, Blue and Derivatives 
Production, Liquefication, Storage
• Concept-to EPC (20-1500 MW)
• 50+ years of LH2 experience
• Standard Reference Plants
CCUS
Point source, Direct Air Capture, 
Transportation, Storage
• 200+ CC, removal projects
• Onshore, offshore, subsea
• Modularized solutions
LOW CARBON
SUBSEA
LOW CARBON
OFFSHORE
LOW CARBON, MODULE 
FABRICATION & 
CONSTRUCTION
LOW CARBON LNG
2023 Sustainability Report 
22
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 23:
We embarked on two major projects that support TenneT’s 
ability to provide electricity to European markets from 
windfarms in the German North Sea. In 2023, we initiated 
fabrication, transportation, and installation support for the 
topside module of TenneT’s BorWin6 980MW high-voltage, 
direct current (HVDC) project. 
We were also awarded a contract for the engineering, 
procurement, construction, installation, and 
commissioning (EPCIC) of TenneT’s BalWin4, LanWin1, 
two offshore HVDC converter substation platforms. 
These developments will enable TenneT to convert up to 2 
gigawatts (GW) of offshore wind-generated electricity as 
part of its goal to connect 40 GW of offshore wind farms to 
the high-voltage grids of Northern Europe.
Offshore Wind
Leveraging off our experience in downstream processing facilities, in 2023 we provided 
front-end engineering design (FEED) services for Gevo, Inc.’s Sustainable Aviation Fuels 
(SAF) development in North America. 
SAF remains critical to decarbonization of aviation, one of the most carbon intensive 
industries. The circularity of SAF is heavily dependent on feedstock, process employed, and 
technology. 
Once operational, the first of these facilities is expected to produce more than 246,000 
cubic meters of SAF, diesel, and renewable gasoline that, when consumed, is expected to 
have a lifecycle net zero greenhouse gas footprint.
Sustainable Aviation Fuels FEED
2023 Sustainability Report 
23
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 24:
ADVANCES IN GREEN HYDROGEN
We are exploring options for large-scale production of green hydrogen, and have combined our 
offshore, HVDC, and electrolyzer experience in the design of such a facility. The result was a 500 MW 
concept including a hydrogen processing platform, a power transformer, supporting services, and a 
living quarters platform. The dual offshore platforms provide an optimized design for safe operation of 
the facility.
Offshore hydrogen production is a potential alternative to support decarbonization goals in areas with 
constrained power grids, and where existing infrastructure can serve as a base to transport hydrogen 
to a point of consumption. Our knowledge in low-carbon hydrogen, offshore and onshore legacy, 
and direct deployment expertise provides us with an advantageous position to contribute to the 
development of this new market and enable an additional avenue to decarbonization.
HYDROGEN STORAGE SOLUTIONS
Our CB&I storage business has received Approval in Principle (AiP) for its design of a liquid 
hydrogen (LH2) cargo containment system from DNV.  The containment system design 
leverages CB&I's proven vacuum-insulated spherical technology for onshore LH2 storage. 
CB&I will also design and build two 500,000 gallons (more than 1,892 m3) double-wall liquid 
hydrogen spheres for Plug Power Inc.'s new green hydrogen production facility in Genesee 
County, New York. The production facility, leveraging Plug Power's proton exchange membrane 
(PEM) electrolyzer technology, is expected to produce 45 metric tons of green liquid hydrogen 
per day—making it the largest green hydrogen facility in North America.
Progress continues on our demonstration project for the U.S. Department of Energy H2@Scale 
program, which aims to pilot four renewable hydrogen generation options with vehicle re-
fueling and fuel cells to enable cost-effective “full value chain” H2 energy solutions.
2023 Sustainability Report 
24
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 25:
WOODFIBRE LNG
In 2023, we commenced modular fabrication for the Woodfibre LNG project, involving 18 modules 
totaling 34,359 metric tons (t). 
Once operational, the project will produce 2.1 million t of LNG per annum at 86% lower carbon 
intensity than the industry average, making it the lowest carbon intense LNG facility in the world. 
By harnessing the low-carbon gas resources of British Columbia's Montney region to replace coal-
fired energy sources in Asia, Woodfibre LNG will reduce global emissions by 3.5 million tonnes of 
CO2 equivalents (tCO2e) per year.
ENERGY EFFICIENCY THROUGH DESIGN TO REDUCE OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS
Reducing the operating emissions of the facilities we design and build for our customers 
remains embedded in our approach from concept through to commissioning.
In designing the Scarborough floating production unit (FPU), we used a hybrid gas-turbine 
plus battery energy storage power system for the FPU to enable reliable operation of the 
turbines at higher efficiency, with flexibility to support power generation in case of an 
emergency or unplanned shutdown.
Combined with use of a waste heat recovery unit, which reduces emissions by reusing waste 
heat as a main source of heating energy, we anticipate approximately a 15% reduction in 
annual operating emissions for the FPU. 
Advancing Lower Carbon LNG
2023 Sustainability Report 
25
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 26:
Smart Modularization
McDermott’s advanced knowledge of smart 
modularization is critical to delivering highly complex, 
large-scale projects. 
Our modularization approach is grounded in having 
the bulk of construction work done at our owned 
and operated fabrication yards, in which operating 
emissions are considerably lower than those at a typical 
construction site. 
By reducing the onsite construction activity, smart 
modularization can provide a lower carbon EPCI 
execution option – depending on project specifications, 
up to 22% lower, based on results from our onshore LNG 
plant case study.
With our advanced capability in the techniques we 
apply, we are able to design and build a module and 
align the process smoothly across our organization 
through to field erection.
AMMONIA SYNTHESIS
Kellogg, Brown and  Root (KBR) and McDermott entered into a Global Licensing 
Agreement for KBR’s proprietary ammonia technologies in August 2022.  
The agreement accommodates the pursuit of deployments that can take 
advantage of both KBR technologies’ performance and track record as well as 
McDermott’s fabrication capabilities and modularization expertise. 
In 2023, together we developed a conceptual design package for a modular 
execution approach for a clean ammonia plant (Synthesis Loop) based on KBR’s 
technology. Key modularization criteria for the plant include:
• Safe design in mechanical handling and operations and maintenance
• Maximization of pre-commissioning activity at the fabrication yard
• Allocation of equipment and other material to reduce shipping costs
• Commercially available, proven equipment
When compared to traditional execution on site, the modularized concept 
enables multiple benefits, including a smaller plant footprint, increased 
schedule certainty, and a lower execution risk profile, improving overall 
economic viability of the project. Modular solutions are ideal for a phased 
approach, can be integrated with other modular solutions, and when combined 
with standardization can generate additional benefits in risk reduction, and 
improved schedule and cost profiles.
2023 Sustainability Report 
26
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 27:
Valuing Our Partnerships
As we strive to develop innovative studies and 
projects that support McDermott’s aspirations in the 
energy transition, we also rely on our partnerships and 
collaborations with over 20 organizations from within 
the energy industry and academia. 
For example, our insights into scalable hydrogen 
projects are supported by our relationship with 
organizations such as the Hydrogen Council, LONGi, 
Johnson Matthey (JM) and BW Offshore.
TECHNOLOGY PARTNERSHIPS
SUPPORTING ADVANCES IN 
ENERGY TRANSITION
20+
HYDROGEN MODULARIZATION CONCEPT STUDY
We collaborated with JM to develop a modular deployment concept for a 710 MW Low Carbon 
Hydrogen (LCH™) plant. The concept delivers a modular solution that mitigates risk and can be 
repeated with minimal changes for multiple projects and locations, while taking into account 
estimated emissions profiles, cost, and schedule priorities. The modular plant concept also includes a 
carbon capture storage unit.
Combined with an earlier concept 
for a modular 355 MW plant, the 
collaboration with JM provides a 
flexible and adaptable potential 
solution based on small (“truckable”) 
and mid-size modules, providing 
building blocks to deliver plants to 
a variety of locations globally. The 
concept modeled deployments for 
plants in the U.S. Gulf Coast, UK, 
and Australia, benefiting from our 
global fabrication footprint in both 
hemispheres to reduce transportation 
times and logistical requirements.  
2023 Sustainability Report 
27
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 28:
PEOPLE
2023 Sustainability Report 
28
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 29:
In 2023, our global headcount surpassed 31,000 employees, up from 27,680 in the previous year. 
Our workforce also continues to reflect a dynamic mix of age demographics and representation 
from over 100 nationalities. 
Recruitment and Onboarding
In 2023, we bolstered recruitment efforts by refining job postings and simplifying the hiring 
process. We also re-launched our global internship program, which has succeeded in attracting 
talent to our company. Our onboarding process was streamlined for consistency across our office 
locations and now includes a buddy program and 30/60/90-day engagement activities helping 
new starters learn more about the business directly from their peers.
Talent Retention
To enhance talent retention, we focused on improving benefits and incentive plans, where needed, 
and in support of employee well-being and career development. We also gathered employee 
feedback through a global survey. Actions based on this feedback include maintaining our hybrid 
work program, workplace well-being, career development opportunities, company culture, 
expanding well-being initiatives, and promoting sustainability.
Our Workforce 
At McDermott, we recognize the pivotal role our diverse and 
talented workforce plays in driving our business forward.
54
Countries
31,494
Employees
112
Nationalities
2023 Sustainability Report 
29
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 30:
Diversity and Inclusion
To enhance diversity and inclusion (D&I) at all levels of our organization, we established a 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Executive Council. The Council serves as the organization’s 
advisory board as we embed our D&I vision and strategy into our overall business strategy. 
To support employee engagement, we hosted seven Diversity Weeks, which involved direct 
engagement and D&I training on the ground in six countries. To create a foundational 
understanding of D&I across the organization, we continued mandatory trainings.
Employee Engagement
Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) lead employee engagement activities across 
our different offices. We currently have eight active global ERGs and the number of local 
chapters grew from 10 to 31 over the course of the year.
Learning and Development 
We delivered over 450,000 training hours covering QHSES, Ethics, Compliance, 
and other subjects. Our programs supported growth within different career paths. 
Quarterly webinars on topics like Modularization, Power BI, and Influence and 
Negotiation Skills were attended by more than 1,500 colleagues. 
Mentoring continues to play an important role in career development, and in 2023, 
the program involved 102 mentees and 38 mentors. 
Structured people discussions involving 2,000 employees were also conducted 
with leaders from across the business to consider career development needs, 
potential next moves, and succession planning.
ACROSS 
MCDERMOTT 
WE CELEBRATED  
OUR 100-YEAR
ANNIVERSARY
2023 Sustainability Report 
30
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 31:
Our Communities
We seek to do no harm and wherever possible provide 
positive outcomes for the communities where we operate.
One way we demonstrate this support is by creating training and economic opportunities 
consistent with the communities’ aspirations and well-being. We also focus on fostering 
open dialogue where we implement community grievance procedures that are client-
defined and supported. 
Brazil
In 2023, we developed a program in Brazil’s Estacio 
region for local women experiencing social exclusion. The 
program uses arts and crafts to promote not only self-
esteem and autonomy, but also to provide the women with 
a source of income. During the year, 60 women benefited 
from the program.
Angola
In Angola, we have created an international program for 
recent graduates from the local community. The program 
provides a group of 16 graduates with in-country training 
at fabrication yards, project sites, and office locations at 
McDermott facilities in other countries.
Mozambique
In Mozambique, McDermott, through our CCS JV initiative 
with Saipem, has taken significant steps toward supporting 
the community through programs that equip individuals 
in remote villages with employable skills and opportunities 
for long-term economic growth. These focus on local 
procurement, contracting, small business development, 
and micro-finance programs. 
Uganda
McDermott was awarded the first-ever Petroleum Authority Uganda 
(PAU) National Content Skilling Award for our local content skilling 
efforts in Uganda. 1500 small farmers are being trained to transition 
from growing traditional subsistence food crops to producing high-
value, market-driven goods. Meanwhile, 1,700 women and young 
people are learning tailoring and business acumen skills to increase 
their employability and earning potential.
“  “  ””
The national recognition we received for our local content skilling efforts 
in Uganda demonstrates one of the ways in which we are initiating social 
sustainability programs to help improve the quality of life in our local 
communities.
Barbra Karungi 
Sustainability Manager, Uganda
2023 Sustainability Report 
31
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 32:
Human Rights 
McDermott is committed to respecting people, the environment, and communities in 
our global operations.
We conduct our activities in accordance with applicable laws and with respect for human rights, informed 
by the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and consistent with the Universal 
Declaration on Human Rights.
We expect our suppliers and subcontractors to perform their business while respecting individuals and their 
human rights. McDermott’s Code of Business Conduct and UK Modern Slavery Statement provide further 
guidance on our efforts to conduct business responsibly and respect human rights. Whenever possible, we 
carry out site inspections, worker interviews, and audits to ensure  subcontractors along with ourselves are 
compliant with both international and local regulations and prioritize the workers’ welfare. 
In 2023, we conducted audits or self-assessments at five out of eight of our significant sites to ensure 
compliance with both international and local regulations and prioritization of workers’ welfare across our sites, 
including subcontractors.  We also established a corporate-wide human rights management system and plan 
to continue enhancing it. 
We are committed to performing due diligence in collaboration with our business partners and all employees. 
We developed and deployed training for over 6,900 management employees on the prevention of forced labor. 
Educating and increasing our employees’ awareness of human rights risks remains a key part of our strategy to 
proactively manage human rights at our sites. 
For 2024, we plan to focus on supplier human rights due diligence and have been running operational human 
rights due diligence programs for suppliers and subcontractors.
“  
”
Proactively identifying and managing human rights risks at our sites is a 
fundamental aspect of our strategy. We are committed to providing safe 
and equitable working conditions for all individuals involved in project 
execution, including subcontractors and client-embedded teams.
Anu Anmol
Senior Sustainability Specialist
Human rights
commitment
Human rights
issues prevention
Human rights issues 
identification
Human rights issues 
management
Track performance & 
communication
2023 Sustainability Report 
32
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 33:
GOVERNANCE
2023 Sustainability Report 
33
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 34:
Risk Management
McDermott’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program is aligned with ISO  
31000. Our program is designed to identify, assess, and manage enterprise-
level risks and review the effectiveness of our risk mitigation strategies. 
We maintain a dynamic ERM process to adjust to internal and external 
developments, drawing upon input from multiple areas of the business and a 
wide segment of internal subject matter experts.
We work toward year-on-year improvement in aligning our approach with 
TCFD recommendations. Please see pages 41 to 43 for our TCFD disclosure.
Sustainability Governance
Our dedicated team of Sustainability professionals, with a diverse background in skills and experience, is integrated into 
our global operations teams, overseeing the management and execution of our sustainability strategy. We track and report 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) metrics across all our global sites, with project level quarterly reporting to our 
Executive Committee to increase accountability for ESG factors such as emissions within project execution.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Guide and approve organization’s strategies, approaches 
and financial planning for sustainability and climate change 
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
Setting overall ESG strategy and transition plans 
including setting targets and monitoring progress
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
Develop framework, methodologies and guidance for 
integrating ESG strategy into business operations
SUSTAINABILITY PROJECT LEADS 
Support development and execution 
of sustainability management plans at 
project sites
SUSTAINABILITY EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUPS
Drive sustainability employee awareness 
initiatives and participation in voluntary 
sustainability drives supporting company 
level strategies and values
OPERATIONS SUSTAINABILITY LEADS
Implementing management 
processes to embed sustainability 
in operations
2023 Sustainability Report 
34
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 35:
Business Ethics
At the core of our corporate culture sits our value of 
Integrity, which we consciously and continuously work to 
improve. 
Since 2021, November has been established as our ‘One Team for Integrity’ month. During 
the month, all McDermott employees are invited to participate in various activities that 
enable in-depth conversations on integrity as a team effort, ethical behavior, and awareness 
around McDermott’s Speak Up campaign. The main goal of the month-long program of 
activities is to help further strengthen a culture where people feel that being part of a 
company and a workplace that values integrity is a better place to be and work.
A highlight of the One Team for Integrity month is the Annual McDermott Integrity Award, 
which each year is awarded to three employees who consistently work and lead with 
integrity. Any employee in the company can nominate a colleague who they believe is an 
ethical role model, making the awards even more important because the awardees are in 
fact being recognized by their co-workers rather than by the Compliance team.
“  
”
Bringing together two of our core values, the One 
Team for Integrity month is all about building 
culture, and making our people feel that being in 
compliance with policies, laws, and our McDermott 
values is as important and natural as it is to always 
follow our safety procedures to keep ourselves, our 
colleagues, and our company out of harm’s way.
Olof Arnman
Vice President, Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer
COMPLIANCE TRAINING
Training is a key pillar of our global compliance 
program. By proactively engaging with our 
employees to raise awareness around our Integrity 
value, our ethical standards, and the potential 
consequences of non-compliance for the company 
as well as individuals, we reduce the risk of both 
conscious and inadvertent violations of our Code of 
Business Conduct.
We recently revamped our annual Ethics and 
Compliance training program, making mandatory 
training modules shorter and more engaging, while 
preserving the key messages we want to convey to 
employees. 
 In 2024, we will continue to focus on making our 
compliance program and processes more visible and 
accessible to people through increased in-person 
interaction with leaders and employees and by 
introducing more efficient and user-friendly means 
for people to find information about our policies and 
to speak up about any ethical concerns.
2023 Sustainability Report 
35
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 36:
Supplier ESG Screening
The company requires that current and potential suppliers apply due diligence in 
their own operations. Along with McDermott, suppliers must have zero tolerance for 
slavery, forced labor, child labor, human trafficking, and other areas of unacceptable 
conduct.
In 2023, our Supply Chain teams screened eligible suppliers through an Ethics and Compliance pre-qualification process to identify ethical 
concerns for increased diligence.  The pre-qualification process is designed to confirm that suppliers share McDermott’s values in their 
code of conduct, anti-corruption policies, conflict of interest, and other ethical areas. During 2023, we screened more than 1,700 suppliers, 
and we plan to increase supplier screenings in this coming year. 
We also assess quality, health, and environmental practices of subcontractors to determine that they have the programs necessary to 
protect their own employees and those of McDermott. The McDermott team also plans to assess our subcontractors on sustainability 
and diversity.
 Suppliers who are no longer active are required to undergo a compliance rescreening. In 2023, the rescreening involved 7,522 suppliers.  
For any such supplier to be reactivated, they would need to undergo a compliance rescreening. This improves our overall diligence by 
requiring suppliers that have not had recent business with McDermott to be screened in the same manner as a new supplier.
“  
”
We introduced formal ESG screening of our suppliers in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
If the ESG rating is below a certain threshold, we will advise the buyer that there is a 
potential problem. So far, we have been pleased with the responsiveness, seeing a clear 
opportunity to elevate performance
Don Perez
Director, Procurement
SUPPLIERS' ETHICAL
SCREENINGS CONDUCTED
1,734 
2023 Sustainability Report 
36
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 37:
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
McDermott is committed to securely protecting electronic 
records of our customers, third parties, and employees that are 
created, stored, or transmitted using Company systems.
Data Privacy and Intellectual Property Protection
Specific internal data privacy requirements guide the collection, use, transfer (including international 
boundaries), release, disclosure, and security of such data. These requirements also describe our expectations 
for third parties who process such data on our behalf.
Additionally, there is continuous assessment and improvement involving the identification and protection of 
sensitive information.  Intellectual property protection technology is deployed to monitor and prevent sensitive 
data from being errantly disclosed or stolen from McDermott’s systems.
Cybersecurity
We maintain a cyber risk management program designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate, and respond to 
protect against cybersecurity threats. The program’s underlying controls are based on recognized best practices 
and standards such as International Organization Standardization (ISO) 27001.  We are ISO 27001 certified and 
have been since 2016. Penetration testing is regularly performed by independent, qualified third parties to 
validate the implementation of security policies.
We employ a comprehensive security strategy covering all digital assets in collaboration with cyber partners 
to monitor and maintain the performance and effectiveness of products and services that are deployed within 
McDermott’s environment.
We have a Cybersecurity Operations Center that provides 24/7 monitoring of our global cybersecurity 
environment and coordinates the investigation and remediation of alerts. We continue to consult with external 
cyber vendors to monitor the threat landscape and invest in tools and technologies to protect McDermott.
Cybersecurity Awareness and Training
Our cyber awareness program educates all McDermott employees with access to our systems 
on current cyber threats, equipping them with the skills and habits to protect McDermott’s 
information assets.  We do this with blogs, breaking news, situational communications, targeted 
training, monthly awareness presentations, and assessments.  McDermott personnel with high 
exposure to cyber risk are offered additional security awareness training.  
IT operations teams globally promote the Cybersecurity agenda, awareness, and compliance at 
a local level.  This is supported by a central awareness team and program to deliver regular and 
timely content through such media as email, internal corporate social media channels, and face-
to-face sessions using McDermott TechHuts.
2023 Sustainability Report 
37
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 38:
FRAMEWORK
ALIGNMENT
2023 Sustainability Report 
38
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 39:
FRAMEWORK MAPPING INDEX
* McDermott used these international frameworks as a guide for the 2023 Sustainability Report. References indicate 
full of partial alignment to the standard.
McDermott does not claim compliance with these standards. This index is intended to help stakeholders navigate to 
related topic areas.
McDermott 2023 Sustainability Report Sections GRI Standards * SASB Disclosures 
(IF-EN)
ABOUT THIS REPORT 2-1-a, 2-1-b, 2-3-a, 2-3-c, 2-3-d
OUR PATH
A Message to Our Stakeholders 2-11-a
2023 Sustainability Highlights 2-24-a-ii, 2-7, 403-2
100 Years of McDermott History
Our Vision for the Next Century
MATERIALITY AND STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT IF-EN-160a.2
Materiality 3-1, 3-2-a
Stakeholder Engagement 2-12-b-i, 2-23-b-ii, 2-25-d, 2-29-a-i, 2-29-a-ii, 2-29-
aiii, 2-10-b-i, 308-2-a, 414-2-a, 413-1-a-viii
LEADING WITH SAFETY IF-EN-320a.1
Our Safety Performance 403-9-a-iii, 403-9-a-ii, 403-1-a-ii, 403-9-g
A Focus on Continuous Improvement 403-6-b, 403-8
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP IF-EN-160a.2
What Sets McDermott Apart 305-1-f, 302-2
Decarbonizing Our Operations:
• Energy Management
• Fuel Management
• Marine Operations
• Water Management
• Waste
• Circularity
• Spill Prevention
• Reducing Air Emissions
• Protecting Biodiversity
302-1-b
302-1- 2.1.2,305-1-g,305-2-g
302-4-d
302-1-b,302-4-d,302-4-2.7.2
3-3,303-2-a, 303-1-a,303-1-b, 306-2
306-2
303-2-a, 303-3
303-2-a
305-7-a,
304, 101-2-a-i,101-2-a-iv,101-2-a-ii,101-2-a-iii
IF-EN-160a.2
Supporting Our Customers in the Energy Transition 305-5-e
McDermott 2023 Sustainability Report Sections GRI Standards * SASB Disclosures 
(IF-EN)
PEOPLE
Our Workforce:
• Recruitment and Onboarding
• Talent Retention
• Diversity and Inclusion
• Employee Engagement
• Learning and Development
401-1
401-3
405
402-2-a, 402-2-b
404-3
Our Communities:
• Local Content and Community Engagement 413-1-a-iv, 413-1a-viii, 204-1-a, 406-1-b
Human Rights 2-23-a-ii, 2-23-a-iv, 2-24-iv, 413-1,103-2, 409-1-b
GOVERNANCE IF-EN-510a.3
Sustainability Governance 2-9-a, 2-9-b.2-12-a, 2-12-b, 2-13-a-ii, 2-13-a-ii,2-14-a, 
2-16-a
Risk Management 2-9-a, 2-9-b.2-12-a, 2-12-b, 2-13-a-ii, 2-13-a-ii,2-14-a, 
2-16-a
Business Ethics and Compliance 2-23-f, 2-27
Supplier ESG Screening 308, 414
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 418
PERFORMANCE DATA
2-7,301-1, 302-1, 302-4, 303-1, 303-3-a-i,303-3-a-i, 
303-5, 305-1, 305-2, 305-5, 306-3, 306-4, 306-5, 401-
1, 403-9, 405-1, 403-10-a-ii, 402-2-a, 403-1, 401-a-ii, 
402-2-a, 401-1, 404-3, 3-3-d-ii, 414-2,308-2, 305-4, 
306-1, 303-4, 302-2, 2-4-a-i
IF-EN-320a.1
2023 Sustainability Report 
39
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 40:
No Poverty Zero Hunger Good health 
and wellbeing
Quality 
Education
Gender 
Equality
Clean water 
and sanitation
Affordable and 
clean energy
Decent work 
and Economic 
growth
Industrial 
innovation and 
infrastructure
Reduced 
inequalities
Sustainable 
cities and 
communities
Responsible 
consumption 
and production
Climate Action Life below 
water
Life on land Peace, Justice, 
and strong 
institutions.
Partnerships
for the Goals
Waste management
Climate Change
Local Content
Emission and energy
Human Rights and Worker Welfare
Cyber Security and data privacy
Regulatory changes
Health and Safety
Employee Engagement
Pollution
Sustainable Supply Chain
Risk Management
Corporate Governance
Economic Performance
DE&I
ESG Bugeting
Water Management
Biodiversity
Resource Use and Circular economy
Anti-Corruption and Cyber Security
Ethical Business Conduct
Climate Action and Mitigation
ü ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü ü
ü
ü
ü ü
ü
ü
üüüü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü ü ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü ü ü ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü ü ü ü ü
ü
ü
Sustainable Development Goals Index
2023 Sustainability Report 
40
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 41:
TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX
GOVERNANCE 
TCFD Recommendation: Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related issues and opportunities.
The Governance Committee of McDermott’s Board of Directors oversees our identification, assessment, and management of climate-related risks. The Committee meets quarterly to review our sustainability 
strategy and monitors progress through the year. 
  
Our Executive Vice President (EVP) of Sustainability and Governance and Executive Committee provide direction of our business strategy, including climate change. They periodically assess material climate risk and 
appoint risk owners. Our EVP reports to the Board’s Governance Committee quarterly on material climate-related developments.  
  
McDermott's Sustainability Director and team are responsible for execution of our sustainability strategy, including assessment and management of climate-related risks. They interface with identified risk owners to 
ensure appropriate and timely mitigation plans are in place and actioned.  
STRATEGY 
TCFD Recommendation: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.
We have identified climate-related risks and opportunities under the headings of emerging regulation, technology, legal, market, reputational, acute physical, and chronic physical. These are applicable to our 
operations across short, medium and long-time scales.  
  
Impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on our business, strategy and financial planning are managed with a strong focus on health and safety, continuity of operations, and evolving global energy systems. 
These encompass the wellbeing of our workforce and host communities, vessel, fabrication yard and construction site activities, and helping our customers responsibly develop, produce and deliver the energy 
needed to meet growing demand. 
  
Our climate-related risk assessment carried out in 2023 used the following NGFS (Network for Greening the Financial System) scenarios to guide mitigations for a range of credible future outcomes: the Net Zero 
2050 scenario to indicate early technology adoption, Divergent Net Zero and Delayed Transition scenarios to provide an extreme for transition risks, and the Current Policies scenario to provide an extreme for physical 
climate-related risks. 
McDermott’s climate reporting is guided by TCFD recommendations. We are candid and do not claim full TCFD compliance. This index is designed to help stakeholders 
understand the extent of our alignment with the TCFD recommendations, which we are advancing year on year.
2023 Sustainability Report 
41
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 42:
CLIMATE RELATED RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES IMPACT OUR BUSINESS
CLIMATE RISK MANAGEMENT    
TCFD Recommendation: Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
We manage risks to McDermott's business and stakeholders, including physical and transitional climate-related risks as part of our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), through the following activities on an annual cycle:   
• Each identified risk is assigned a risk manager who develops mitigation plans and provides up-to-date information on the risk register,   
• Quarterly review of risks by the Board of Directors Risk Committee.  
• Audits of the implementation of mitigation plans by an internal audit team.  
  
We perform the following activities on an annual cycle for identification and assessment of enterprise risks, including climate-related risks: Survey of stakeholders and executive management to identify and score risks 
based on potential impact and likelihood, interviews or scenario analysis as needed for new categories of risk, review of priority risks by executive management and the Board, and periodic reassessment of risk scores by 
subject matter experts.  
  
The risk identification process and its results are reviewed by senior operations leadership and then by Executive Management and the Board and reflected in a heat map.  
   
We manage risks to McDermott's business and stakeholders, including climate-related risks, through some standard processes which include activities on an annual cycle:  
Identified risks need to be addressed with action plans. Therefore subject matter experts/ managers develop mitigation plans and maintain track records of improvements on them. These updates are reviewed by the 
Board of Directors' Risk committees quarterly with audit of these activities and implementation process for mitigation plans by internal audit teams to ensure accuracy of monitoring and verification.  
  
Identification, assessment, and management of climate-related risks are an integrated part of our enterprise risk management process. Due to the longer time scales and wider range of potential outcomes, qualitative 
scenario analysis was used to guide the risk assessment stage. 
We anticipate that energy transition projects will form an increasing share of our backlog. 
Examples in our current portfolio include high-voltage direct current (HVDC) substations for 
offshore wind farms in the German North Sea, hydrogen facilities, and carbon capture and 
utilization (CCUS) plants.  
  
Both physical and transitional climate risks, as identified above, pose the potential to interrupt 
our operations and supply chain. We are therefore being proactive in developing mitigation 
plans for such events and applying the appropriate provisions within our project delivery plans. 
 
At one of our facilities, the Batam Fabrication Yard, we conducted an assessment to understand 
and mitigate potential climate-related impacts, with data inspection and workshops to analyze 
climate scenarios and their potential impact on the yard. The process helped us identify key areas to focus efforts in 
enhancing resilience:  
 
1. Disruption of supply chain and logistics   
2. Impact on critical infrastructure  
3. Schedule delays  
4. Labor productivity deterioration  
5. Business interruption to customers  
  
Based on the study, we have developed short-term and long-term recommendations for mitigating risk at the 
yard. Implementing these recommendations will play an important role in avoiding disruptions to business and 
reducing potential operational impacts. The recommendations will be subject to ongoing monitoring to ensure their 
implementation and continued effectiveness. 
2023 Sustainability Report 
42
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 43:
METRICS AND TARGETS 
TCFD Recommendation: Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
To consistently score risks, our enterprise risk management process uses established scales for likelihoods, and for potential impacts under the following categories: financial, reputational, health, safety & security, 
environmental and social. High scoring risks are subject to strengthened management and oversight measures. Climate-related risks are scored using the same scales as other enterprise risks. 
  
McDermott uses a marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) to identify opportunities to decarbonize our operations, with abatement benefits organized by their potential costs. We continue to evaluate sustainability 
initiatives based on our values, the needs and targets of our customers, the interests of our employees and stakeholders, and cost-benefit analysis. Please refer to page 46 for disclosure of our 2023 greenhouse gas 
emissions.  
 
Our company has set climate related targets and tracks progress each year, that can be seen in this report.
2023 Sustainability Report 
43
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 44:
DATA TABLES
2023 Sustainability Report 
44
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 45:
Safety Performance
[1] Direct workhours cover employees on McDermott payroll and non-McDermott employees under McDermott’s direct supervision. Combined workhours covers McDermott-hired subcontractors performing work scope under their supervision at McDermott-controlled site/facility in addition to direct workhours.
[2] TRIR = Total Recordable Incident x 200,000/Workhours.
[3] L TIR = Lost Time Incident x 200,000/Workhours.
[4] Incidents with a Potential Risk Rating of ≥ 16 that caused or had the potential to cause harm to personnel.
[5] Productive, meaningful interactions between leaders and employees increase employee engagement and strengthen commitment to the company’s QHSES policy. Leadership engagements are designed to increase understanding and control of workplace risks, help recognize and reinforce good practices, and become aware of, intervene in, and address unsafe 
conditions and/or acts. Measurement is obtained by an average of % of Actual Engagement vs. Planned, % of Action Completed vs. Total Actions from Engagements, and % of Feedback Provided vs. Total Feedback Required. 
[6] Environmental risks at McDermott sites are evaluated by identifying aspects and determining the potential impacts associated with McDermott’s activities, products, and services. This provides the process for identifying controls to manage the associated impacts. The effectiveness of these risk assessments is verified through regular review and monitoring. 
Measurement is obtained by Total Environment Aspects and Impacts Assessment Completed vs. Total Environment Aspects and Impacts Assessment Required.
[7] All employees shall be trained and competent to safely and efficiently carry out assigned tasks. Established training matrices define the minimum training requirements of every employee, dependent on their role. Measurement obtained by Completed Training vs. Mandatory Training.
[8] A near miss is an undesired event that, under slightly different circumstances, could have harmed people, the environment, or property or resulted in loss of production. Near misses provide an opportunity to proactively address underlying issues, improve HSES processes, and prevent incidents. Regardless of its potential severity, every near-miss incident is 
investigated and reviewed to identify root causes and implement actions to prevent undesired events from occurring. Measurement obtained by Completed Near Miss Reviews vs. Total Planned.
[9] McDermott’s wellbeing strategy drives the annual health and wellbeing programs and activity plans. Successful implementation of these programs globally is tracked and reported. Measurement by Total Health and Wellbeing Programs Implemented vs. Planned.
[10] Actions from continual improvement processes and tools such as incident investigations, management of change, audits and NCRs are monitored for effective and timely closeouts. Measurement obtained by Total Action Completed/Total Action Planned. 
[11] The outcome of recordable and HIPO incident investigations and root cause analyses are reviewed with the executive leadership to ensure effective incident investigation, execution of corrective actions, and communication of learnings. Measurement obtained by Completed Recordable/HIPO Executive Reviews vs. Total Recordable/HIPO Incidents.
[12] The QHSES Communication platform has been established so employees can effectively communicate QHSES-related issues / concerns and / or recognitions to management and the QHSES Group. Actions from these are monitored for effective and timely closeouts. Measurement obtained by Total Action completed vs. Total Action Raised.
Safety Indicators [1] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Total Recordable Incidents (TRI)
Direct Number 45 43 47 40
Combined Number 58 57 59 43
Total Recordable Incidents Rate 
(TRIR) [2]
Direct Rate 0.1 0.12 0.13 0.1
Combined Rate 0.1 0.12 0.12 0.07
Lost-time Incidents (L TI)
Direct Number 3 2 6 5
Combined Number 3 6 9 5
Lost-time Incidents Rate (L TIR) [3]
Direct Rate 0.01 0.01 0.02 0.01
Combined Rate 0.01 0.01 0.02 0.01
High Potential Incidents (HIPOs) [4]
Direct Number 10 3 5 6
Combined Number 10 3 5 6
Fatalities as a result of work-related 
injuries and ill health
Direct Number 0 0 0 0
Combined Number 0 0 0 0
Hours worked
Direct Number 91,188,950 69,757,637 73,891,545 77,290,075
Combined Number 115,651,629 95,268,048 94,421,385 117,958,659
Safety Indicators [1] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Total near-miss reports Number 763 514 590 423
Workers covered by the undertaking’s health and safety 
management system % 100 100 100 100
Operational sites for which an employee health & safety risk 
assessment has been conducted % 100 100 100 100
Cases of recordable work-related ill health Number 0 0 0 0
Days lost to work-related injuries, fatalities, and ill health Number 30 94 391 332
QHSES Indicators Unit 2023
Leadership Engagement [5] % Completed 82
Environment Aspects & Impacts Compliance [6] % Completed 90
Training Compliance (mandatory) [7] % Completed 93
Near Miss Incident Reviews [8] % Completed 100
Health and Wellbeing Programs [9] % Completed 98
Continual Improvement Action Closeout [10] % Completed 87
Recordable and HIPO Incident reviews [11] % Completed 100
Communication Cards Action Closeout [12] % Completed 84
2023 Sustainability Report 
45
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 46:
Environmental Performance
[1] GHG emissions report follows an operational control approach and includes proportionate GHG emissions from McDermott joint ventures operations with equity share equal or above 15%.
[2] GHG emissions reporting is based on carbon dioxide-equivalent (CO2e), a standard unit for measuring carbon footprints. The conversion factors to calculate CO2e are mainly based on EPA, IEA, and Defra. 
[3] Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by McDermott. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from consumption of electricity, heat, cooling and steam.
[4] Scope 1&2 GHG emissions tCO2e/1,000 workhours.
[5] Scope 1&2 GHG emissions/hours underway; hours underway is defined as hours spent in work and transit.
[6] Includes contributions from own onsite solar panels, onsite-solar power purchased agreements, energy attribute certificates, and renewable electricity agreements with utility providers.
[7] Renewable energy from blended fuels (deriving from both renewable and non-renewable sources) is calculated by proportion of renewable percentage contained in each source, calculation methodology as per Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) recommendations.
GHG Emissions Indicators – Operational Control [1] [2] [3] 
Accounting scope 2 market-based unless otherwise stated Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Scope 1 (direct) tCO2e 183,523 179,948 181,138 183,301
Scope 2 (indirect) - market-based tCO2e 69,286 30,360 16,749 11,237
Scope 2 (indirect) - location-based tCO2e 69,286 63,389 61,069 66,331
Total Scope 1 and 2 tCO2e 252,809 210,308 197,887 194,538
Scope 1 and 2 by site type
Accommodations tCO2e 1,289 654 716 806
Construction site tCO2e 29,024 14,466 16,123 15,291
Fabrication tCO2e 85,076 49,102 41,673 43,430
Logistic site tCO2e 2,244 3,642 1,467 1,124
Office tCO2e 13,360 6,694 7,850 5,619
Vessel tCO2e 121,816 135,751 130,058 128,268
Absolute Scope 1 & 2 reduction versus 2020 base year % - 17 22 23
Carbon Intensity Indicators
Construction Carbon intensity [4] Rate 1.23 0.99 1.43 0.79
Fabrication Carbon Intensity [4] Rate 1.89 1.24 1.06 0.91
Construction and Fabrication Carbon Intensity [4] Rate 1.63 1.16 1.19 0.86
Carbon Intensity of Vessels [5] Rate 5.76 4.14 3.86 3.16
Energy Consumption Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Electricity (Scope 2)
Electricity from grid MWh 129,481 109,535 105,862 122,889
Heat consumption from grid MWh 1,764 1,293 971 781
Electricity from onsite solar 
(own and PPA) MWh 0 0 18 4,209
Total MWh 131,245 110,828 106,851 127,879
Fuel (Scope 1)
Diesel (direct) MWh 694,524 657,580 682,399 673,555
Gasoline (direct) MWh 13,366 9,952 13,632 11,447
Propane (direct) MWh 1,736 1,414 1,316 1,965
Natural gas (direct) MWh 10,526 6,437 7,714 8,593
Used oil (direct) MWh 42 33 0 53
Biodiesel 20% (direct) MWh 0 284 357 0
Biodiesel 30% (direct) MWh 0 26,300 32,235 4,287
Biodiesel 35% (direct) MWh 0 0 0 27,970
Total MWh 720,194 702,000 737,653 727,870
Energy Consumption (Scope 1 and 2) MWh 851,439 812,828 844,504 855,749
Renewable Energy (Scope 1 and 2)
Renewable Electricity [6]
MWh 0 42,641 66,796 98,244
% 0 38 63 77
Renewable Fuel [7]
MWh 0 7,947 9,742 11,076
% 0 1.1 1.3 1.5
Renewable Energy (Electricity and Fuel)
MWh 0 50,588 76,538 109,320
% 0 6.2 9.1 12.8
2023 Sustainability Report 
46
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 47:
[1] Potable water consumption refers to water obtained from municipal water suppliers and municipal water treatment plants, public or private utilities, and other organizations involved in the provision, transport, treatment, or use of water. Drinking water provided in single-use bottles or jars may not be included in this definition.
[2] Water withdrawal considers water drawn from surface water or a third party considered as customer-supplied water, water trunks purchased, and external sources not considering municipal, local, or city water supplied directly to MDR sites.
[3] Water reused includes the sum of all water reused or recycled for different purposes such as landscape irrigation, industrial process water, toilet flushing, dust control, etc. Water reuse accounts not only for total water consumption that has been reused but also for water captured from natural resources and stored for use at sites (e.g., rainwater captured on 
artificial ponds). 
[4] Waste is reported by waste type, stream, and disposal method associated considering local regulations definition at the point of generation, except for Hazardous waste which also includes all medical and electronic waste. The waste diversion ratio provides a measurable relation to compare the total waste disposed versus the waste that was diverted from going 
to a landfill, incinerated, or other (hauled off-site, on-site discharge, open burning, permitted discharged, treatment).
[5] Reuse waste data is a gap mitigated in 2022 and for the sake of consistency and transparency, McDermott continues reporting diversion rates and reduction vs 2020 baseline without accounting for reuse waste.
Environmental Performance (continued)
Water Indicators [1] [2] [3] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Water Consumption
Potable water m3 784,233 701,265 783,193 842,583
Water withdrawal m3 591,817 271,211 253,475 302,544
Total  m3 1,376,050 972,476 1,036,668 1,145,127
Water Consumption reduction vs 2020 baseline % - 29.3 24.7 16.8
Water reused m3 13,479 22,887 21,863 16,691
Water reuse ratio % 0.98 2.35 2.11 1.46
Waste Indicators [4]
Waste
Solid metric ton 508,616 882,521 906,700 173,268
Liquid m3 126,833 199,068 74,661 377,841
Waste Diverted
Solid metric ton 372,262 857,796 885,820 126,060
Liquid m3 380 151 143 945
Solid % 73.2 97.2 97.7 72.8
Liquid % 0.3 0.1 0.2 0.3
Waste [5]
Solid metric ton 176,813 159,460 88,443 171,907
Liquid m3 126,820 199,051 74,661 377,841
Waste Diverted [5]
Solid metric ton 40,459 134,736 67,563 124,698
Liquid m3 366 134 143 945
Solid % 22.9 84.5 76.4 72.5
Liquid % 0.3 0.1 0.2 0.3
Reduction vs 2020 baseline [5] Solid % - 9.8 50 2.8
Waste by Type [4] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Non-Hazardous 
Solid metric ton 110,537 37,712 42,780 91,615
Liquid m3 9 16 26 4
Hazardous
Solid metric ton 10,428 7,628 7,382 17,311
Liquid m3 407 118 117 941
Construction and Demolition Solid metric ton 387,650 837,180 856,538 64,342
Wastewater Liquid m3 126,417 198,934 74,518 376,896
Waste by Disposal Method [4] 
Landfill Solid metric ton 131,182 24,260 20,280 46,519
Incinerated
Solid metric ton 2,170 457 594 689
Liquid m3 49 0 0 0
Other non-diverted waste
Solid metric ton 3,002 7 6 55
Liquid m3 126,404 198,917 74,518 376,896
Reuse
Solid metric ton 331,802 723,061 818,257 1,362
Liquid m3 13 17 0 0
Recovery
Solid metric ton 145 388 698 141
Liquid m3 71 47 70 11
Recycling
Solid metric ton 38,162 132,723 56,717 94,438
Liquid m3 213 87 72 81
Composting Solid metric ton 521 243 123 201
Resell Solid metric ton 551 1,199 9,952 29,785
Waste to Energy
Solid metric ton 1,081 183 73 79
Liquid m3 82 0 0 852
2023 Sustainability Report 
47
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 48:
Environmental Performance (continued)
[1] Environmental Significance Incidents defined as moderated impact, level III or above: 2020-2021 definition includes spills reportable to regulatory agencies, any spill to water, quantities greater than or equal to 0.095 cubic meters (m3). From 2022 on, the definition includes releases to the environment reportable to regulatory agencies that trigger an agency 
official notification of a violation, improvement plan, fine or visit, or spill quantities greater than or equal to 0.095 m3.
[2] For each spill, report the total spill volume in liters and the type of material spilled, e.g., oil, concrete washout, fuels, etc. (QHSES-ENV-PR-00600.00 Environmental Performance Indicators (EPI) V. 3.0)
Environmental Significant Incidents Indicators [1] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Air
Event/s Number 1 0 0 0
Release Type Description Natural Gas/ Liquid Vapor 0 0 NA
Amount Pound 1,015 0 0 0
Land
Event/s Number 1 1 2 3
Release Type Description Hydraulic Oil Hydraulic Oil 1.6 m3 Wastewater + 0.151 m3 Oil
0.1 m3 Septic Effluent (#3423) + 0.095 
m3 Hydraulic Oil (#4043) + 0.6m3 
Septic Effluent (#4356)
Amount m3 0.13 0.15 1.751 0.795
Water
Event/s Number 4 2 2 0
Release Type Description Hydraulic Oil Hydraulic Oil 1.9 m3 Hydrostatic Test Water + 0.1 m3 
Mono Ethylene Glycol NA
Amount m3 0.006 0.0003 2.000 0
Total L-3 Number 6 3 4 3
Loss of Containment Indicators [2] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Top 3 materials Material Description 
and m3
Wastewater 5.005 Oil (Hydraulic, Motor, etc.) 0.764 Hydrostatic Test Water 1.911 Septic Effluent 0.710
Sewage 1.578 Diesel 0.247 Oil (Hydraulic, Motor, etc.) 1.784 Hydraulic oil 0.423
Oil (Hydraulic, Motor, etc.) 1.548 Antifreeze / Coolant 0.027 Wastewater 1.607 Diesel 0.207
Total amount m3 29.091 1.177 6.191 1.682
2023 Sustainability Report 
48
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 49:
[1] Employees with a direct McDermott contract during the reporting year, excluding contingent workers. Headcount parameters (Hires and Terminations) in the following year’s report may vary due to post-processing.
[2] Headcount data is likely to have minor adjustments for previous years due to data rectification.
People [1]
Workforce Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Total number of Employees [2] Number 28,103 25,624 27,680 31,494
Full Time Employees
Number 23,490 22,326 24,249 27,718
% 83.60 87.10 87.60 88.00
Part Time Employees
Number 4,613 3,298 3,431 3,776
% 16.40 12.90 12.40 12.00
Professional Employees
Number 12,136 11,635 12,465 12,809
% 43.20 54.60 45.00 40.70
Craft Employees
Number 15,926 13,989 15,215 18,685
% 56.70 45.40 55.00 59.32
Uncategorized Employees Number 41 0 0 0
Nationalities represented by Employees Number 108 106 109 112
Number of Countries Workforce hosted Number 32 35 38 30
Average Employee Age Number 41.03 41.81 41.57 41.4
Average Tenure Number 6.64 7.36 6.45 6.12
Employee Generation Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Silent Generation (1928-1945)
Number 9 7 5 3
% 0.03 0.03 0.02 0.01
Baby Boomers (1946-1964)
Number 2,362 1,930 1,735 1,693
% 8.40 7.53 6.27 5.38
Gen X (1965-1980)
Number 11,022 10,141 10,096 10,747
% 39.22 39.58 36.47 34.12
Millennials (1981-1996)
Number 13,650 12,478 14,208 16,078
% 48.57 48.69 51.33 51.05
Gen Z (1997-2012)
Number 1,040 1,053 1,636 2,971
% 3.70 4.11 5.91 9.43
Age Data Not Available
Number 20 15 0 2
% 0.07 0.05 0.00 0.01
Total Workforce by Gender Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Men
<30 years Number 3,327 2,489 2,815 3,728
between 30 and 50 years Number 17,161 15,975 17,239 19,135
>50 years Number 4,956 4,810 5,145 5,872
Age Data Not available Number 18 15 0 3
Total % 90.6 90.9 91.0 91.2
Women
<30 years Number 478 403 491 642
between 30 and 50 years Number 1,740 1,521 1,575 1,605
>50 years Number 390 380 384 422
Age Data Not available Number 2 2 0 0
Total % 9.3 9.0 8.9 8.5
Other/Not 
Disclosed
<30 years Number 9 7 9 21
between 30 and 50 years Number 18 16 15 58
>50 years Number 4 6 7 8
Age Data Not available Number 0 0 0 0
Total % 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.3
2023 Sustainability Report 
49
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 50:
[1] Employees with a direct McDermott contract during the reporting year, excluding contingent workers. Headcount parameters (Hires and Terminations) in the following year’s report may vary due to post-processing.
[2] Company Levels are reported according to internal procedure grade: Executive level accounts employees' grade 15; Sr management level accounts employees from grade 11 to 14; Management level is relative to grades 9 and 10; Professional level accounts grade 5 to 8; Entry level is relative to grade 1 to 4; 
Unspecified level accounts employees where the grade is not determined in HR systems.
People [1] (continued)
Workforce Gender by Company Level Indicators [2] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Board Level
Female
 Number - 1 1 1
% - 10 10 10
Male
 Number - 9 9 9
% - 90 90 90
Executive Level
Female
 Number 1 2 2 1
% 11 29 22 13
Male
 Number 8 5 7 7
% 89 71 78 88
Not Specified
 Number 0 0 0 0
% 0 0 0 0
Sr. Management Level
Female
Number 42 35 40 38
% 11 10 12 11
Male
Number 326 311 302 309
% 89 90 88 89
Not Specified
Number 0 1 0 0
% 0 0 0 0
Management Level
Female
Number 168 172 190 200
% 11 12 13 13
Male
Number 1,333 1,225 1,281 1,334
% 89 88 87 87
Not Specified
Number 0 0 0 1
% 0 0 0 0
Workforce Gender by Company Level Indicators [2] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Professional Level
Female
Number 1,380 1,249 1,331 1,428
% 14 14 14 14
Male
Number 8,341 7,951 8,439 8,926
% 86 86 86 86
Not Specified
Number 7 6 7 8
% 0 0 0 0
Entry Level
Female
Number 1,004 848 887 1,003
% 6 6 6 5
Male
Number 15,428 13,796 15,169 18,162
% 94 94 94 94
Not Specified
Number 24 22 24 77
% 0 0 0 0
Unspecified Level
Female
Number 15 0 0 0
% 37 0 0 0
Male
Number 26 1 1 0
% 63 100 100 0
Not Specified
Number 0 0 0 0
% 0 0 0 0
2023 Sustainability Report 
50
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 51:
[1] Employees with a direct McDermott contract during the reporting year, excluding contingent workers. Headcount parameters (Hires and Terminations) in the following year’s report may vary due to post-processing.
People [1] (continued)
Professional Workforce by Gender Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Men
<30 years Number 781 654 870 975
between 30 and 50 years Number 6,782 6,678 7,019 6,994
>50 years Number 2,217 2,179 2,327 2,447
Age Data Not available Number 18 14 0 1
Total % 80.7 81.9 82.0 81.3
Women
<30 years Number 414 367 438 544
between 30 and 50 years Number 1,575 1,391 1,450 1,457
>50 years Number 344 345 357 384
Age Data Not available Number 2 2 0 0
Total % 19.2 18.1 18.0 18.6
Other/Not Disclosed
<30 years Number 1 2 2 2
between 30 and 50 years Number 2 1 0 2
>50 years Number 0 2 2 3
Age Data Not available Number 0 0 0 0
Total % 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.1
Craft Workforce by Gender Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Men
<30 years Number 2,544 1,835 1,945 2,753
between 30 and 50 years Number 10,365 9,297 10,220 12,141
>50 years Number 2,729 2,631 2,818 3,425
Age Data Not available Number  1  2
Total % 98.2 98.4 98.5 98.1
Women
<30 years Number 56 36 53 98
between 30 and 50 years Number 158 130 125 148
>50 years Number 46 35 27 38
Age Data Not available Number     
Total % 1.6 1.4 1.3 1.5
Other/Not Disclosed
<30 years Number 8 5 7 19
between 30 and 50 years Number 16 15 15 56
>50 years Number 4 4 5 5
Age Data Not available Number     
Total % 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.4
2023 Sustainability Report 
51
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 52:
[1] Employees with a direct McDermott contract during the reporting year, excluding contingent workers. Headcount parameters (Hires and Terminations) in 
the following year’s report may vary due to post-processing.
[2] Average yearly Headcount is used to calculate Turnover rates (same methodology applied to distinct categories).
[3] Voluntary Termination for All Employees. Voluntary Termination Included Retirements, and not including any Transfers or Country Reassignments.
[4] Involuntary termination for all employees and not including transfers or country reassignments.
People [1] (continued)
Turnover Indicators [2] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Average Headcount Number 30,041 26,765 26,909 29,717
Total Turnover (professional, craft, and uncategorized) 
Number 19,828 11,898 8,872 6,305
% 66.00 44.45 32.97 21.22
Professional Turnover
Number 6,892 2,750 2,870 2,371
% 51.94 23.33 23.61 18.99
Craft Turnover
Number 12,339 9,146 6,002 3,934
% 85.39 61.14 40.80 23.04
Uncategorized Turnover
Number 597 2 0 0
% 25.73 10.00 0 0
Voluntary Turnover [3]
Number 3,893 3,002 3,622 3,568
% 12.96 11.22 13.46 12.01
Involuntary Turnover [4]
Number 15,935 8,896 5,250 2,737
% 53.04 33.24 19.51 9.21
Turnover by Gender
Men
<30 years Number 3,054 2,127 1,271 933
between 30 and 50 years Number 10,124 6,927 5,489 3,844
>50 years Number 3,549 1,902 1,387 968
Age Data Not available Number 1,042 12 9 1
Women
<30 years Number 334 200 163 122
between 30 and 50 years Number 1,093 569 420 339
>50 years Number 445 130 97 72
Age Data Not available Number 94 1 2
Other / Not Disclosed
<30 years Number 24 12 7 7
between 30 and 50 years Number 40 13 20 15
>50 years Number 7 5 7 4
Age Data Not available Number 22 0 0 0
Recruitment Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
New Hires Number 6,952 9,735 11,376 10,222
New Hires: Female Number 428 604 817 747
Female Resigned Number 392 374 428 378
Net Increase in Female Employees Number 36 230 389 373
New Hires by Gender and Age Group Indicators
Men
<30 years Number 1,670 1,830 2,121 2,400
between 30 and 50 years Number 3,869 5,954 7,145 5,834
>50 years Number 924 1,285 1,232 1,121
Women
<30 years Number 164 188 302 339
between 30 and 50 years Number 205 347 457 344
>50 years Number 57 68 58 64
Other/Not Disclosed
<30 years Number 17 10 20 32
between 30 and 50 years Number 21 28 31 76
>50 years Number 3 14 8 9
Age Data Not available Number 22 11 2 3
2023 Sustainability Report 
52
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 53:
[1] External audits on Labor & Human rights is a new KPI that McDermott will start disclosing.
People (continued)
Social Responsibility Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Community Grievance
Sites with grievance Number 8 8 8 4
Number received Number 25 8 26 24
Number addressed Number 18 8 26 22
Supplier Diversity Spend
Diverse and small businesses USD 129M 95M 88M 88.3M 
Minority USD 18.6M 8.5M 7.9M 11.2M 
Women Owned USD 69.5M 14.7M 14M 15M 
Veteran-owned businesses and disabled veteran-owned businesses USD 11M 6.5M 5M 7.8M 
External audits
Labor and human rights [1] Number - - - 5
2023 Sustainability Report 
53
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 54:
[1] Training Indicators captured by Training and Organizational Development systems. 
[2] Average hours of learning per employee is calculated based on total learning hours (facilitated and digital) and 
taking into consideration the total number of employees disclosed in Workforce Indicators.
[3] Training Indicators captured by Training and Organizational Development systems.
[4] Nomination-based program for senior female leaders.
[5] Nomination-based program for new and existing managers.
[6] Nomination-based program for high-potential future leaders.
Learning and Development
Talent and Organizational Development Training Indicators [1] Unit 2023
Average hours of learning per employee [2] Rate 3
Learning Hours (facilitated) Hours 8,646
Learning Hours (digital) Hours 85,975
Facilitated Learning Indicators
Business Acumen Series
Attendees 696
Hours 696
Core Value Series
Attendees 577
Hours 577
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Attendees 47
Hours 85
Global Core Processes
Attendees 1,333
Hours 1,305
Lean Six Sigma
Attendees 521
Hours 1,563
Optimizing Performance Series
Attendees 542
Hours 542
Partner Programs
Attendees 1,188
Hours 1,245
Quality, Health and Safety
Attendees 22
Hours 11
Talent and Organizational Development Training Indicators [1] Unit 2023
Leadership Academy (facilitated training) Indicators [3]
Advancing Women's Leadership [4]
Assigned Employees 22
Hours 550
Core Management [5]
Assigned Employees 131
Hours 1,048
IMPACTT 2023 [6]
Assigned Employees 55
Hours 776
RISE 2023 [7]
Assigned Employees 25
Hours 248
Digital Learning Indicators
Culture Wizard [8]
Users 1,081
Hours 574
LinkedIn Learning [9]
Users 1,120
Hours 19,402
mentorcliQ [10]
Users 352
Hours 949
Percipio [11]
Users 12,084
Hours 65,050
Targeted Employees Indicators [12]
High Potential
Identified Employees 346
Hours 6,619
Top Talent
Identified Employees 54
Hours 1,314
[7] 
[8]  
[9] 
[10] 
[1 1]
[12]
Nomination-based program for high-potential female future leaders.
Third-party platform delivering culture awareness content.
Third-party platform delivering digital content covering a broad range of topics. 
Third-party platform managing mentoring relationships and interaction activities.
Third-party platform delivering corporate, compliance and governance content.
Identified through the Talent Review Process, these employees have demonstrated the ability and aspiration to be successful leaders in 
McDermott and need to measure their engagement in development programs to support retention and succession planning objectives.
2023 Sustainability Report 
54
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 55:
[1] Ethics and compliance e-learning trainings are assigned to eligible employees. Employee eligibility is determined by grade (grade 6 and above) and subject to CECO-approved inclusion, exclusion, or subsequent assignment waivers that are provided annual ethics and compliance training. 
[2] QHSES training programs are assigned to specific employees and provide the knowledge and skills to recognize potential hazards and risks and to identify acceptable means and methods to mitigate these risks to prevent injury to personnel, environment, pollution, damage to property, security threat to personnel and company assets. QHSES trainings 
account facilitated and digital training.
[3] This course provides employees with knowledge and skills on McDermott’s QHSES systems, procedures, programs, and tools and how they should be applied at worksites.
[4] This course is designed to provide a comprehensive overview of McDermott's environmental aspects and impact assessment process. This provides an in-depth understanding of the key concepts related to Environmental Aspects & Impacts, including the identification of the personnel responsible for identifying environmental aspects and impacts at the 
sites, the process of assessing activities, products, and services, and the identification of controls to reduce or mitigate negative impacts to the environment.
[5] This course introduces to McDermott Spill Prevention and Control process, covering topics such as recognizing the areas with potential spills,  identifying appropriate controls to prevent or reduce the impact of spills on the environment, using appropriate forms when conducting inspections, and understanding of elements of Spill Prevention and Control Plan.
[6] This course explains McDermott’s minimum requirements for the waste management program. It also describes the company’s commitment to waste stewardship, waste reduction, reuse and recovery, and pollution prevention. 
[7] This course explains the minimum measures to protect water resources at McDermott sites that have an activity, product, or service that uses water in a process or generates wastewater and locations that conduct activities or services or have materials or products exposed to stormwater or runoff.
[8] Every year Performance management process criteria is revised, according to HR leadership. Eligibility criteria of professional employees is determined by user person type, job group, cost centers, and job title. 
[9] Company internal mentorship program tracked on mentorcliQ (third-party platform managing mentoring relationships and interaction activities). McDermott also supports mentorship/sponsorship/development engagements between employees, usually performed at local level, which are not accounted in the global Mentoring Program.
Learning and Development (continued)
Ethics and Compliance Training Indicators [1] Unit 2023
Facilitated training on Ethics & Compliance topics
Attendees 743
Hours 743
Code of Business Conduct e-learning (Prevention of forced labor, conflict of interest, anti-
corruption, and privacy and information security components included)
Assigned employees 7,841
% Completed 96
QHSES Training Indicators [2] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
QHSES training 
Attendees 20,111 22,986 22,880 21,518
Hours 470,368 446,962 520,166 562,871
QHSES Induction [3] % Completed 97 96 96 94
Environmental Aspects & Impact [4] % Completed 99 74 84 92
Spill prevention and control [5] % Completed - 77 83 94
Waste management [6] % Completed 95 77 82 90
Water management [7] % Completed - 68 83 92
Career Development Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Performance Management
Eligible employees who completed the annual performance review [8]
Number - 6,082 8,856 9,994
% Completed - 74 88 95
Career Development
Global Mentoring Program [9] 
Number enrollments 661 136 248 140
Number mentees 421 86 173 102
Number mentors 240 50 75 38
2023 Sustainability Report 
55
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 56:
[1] Change in numbers versus last year’s reports to mitigate reporting duplication of cases that arise from Inquiry/Requests. In prior years we reported Inquiry/Requests category which was later identified as double counting since Inquiry/Request cases are closed and a new case re-opened to obey the correct 
classification and procedure (in accordance with Issue type).
[2] Cases relative to Inappropriate Behavior, Gifts, Bribes and Kickbacks, Fraud or Embezzlement, Conflict of Interest, Misuse of Resources, Theft, Disclosure of confidential information, procurement activity concerns, conduct or policy violations, quality control, legal and regulatory violations, accounting/ auditing 
practices, antitrust or fair trading, falsification or destruction of information.
[3] Cases related to Unfair Employment Practices, Employment or Disciplinary Action.
[4] Harassment, Discrimination, Threats or Physical violence, Retaliation or Retribution.
[5] Environment, Health and Safety & Substance Abuse.
[6] Cases relative to topics not captured by Governance, Labor, Human rights, Health, Safety and Environment categories.
[7] Eligible suppliers are composed of all suppliers with which the company contracts for projects and business-related goods and services. This typically would exclude individuals and entities such as utilities, governmental agencies, credit card and other invoice-only payees, claimants, and court-ordered payees, etc.
[8] Suppliers are screened for ESG using a 3rd party supplier risk management software. An attempt is made to screen all eligible suppliers. Not all suppliers are listed in the risk management software resulting in a delta between eligible suppliers screened and suppliers screened for ESG. ESG component of overall risk 
profile was made available in 2023. Suppliers' screenings may be solicited outside of an eligibility request.
[9] 2020 and 2021 percentages not disclosed due to uncertainty of the total number of suppliers of those years (denominator for accurate percentage calculation).
Governance 
Governance Indicators [1] Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Speak Up! Cases (received and addressed via Ethics and Compliance) Number 201 152 134 142
Cases by Issue Type
Governance [2] Number 80 65 42 39
Labor [3] Number 53 39 34 31
Human Rights [4] Number 43 24 23 47
Health, Safety and Environment [5] Number 22 5 10 8
Other [6] Number 3 19 25 17
Supply Chain Indicators Unit 2020 2021 2022 2023
Number of suppliers screened 
Number of eligible suppliers screened [7]
Number 3,179 2,234 1,961 1,254
% 100 100 100 100
Number of suppliers screening for environment, social, & governance in Dun and Bradstreet supplier risk management [8]
Number - - - 1,734
% - - - 100
Number of suppliers who have signed the McDermott Code of Business Conduct [9]
Number 3,179 2,234 1,961 1,254
% - - 76 72
2023 Sustainability Report 
56
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 57:
Abbreviations
AI Artificial Intelligence
AIP Approval in Principle
API American Petroleum Institute
BFY Batam Fabrication Yard  
CCUS Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage
CII Construction Industry Initiative
CO2 Carbon
DB 50 Derrick Barge 50
EIA Environmental Impacts Aspects
EPC Engineering, Procurement and Construction
EPCI Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Installation
ERG Employee Resource Groups
ERM Enterprise Risk Management
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
FEED Front-end Engineering Design
FPU Floating Production Unit
FPSO Floating Production Offloading and Storage
GHG Greenhouse Gas Emissions
GRI Global Reporting Initiative
H&S Health and Safety
H2 Hydrogen
HSE Health, Safety and Environment
HVDC High Voltage Direct Current
HWAC Health and Well-being Advisory Council
IF-EN Infrastructure – Engineering & Construction Services metrics
IMCA International Marine Contractors Association
IOGP International Association of Oil and Gas Producers
IPIECA International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation
ISO International Organization for Standardization
JM Johnson Matthey
KBR Kellogg, Brown and Root
KPIs Key Performance Indicators
L Liters
LCH Low Carbon Hydrogen
LH2 Liquid Hydrogen
LNG Liquefied Natural Gas
L TIR Lost Time Incident Rate
M3 Cubic meters
MW Megawatts
MWh Megawatt-hour
PAU Petroleum Authority Uganda
PEM Proton Exchange Membrane
QHSES Quality, Health, Safety, Environment, & Security
QMW Qingdao McDermott Wuchuan
SAF Sustainable Aviation Fuels
SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
SWO Stop Work Obligation
TCFD Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures
tCO2e Tonnes of carbon equivalent
TRIR Total Recordable Incident Rate
UN SDGs United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
2023 Sustainability Report 
57
Our Path Materiality and 
Stakeholder Engagement Leading with Safety Environmental 
Stewardship People Governance Framework
Alignment Data Tables

Page 58:
mcdermott.com

