Page 1:
Sustainability 
Report 2023
Essential
SolutionsSustainable 
Future

Page 2:
Content
Click on the chapter title for the the first page of the corresponding chapter
The purpose of this report is to explain how we partner with our customers, suppliers, employees, and other key stakeholders to deliver solutions and drive sustainable progress. This report 
documents Nouryon’s sustainability performance in aligment with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) disclosure requirements and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
Cautionary Statement:  The information in this publication is believed to be accurate at the date of its publication and is given in good faith, but no representation or warranty as to its completeness or accuracy is made. Statements in this publication are merely views based on the 
best knowledge available to Nouryon. Some statements and in particular forward-looking statements, by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will or may occur in the future and actual results may differ from 
those expressed in such statements as they depend on a variety of factors beyond Nouryon’s control. Minor corrections to historical data may be made to improve accuracy or based on methodology updates.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       2

Page 3:
Message from our Chairman and CEO
I am pleased to present an in-depth overview of Nouryon’s 
sustainability progress and achievements over the past year 
in our 2023 Sustainability Report. Nouryon's commitment 
to sustainability is embedded in our strategy, core values 
and business operations. The report highlights the 
significant strides that we took during the year to deliver on 
our Company purpose: Your partner in essential solutions 
for a sustainable future.
Our Commitment to a Sustainable Future
At Nouryon, we are committed to providing our customers 
with sustainable solutions and to making positive 
contributions to the environment and society. Our ability 
to adapt and innovate for our customers, and collaborate 
closely with partners, has served as a foundation for 
Nouryon's leading safety, sustainability, and financial 
performance within our industry. 
In 2023, Nouryon received an A- score for global climate 
leadership from CDP, a company that is considered 
the gold standard of environmental reporting and 
maintains the world's most comprehensive collection of 
corporate environmental data. Additionally, we earned an 
EcoVadis Gold rating for our sustainability achievements, 
placing Nouryon in the top 5% of companies then rated 
by EcoVadis, the largest global provider of business 
sustainability ratings. 
Highlights of Our 2023 Performance and Sustainability 
Progress
Our dedicated efforts in 2023 resulted in progress across 
multiple areas of our sustainability commitment and 
contributed to our financial performance. In 2023, nearly 
32% of our full-year revenue was derived from our portfolio 
of Eco-Premium1 Solutions, affirming our commitment to 
sustainable innovation and the development of products 
with sustainability benefits. Other notable achievements in 
2023 include:
Continuously Improving Our Safety and Environmental 
Performance:
• Top quartile people safety performance according to 
the most recent American Chemistry Council (ACC) 
benchmark data with a 78% decrease in our process 
safety incident rate and a 3% decrease in our OSHA 
Incident Rate (OIR) versus our 2019 baseline.
• Industry recognition including the 2023 Responsible 
Care Company Award, 13 awards from the Texas 
Chemical Council (TCC) and Association of Chemical 
Industry of Texas, US, and a Safety Award by the 
Association of International Chemical Manufacturers 
(AICM) in China. 
• We achieved a 14% reduction in total absolute Scopes 1 
and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions between 2019 
and 2023, with 54% of our total electricity now being 
derived from renewable and low carbon sources. 42% of 
our total electricity consumption was derived from solely 
renewable sources, compared to 36% in 2019, and 33% 
of total energy, including steam, coming from renewable 
sources compared to 30% in 2019.
• Additionally, in 2023, 25 of our locations are now sourced 
with 100% renewable and/or low carbon electricity.
Growing and Innovating Our Essential and Sustainable 
Solutions:
• 74% of our R&D product pipeline2 was focused on 
solutions with sustainability benefits.
• We introduced innovative products with sustainability 
benefits, such as antimicrobial active Triameen ® Y12D, 
Kromasil® 100Å diC4 spherical silica, Berol ® Nexxt 
surfactant, and Dissolvine ® GL Premium chelating agent. 
• We achieved the International Sustainability and 
Carbon Certification standard ISCC PLUS for green 
monochloroacetic acid (MCA) production at our Delfzijl 
site in the Netherlands.
• We started full-scale production of our new Expancel ® 
expandable microspheres plant in Green Bay, Wisconsin, 
US, complementing our existing full-scale plant in 
Sundsvall, Sweden, and product expansion facilities in 
China and Brazil.
• We were awarded the prestigious Ringier Technology 
Innovation Award for two of our new, innovative 
personal care products, Amaze ® SP 100% natural 
polymer and ElfaMoist ® AC humectant.
1  Our Eco-Premium Solutions are products that offer significant sustainability benefits over mainstream alternatives in the market while providing the same or better functionality. For 
more information, see page 64 .
2  In 2023, we introduced a new metric for our product innovation pipeline, called Eco-Solutions in order to highlight the crucial sustainability value drivers, such as bio-based and 
biodegradability, which are vital components of product sustainability in our end-markets. More details available on page 65 .
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       3

Page 4:
Engaging and Partnering with Our Stakeholders and 
Communities: 
•W
e expanded the proportion of our supplier spend
assessed for sustainability by EcoVadis to 66%.
• W
e joined Together for Sustainability (TfS), which
enabled us to strengthen our supplier audit capabilities
and gain access to industry best practices, enhancing
sustainability in our supply chain to benefit our
customers and business partners.
• W
e grew our employee-led Business Resource Groups
and Mentorship program.
• W
e expanded our community partnership, volunteerism,
employee and community engagement, and
philanthropy in the US through initiatives including the
Eagles Autism Challenge and Nouryon All-Pro Teachers
program.
• W
e also continued to support Vatsalya Trust Balikashram,
an orphanage for underprivileged girls in Navi Mumbai,
India, providing shelter, nourishment, medical care,
education, and developmental support to approximately
50 girls, ages 6 to 18 years as well as several other
initiatives around the world that are focused on
engagement and support for our local communities.
Progress through Partnerships and Investments
Our commitment to sustainable growth and innovation 
extends beyond our internal operations to strategic 
investments and collaborations with customers and 
partners. We continued to foster growth through various 
initiatives, including substantial capital investments, 
expansion of our business operations to support regional 
and emerging markets, and the acquisition of ADOB to 
enhance our product offering to customers.
Appreciation and Encouragement
I extend my gratitude to our customers, suppliers, and 
other stakeholders, including our employees, for their 
unwavering commitment throughout 2023. Their passion 
and dedication have been instrumental in the progress we 
have made and continue to make.
In closing, I invite you to read more details of these 
achievements and other key milestones in this report. 
Comprehensive annual sustainability reporting data is also 
included on pages 87-95, providing a transparent view of 
our performance.
Charlie Shaver
Chairman and CEO
32% of revenue from  
Eco-Premium Solutions
54% of our total electricity 
from renewable and/or low 
carbon sources
78% decrease in our process 
safety incident rate, compared 
to 2019
14% reduction in total 
absolute Scopes 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions, compared to 2019
74% of our 2023 R&D product 
pipeline is focused on solutions 
with sustainability benefits
2023 Responsible Care 
Company Award and 13 
awards from the TCC
3% decrease in our OSHA 
Incident Rate, compared to 
2019
66% of our supplier spend 
assessed for sustainability  
by EcoVadis
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       4

Page 5:
3  Headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
4  Headcount and similar metrics may differ slightly depending on exact collection date due to timing of reporting schedules, divestments, and acquisitions, as well as regular workforce fluctuations.
5  Adjusted EBITDA consists of (loss)/profit for the period before finance costs-net, results from joint ventures and associates, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, non-operating income or expenses items, the impact of certain non-cash, or other items that are included 
in profit for the period that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to (loss)/profit for the period is presented below.
6  Adjusted free cash flow is calculated using Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures, in Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets for continuing operations, for the applicable period and is a measure we utilize to assess our operating performance and to assess the 
amount by which our operating cash flows exceed our working capital needs and capital expenditures.
Approximately 8,200 
employees worldwide4
Operating in more than  
80 countries3
13 Innovation and 
Application Centers 
globally
60 manufacturing sites in 
regions around the world
Two business segments 
serving customers and 
markets worldwide
Highlights
$5,188 million revenue
$655 million Adjusted 
Free Cash Flow6
$1,047 million Adjusted 
EBITDA5
Most of our customer 
relationships exceed  
10 years
Retention rate of more than 
95% over the past six years 
of our top 250 customers
1.  About Nouryon
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       5

Page 6:
GRI 2-1, GRI 2-6
Nouryon is a global leader in specialty chemicals, serving 
a diverse set of customers, end-markets, and regions 
around the world. Our business model is customer-centric, 
aiming to provide customized solutions that enhance the 
performance, quality, and sustainability of our customers' 
products. With our approximately 8,200 employees, we 
serve a wide range of industries, including personal care, 
cleaning goods, crop protection, crop nutrition, paints, 
coatings, natural resources, polymers, and packaging. 
Innovative chemistry is the cornerstone of a sustainable 
future. We form partnerships with some of the world's 
leading organizations to develop essential solutions, many 
of which offer sustainable benefits. This underscores why 
sustainability is woven into the fabric of our Company's 
purpose, strategy, and values. Throughout our nearly 400-
year history, our attention to customer needs and societal 
trends, coupled with our ability to transform these into 
business opportunities, has positioned us as a leader in our 
industry in terms of safety and sustainability. This focus has 
consistently yielded robust financial performance, even in 
challenging market conditions.
Success Through Partnerships 
At Nouryon, our purpose is to be your partner in essential 
solutions for a sustainable future. We strongly believe in 
fostering robust relationships and view collaboration as the 
cornerstone of our success. Our unwavering commitment 
lies in understanding the needs of our key stakeholders 
including customers, employees, governments and policy 
makers, industry associations, investors, suppliers, and the 
communities in which we operate. By collaborating with 
them, we integrate their perspectives into our strategic 
decision-making process, driving us towards enhanced value 
for our customers. We actively engage with our customers, 
suppliers, and employees to deliver innovative solutions, 
shaping a safe and sustainable today and tomorrow for all.
1.1  Strategy for Growth 
GRI 2-22
Nouryon's growth strategy is designed to accelerate 
expansion and enhance performance. Our goal is to 
reinforce our leading position in the specialty chemicals 
sector by surpassing our customers' expectations 
with innovative and sustainable solutions that cater to 
their present and future needs. We accomplish this by 
maintaining a customer-centric approach and focusing on 
their requirements in attractive and growing end-markets. 
Accordingly, sustainability is an integral component of our 
purpose, strategy, and values. Our vision is to be the world’s 
leading specialty chemicals company.
We achieve our strategy by enhancing our customer 
offerings and consistently adding new, sustainable solutions 
to our existing portfolio. Our strategy aims at growth in new 
applications and geographies through acquisitions and 
with our existing customers. It also encompasses further 
expansion of our sustainable product offerings. Moreover, 
we strive to maximize the capacity, utilization, and flexibility 
of our production facilities to boost productivity.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       6

Page 7:
We aim high
Nouryon encourages a culture of ambition and 
high performance, setting high standards and 
striving to exceed them.
We own it
Employees at Nouryon are encouraged to take 
ownership of their work, being accountable for 
their actions and decisions. 
We do it right
This value emphasizes the importance of 
integrity and ethical conduct. It means doing the 
right thing, even when no one is watching.
1.2  Our Code of Conduct and Values
Nouryon's commitment to ethical conduct and our values 
are integral to our operations and culture. These values are: 
These are reflected in our Code of Business Conduct 
& Ethics, which outlines our Company's guiding ethical 
principles. Every employee is expected to understand and 
comply with these principles, in addition to all policies and 
applicable laws.
We cultivate a culture of high performance, which includes 
being highly accountable, acting with integrity, and 
embodying ethical business practices. We also continuously 
scrutinize our internal practices through internal and external 
assessments and have procedures for taking appropriate 
corrective action when we identify conduct that falls below 
our high standards. Similarly, we have high standards for 
business partners, as evidenced in our Business Partner 
Code of Conduct, which our partners are expected to 
adopt. This ensures that Nouryon's commitment to ethical 
conduct extends beyond our Company to our wider 
network of partners. This commitment is essential to 
Nouryon's strategy for growth and success.
To be the world’s leading specialty 
chemicals company
Your partner in essential solutions 
for a sustainable future
Our Purpose
Our Vision
Deliver innovative and sustainable 
solutions that answer customers' needs  
– today and in the future
Focus on attractive and growing end-
markets as well as emerging markets
Drive commercial and cost productivity
Three-Pronged Strategy to Drive Growth
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       7

Page 8:
Agriculture and Food 
• Crop protection (includes adjuvants and formulation aids, as 
well as intermediates for pesticides)
• Crop nutrition (includes chelated micronutrients and other 
specialty water-soluble nutrients)
• Food performance (includes thickeners, emulsifiers, and 
antioxidants)
• Food nutrition (includes micronutrients such as fortified iron)
• Feed (includes animal feed and specific animal feed solutions)
Home and Personal Care 
• Personal care (includes skin care emulsions, emollients, and 
active specialties), hair care (conditioning and styling), and 
general personal care
• Home care (includes laundry, dishwashing, and preservatives 
applications in home hygiene and cleaning)
• Industrial and institutional (I&I) cleaning (includes surfactants, 
disinfectants, and other cleaning formulations for industrial, 
institutional and transportation uses)
• Pharma (includes purifiers for active pharmaceutical ingredient 
production, excipients functioning as fillers, thickeners, 
coatings, and binders for the dosage of pharmaceuticals)
Natural Resources
• Oil field production chemicals (includes chemicals to 
enhance oil/gas field production and mid/downstream 
formulation processes)
• Lubes and fuels (include additives for transport lubricants, 
metalworking fluids, grease and fuel mainly driven by 
transportation and machinery markets)
• Mining chemicals (includes flotation collectors, demulsifiers 
and blasting emulsifiers)
• Water treatment (includes water treatment and desalination 
chemicals used in food and beverage, electric power 
generation, water, and sewage and waste)
• Pulp and paper (includes paper and packaging chemicals used 
in pulp making, coatings and finishing, and associated water 
treatment)
Paints and Coatings
• Paints (includes specialty additives such as pigment 
dispersants and preservatives used in waterborne paints with 
strong penetration in architectural and decorative paints)
• Building and construction (includes additives for concrete 
production, sealants, and adhesives)
• Roads (includes non-polymeric asphalt additives and bitumen 
emulsifiers, adhesion promoters/antistrips, and warm-mix 
additives used in road construction and maintenance)
Polymer Specialties
• Construction (includes window profiles, initiators for acrylic 
coating resins, essentials for insulation panels and high-
performance ingredients for insulated power cables)
• Packaging (includes food-delivery packaging and take-away)
• Transportation (includes lightweight solutions enabled by 
our curing agents for the composites industry and essential 
ingredients for new types of elastomers for electric vehicles)
• General Polymer Applications (includes essential ingredients 
in electrification, lightweighting, and energy conservation)
Renewable Fibers 
• Sodium chlorate for a variety of applications, including:
 - Specialty (includes food packaging made with renewable 
and biodegradable materials)
 - Tissue 
 - Fluff (includes hygiene products such as diapers)
 - Paper 
 - Board (includes packing materials such as board and 
packaging paper)
Our Key End-markets:
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       8

Page 9:
Task Force on Climate-
related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD)
Board-level oversight of all 
sustainability-related areas
Carbon Disclosure Project 
(CDP)
Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI)
Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB)
Highlights
2. Strong Governance and Risk Management
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       9

Page 10:
Charlie Shaver serves as the Chairman of the Board and 
the Chief Executive Officer. His dual role, backed by his 
experience in the chemical industry, provides a unified 
leadership structure and promotes swift strategic decision-
making. Out of the 12 members of the Board of Directors, 
five are independent members 7. 
Together with our Risk Management Committee, the 
Board is the highest governance body involved in risk 
management. The Board is regularly updated on strategic 
priorities and initiatives and receives quarterly updates on 
our sustainability progress. 
In 2023, the Board received briefings from internal 
Company experts on several areas, including updates 
related to our global corporate strategy, business 
performance, sustainability performance, capital allocation, 
enterprise risk management, digital and generative 
artificial intelligence strategy, cybersecurity, and people 
development and talent acquisition. The Audit Committee 
received additional briefings on cybersecurity, tax matters, 
internal audit, risk management and internal controls, and 
the IT program. The Board and Committees also receive 
regular policy briefings by management as well as quarterly 
updates about compliance issues.
Nouryon conducts an annual self-evaluation process 
whereby Directors complete a survey related to the 
Board’s performance and effectiveness. These anonymous 
evaluations are presented to the Nominating & Corporate 
Governance Committee of the Board and are discussed in 
interviews with the General Counsel. More information about 
our Board and its Committees can be found on our website.
The implementation of our sustainability strategy 
throughout our organization is a collaborative effort 
involving Nouryon’s Corporate Sustainability team, as well 
as experts in our businesses and functions. To reinforce 
our sustainability governance, we engage both internal 
and external auditors. Furthermore, we conduct an 
annual review of our policies, incorporating both internal 
assessments and external consultations.
Sustainability-related progress is included in our Company 
dashboard and is applicable to all businesses and functions. 
We are currently evaluating the opportunity to include 
climate-related targets in our leadership incentive scheme 
in the coming years. Approval will be required by the 
Compensation Committee.
Nouryon is committed to operating responsibly and with 
integrity. This commitment is reflected in our decision-
making process, our unwavering compliance with regulatory 
requirements, our proactive approach to risk mitigation, and 
other enforcement of our ethical standards. These standards 
not only apply to our relationships with customers and 
suppliers, but also define the ethos of our Company. Our 
robust Governance and Risk Management capabilities ensure 
that we consistently uphold these high standards.
2.1  Governance
GRI 2-9, GRI 2-10, GRI 2-11, GRI 2-14, GRI 2-17, GRI 2-18
Nouryon's Board of Directors (Board) and Nouryon’s 
Leadership Team share oversight of our Company's 
sustainability performance, including sustainability-related 
target setting and the monitoring of progress against 
targets. To support the Board in its duties, there are several 
committees:
• The Corporate Responsibility Committee provides Board-
level oversight on matters of sustainability, health, safety 
and environmental (HSE), product quality, social policies, 
and programs, and other issues that may affect the 
Company’s reputation. 
• The Audit Committee oversees the integrity of our 
financial statements, the effectiveness of our internal 
controls over financial reporting, risk management, 
cybersecurity, tax, and ethical conduct. 
• The Compensation Committee manages the 
compensation of key employees and other aspects of 
the company’s total rewards philosophy and strategy. 
• The Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee 
is responsible for recommending the nomination of 
individuals to serve on our Board and for setting up 
our corporate-governance practices. They ensure that 
the Board has the necessary expertise and diversity in 
terms of, experience, qualifications, knowledge, abilities, 
gender, age, and ethnicity. 
7  Definition of independent determined pursuant to the rules and guidance set forth under EFRS guidance.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       10

Page 11:
Key responsibilities:
Nouryon’s global sustainability 
strategy is overseen by Vice 
President, Chief Sustainability and 
Communications Officer, Vivi Hollertt. 
Vivi shares executive sponsorship of 
our Nouryon Women’s Network BRG 
with Tift Shepherd.
Operational and environmental, 
safety and sustainability is managed 
directly by the Integrated Supply 
Chain (ISC) function, under the 
responsibility of Senior Vice President 
and Chief ISC Officer, Paresh Bhakta. 
This includes overseeing our safety 
performance, greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions and energy use, 
eco-efficiency program, and water-
management strategy, which ensures 
that our sustainability performance 
is supported at all our manufacturing 
sites. Paresh is also the executive 
sponsor of our Nouryon Pride BRG.
Sustainable Sourcing is managed 
by our Vice President and Chief 
Procurement Officer, Stephen Hester.
Human Resources, including 
development and empowerment of 
our people, is overseen by our Senior 
Vice President and Chief Human 
Resources Officer, Tift Shepherd. 
In addition, she shares executive 
sponsorship of our Nouryon 
Women’s Network Business Resource 
Group (BRG) with Vivi Hollertt.
Senior Vice President, South America 
and Global Carbon Business Leader 
Eduardo Nardinelli leads Nouryon’s 
globally coordinated strategic 
planning to meet our GHG emission 
reduction goals.
Senior Vice President and Chief 
Technology Officer (CTO) Philip Clark 
is responsible for the Company’s 
global technology and innovation 
strategies in alignment with the 
Company’s sustainability and growth 
targets. He also serves as the business 
leader that builds research capabilities 
in support of the Company’s strategic 
direction.
Charlie Shaver
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, overseeing all sustainability-
related responsibilities.
Sean Lannon
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial 
Officer, is the Chair of the Disclosure 
Committee and oversees Financial 
Reporting and Tax, and Enterprise Risk 
Management.
G
overnance matters, including with 
respect to our Board, our Delegation of 
Authority policy, Cybersecurity, and 
Executive Compensation, are the 
responsibility of our Executive Vice 
President, B
usiness Affairs, General 
Counsel and Corporate Secretary, 
Michael Finn.
Product Stewardship and sustainable 
product offerings to customers for both 
the Performance Formulations and 
Technology Solutions business segments 
are overseen by our President, Larry Ryan
Nouryon's strategy and asset planning, 
including the Company’s carbon 
management strategies, initiatives, and 
goals are the responsibility of Executive 
Vice President Strategy & Asset Planning 
and President Europe, 
Johan Landfors.
GRI 2-11, GRI 2-13
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       11

Page 12:
2.2  Risk Management 
GRI 2-12, GRI 2-13
Effective risk management is crucial to achieving Nouryon’s 
strategic goals. We employ an Enterprise Risk Management 
(ERM) approach to identify potential rewarded and 
unrewarded risks and take suitable mitigating actions. 
Our ERM approach enhances the decision-making 
process within the Company. Nouryon's approach to 
risk management and internal control is based on the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (COSO8) reference model. It encompasses 
strategic, financial, IT, legal, and business continuity 
components as well as security measures to help ensure 
that we operate in an ethical and responsible manner. We 
drive transparency and accountability through various 
cycles of monitoring and audits, to ensure all mitigating 
actions are completed. 
Our comprehensive ERM approach compels us to 
consistently question whether we are acting appropriately 
to minimize risks and capitalize on growth opportunities, 
including those related to sustainability. It empowers us to 
identify and manage the strategic, operational, financial, 
and compliance risks. These include sustainability-related 
risks and opportunities, including those related to climate, 
to which Nouryon is exposed. This approach shapes 
how we work and strengthens our culture of ethical and 
sound decision-making. It also allows us to enhance the 
effectiveness and efficiency of our operations, report 
financial results accurately, and ensure compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations. Collectively, these aspects 
reinforce Nouryon's reputation and our capacity to be a 
consistently reliable business partner. 
The ultimate responsibility for oversight of Risk 
Management and Compliance lies with Nouryon's Board. 
Our ERM and internal control activities are organized into 
three lines of defense: 
• First line: all business and operations managers. They 
are responsible for owning and managing risk, which 
includes identifying and mitigating risks.
• Second line: oversight functions such as Internal 
Control, Legal and Compliance, and the Risk Committee, 
support business and operations management. They 
help ensure that the risks are identified, properly 
mitigated, and that monitoring control procedures 
operate as intended. Additionally, the second line 
oversees the complete risk program.
• Third line: Internal Audit. They provide an independent 
and objective assessment to enhance the effectiveness 
of governance, risk management, and internal controls. 
This includes evaluating the leadership of business and 
operations, and how oversight functions manage and 
control risks.
8  COSO is a joint initiative of organizations that provides comprehensive frameworks and guidance on enterprise risk management. For more information: https://www.coso.org
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       12

Page 13:
Identifying and Mitigating Risks to Leverage Growth 
Opportunities 
Our risk management capabilities and resources are 
designed to align closely with Nouryon's strategic 
objectives. The ERM process incorporates sustainability 
risks with a two-to-five-year outlook. We review 
sustainability-related risks and opportunities at three levels: 
(1) macro (generic, including political, regulatory, legal, 
sociocultural, ecological, demographic, technological, and 
economic environments); (2) meso (industry); and (3) micro 
(Nouryon). These evaluations encompass strategic, financial 
compliance, and operational aspects. 
Cybersecurity 
Cybersecurity is a crucial part of our overall risk 
management program, aimed at reducing risks to our 
systems and preventing production outages or loss of 
sensitive information. Our goals are to: 
• Continually improve Nouryon's security posture 
• Mature our response preparedness
• Advance our security foundations 
• Enhance our security operations
Our Chief Information Security Officer, along with a 
dedicated team of cybersecurity specialists, continually 
work to strengthen Nouryon's digital defenses and 
cybersecurity infrastructure. They focus on enhancing 
our security operations and perpetually improving the 
Company's ability to ensure uninterrupted operations 
and business continuity. This is accomplished through 
robust monitoring, targeted technology enhancements, 
and frequent employee awareness campaigns, including 
internal testing. 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD): Our Approach to Assessing Climate-related Risks 
and Opportunities
Climate change is among the most urgent challenges of 
our era, and the shift towards a net-zero-carbon economy 
presents significant risks and opportunities. In 2021, we 
carried out a comprehensive qualitative analysis using 
the TCFD framework. We view this as the starting point 
of our journey to integrate climate scenario analysis into 
our reporting and planning processes, and we expect the 
guidance and tools to advance over time. In 2024, in line 
with Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) 
requirements, we are completing a new Double Materiality 
Assessment, and this process incorporates the TCFD 
results. 
Our qualitative analysis encompassed both transitional and 
physical risks and opportunities, and it referred to leading 
climate models and scenarios. We utilized publicly available 
data from the peer-reviewed climate models of the United 
Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
(IPCC). We considered a variety of scenarios to pinpoint 
potential risks and opportunities for the Company. We 
evaluated potential risks over short, medium, and long-term 
time horizons, across our entire value chain – upstream, 
downstream, and within our operations. The results of this 
analysis are described below and throughout this report. In 
addition, we provide a summary table of how we align with 
the TCFD framework.
Continually strengthening our cybersecurity
Continually  
improve Nouryon’s 
security posture
Mature our 
response 
preparedness
Advance  
our security 
foundations
Enhance
our security
operations
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       13

Page 14:
Nouryon TCFD Index and Additional Information
Core element Recommended disclosures Reference to Nouryon 2023 Sustainability Report
Reference to Nouryon's CPD Climate Change 2023 
questionnaire9
Governance
Disclose the organization’s 
governance around 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
a) Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
2.1 Governance 
2.2 Risk Management
Governance C1.1a, C1.1b
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities. 
2.1 Governance 
2.2 Risk Management
Governance C1.2
Strategy
Disclose the actual and 
potential impacts of 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial 
planning where such 
information is material.
a) Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has identified over the 
short, medium, and long-term.
Included in our TCFD project as mentioned in "4.6 Transparent 
Reporting". 
Risk and Opportunities C2.1, C2.1a, C2.1b, C2.2, C2.2a.
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning.
Risk and Opportunities C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a
Business Strategy C3.1, C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b, C3.3, C3.4
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s 
strategy, taking into consideration different climate-
related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.
4.1 Stakeholder Materiality
4.2 Our Ambitions and Targets and How We Aim to Achieve Them
4.3 Alignment with United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
Included in our TCFD project as mentioned in "4.6 Transparent 
Reporting"
5.3 Mitigating Climate Change
Business Strategy C3.1
Risk management
Disclose how the 
organization identifies, 
assesses, and manages 
climate-related risks.
a) Describe the organization’s processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
2.1 Governance 
2.2 Risk Management
Risk and Opportunities C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a.
b) Describe the organization’s processes for 
managing climate-related risks.
2.1 Governance 
2.2 Risk Management
Risk and Opportunities C2.2
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, 
and managing climate-related risks are integrated 
into the organization’s overall risk management.
2.1 Governance 
2.2 Risk Management
Risk and Opportunities C2.2
Business Strategy C3.1, C3.3, C3.4
Metrics and Targets
Disclose the metrics and 
targets used to assess 
and manage relevant 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities where such 
information is material.
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to 
assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line 
with its strategy and risk management process.
4.2 Our Ambitions and Targets and How We Aim to Achieve Them
5.3 Mitigating Climate Change
5.4 Eco-Efficiency and Circularity
Risk and Opportunities C2.1b, 
Targets and Performance C4.1, C4.1a
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the 
related risks.
4.2 Our Ambitions and Targets and How We Aim to Achieve Them
5.3 Mitigating Climate Change
5.4 Eco-Efficiency and Circularity
5.5 Environmental Datasheet
Emission Methodology C5.1
Provide your base year and base year emissions C5.2
Emission Data C6.1, C6.2, C6.3, C6.5, C6.10
For additional information on historical emissions 
breakdown, see CDP C7 with sub questions.
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to 
manage climate-related risks and opportunities and 
performance against targets.
4.2 Our Ambitions and Targets and How We Aim to Achieve Them
5.3 Mitigating Climate Change
5.4 Eco-Efficiency and Circularity
Targets and Performance C4.1, C4.1a
9 2023 CDP climate change questionnaire was based on 2022 operations
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       14

Page 15:
Climate-related Risk Analysis Findings
Nouryon conducted its first in-depth qualitative scenario 
analysis with the support of an Environmental Resources 
Management (ERM) consulting firm in 2021. The results of 
scenario analysis help inform Nouryon’s understanding of 
substantive climate-related risks and opportunities and will 
assist in support planning, resource allocation, investment, 
and management decisions.
Through a series of workshops, discussions were 
conducted to better understand climate-related impacts, 
categorized according to the TCFD guidance: Transition 
Risks (Market, Policy, Technology, Reputation) and Physical 
Risks (Acute, Chronic).
Physical Scenario: Nouryon conducted a climate-related 
scenario analysis by drawing upon publicly available data 
from the IPCC’s peer reviewed climate models to extract 
indicators for future climate exposure across a range of 
site locations. SSP3-RCP7 is the scenario that Nouryon 
considered for this analysis, which represents a pessimistic 
outlook of both a 4°C warming by 2100 as well as global 
demographic projections that are unfavourable for 
climate mitigation and adaptation efforts. Nouryon used 
geographic system modelling to extract climate indicators 
for each site, warehouse, or port.
Time Horizon: This analysis extracted data and identified 
trends to 2050. This time horizon was chosen to provide a 
sufficiently long-term horizon to incorporate all potential risks 
and opportunities into Nouryon’s risk management strategy.
Area of Organization: The chosen locations were deemed 
as critical to Nouryon’s key enterprise while additional 
sites were included that represented three priority outplant 
warehouses. Also included in the analysis were six 
global ports that are vital to the transport and storage of 
Nouryon’s products. The scenario analysis covered all parts 
of Nouryon’s business including products and services, 
operations, and the value chain.
Eight priority risk topics were identified through research 
and engagement with Nouryon: 1) carbon pricing 
mechanisms; 2) regulation of end markets; 3) raw material 
prices and availability; 4) high investment cost of transition 
technology; 5) flooding; 6) hurricanes; 7) water stress; 
and 8) extreme temperatures. Three priority climate-
related opportunity areas were identified through research 
and engagement: 1) products and services for helping 
customers achieve climate goals; 2) markets for access to 
new opportunities; and 3) resource efficiency focusing on 
circular economy.
Insights Informing our Business Strategy
We also consider climate risks and opportunities as 
we build and refine our strategy around new market 
opportunities – including aligning investments in products 
that serve markets that will expand to meet the transition to 
a low carbon economy. These include sales into renewable 
energy markets (wind turbines) and crop solutions to 
improve yields to battle potential soil depletion.
One example is sales of our amine related products 
such as piperazine used in carbon capture. Piperazine 
/ MDEA formulations are recognized as a preferred gas 
treatment solution for capturing carbon dioxide in industrial 
applications. Thus, carbon capture solutions to mitigate 
climate change present a business opportunity. For our 
financial planning, we work with our customers and align 
future production to the estimated growing demand for 
piperazine and amine-related products that is foreseen for 
the coming years. Piperazine helps our customers capture 
several million metric tonnes of carbon annually. The time 
horizon for this planning is short and medium-term.
We actively plan investments around our Eco-Premium 
Solutions both in product development as well as facility 
investments and production capability to meet market 
demand, including consideration of low carbon and 
emission reduction policies impacting our customers 
and affecting potential market demand. Additionally, we 
consider raw material sourcing plans as part of these 
market strategies.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       15

Page 16:
10 Office-based employees and site management
3. Compliance and Ethics
100% of our in-scope10 
employees completed 
mandatory Compliance 
trainings
SpeakUp! Hotline and  
Non-Retaliation Policy
Code of Business 
Conduct & Ethics and 
Business Partner Code of 
Conduct
Conflict-minerals risk 
assessment and due 
diligence
Modern-slavery and 
forced-labor  
risk assessment
Highlights Relevant policies and programs
• Acceptable Use of Nouryon Systems and 
Devices Policy 
• Anti-Corruption Policy
• Animal Testing Policy
• Business Partner Code of Conduct
• Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
• Competition Law Compliance Policy 
• Conflict of Interest Policy
• Employee Privacy Policy
• External Spend Policy
• Global Travel and Expense Policy
• Diversity Commitment
• Media Policy
• Meal, Gift and Business Entertainment Policy
• Quality, Health, Safety, Environment and 
Security Policy
• Record Retention Policy
• Sensitive Country Policy 
• Social Media Policy 
• Sourcing Sustainable Palm Oil
• SpeakUp! and Non-Retaliation Policy
• Sponsorship and Charity Policy
• Statement on Sustainable Procurement
• Tax Strategy
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       16

Page 17:
Emphasis on Ethics
GRI 2-23, GRI 205 3-3, GRI 205-2, GRI 2-23, GRI 2-24
Our Compliance program comprises mandatory annual 
training, policies, and procedures; third-party due 
diligence and monitoring; as well as the investigation 
and remediation of unethical, illegal, or inappropriate 
conduct. This approach assists our employees and other 
stakeholders in understanding and adhering to Nouryon's 
high standards of ethical business conduct, complying 
with legal and regulatory requirements, and embodying 
our value 'We do it right.' 
We regularly conduct audits of our operations. 
Additionally, Nouryon’s office-based and site management 
employees review and acknowledge our high 
expectations by completing an Annual Policy Certification 
and mandatory compliance training. As part of our anti-
corruption measures, employees are also required to 
abide by our Meal, Gift & Business Entertainment Policy. 
Our commitment to compliance and ethics is also 
supported at the highest levels of our Company, 
beginning with our Chairman and CEO. The Executive 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Executive 
Vice President, Business Affairs and General Counsel, 
and Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources 
Officer provide executive oversight of our compliance 
performance through the Compliance Committee, which 
is chaired by our Chief Compliance Officer. The Board of 
Directors and Audit Committee receive regular updates 
on our Company’s compliance program and our Board 
approves any changes to our Code of Business Coduct & 
Ethics.
Employee Awareness
GRI 2-15, GRI 2-23, GRI 205-2, GRI 205-3
Nouryon's Code of Business Conduct & Ethics requires 
all employees to always act ethically and in compliance 
with all applicable laws. These include anti-bribery, 
anti-corruption, antitrust and competition laws, anti-
discrimination/harassment laws, data protection laws, 
and economic sanctions. The diversity of our workforce 
is a tremendous asset. We are committed to providing 
equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and 
will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of age, race, 
color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual 
orientation or any other protected status. We will not 
tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind, including 
derogatory comments based on race or ethnicity or 
unwelcome sexual advances.
The Code applies to all employees, and every office-based 
and site management employee completes compliance 
training related to ethical business conduct each year. 
In 2023, 100% of these employees completed assigned 
training. Training in 2023 included topics such as anti-
bribery/anti-corruption, conflicts of interest, ethical 
decision making, and respectful workplace. In 2023, 
Nouryon had zero substantiated complaints concerning 
breaches of customer privacy or losses of customer data. 
Our Legal and Compliance organizations review training 
curriculums annually and policies periodically, or as 
changing laws and requirements dictate. They regularly 
report on and communicate with employees regarding 
related topics, while interacting with other parts of our 
business to fulfill regulatory and customer requirements. 
Updates to policy commitments and changes to policies 
are communicated via Leader Updates, Quarterly Ethics 
Newsletters or other Global Compliance communications.
Our global presence subjects us to increasingly strict laws 
and regulations on a wide array of topics. These include 
the safe use of hazardous substances, operational impacts, 
historical soil and groundwater contamination, product 
liability, human rights concerns, economic sanctions, 
antitrust laws, and anti-corruption laws. 
Legal and Regulatory Compliance
GRI 2-23, GRI 2-27
Our internal subject-matter experts monitor compliance 
with laws and regulations and offer guidance and training 
as required. We also establish expectations for ethical 
behavior through our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics. 
This training is required annually for all of our office-
based and site management employees. We also have a 
Business Partner Code of Conduct, which is applicable to 
all business partners. As a global company and employer, 
we adhere to local regulations including the General Data 
Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Europe.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       17

Page 18:
Compliant Partners
GRI 2-23, GRI 2-24
Our commitment to ethical business conduct extends 
beyond our employees. We expect our business partners 
to adhere to Nouryon’s Business Partner Code of Conduct . 
This covers compliance with laws and regulations, safety, 
standards for ethical and responsible business conduct 
and practices, treatment of individuals and fundamental 
human rights within supply chains, exclusion of conflict 
minerals, and fraud prevention. We only conduct business 
with suppliers, customers, and other business partners 
who share and support our standards. Certain third parties 
must also undergo a due-diligence process to provide 
information about their ownership, compliance programs, 
and any past relevant legal/regulatory issues, including 
economic sanctions. We continually monitor these third 
parties digitally for sanctions, regulatory fines, or adverse 
media. Any breach or violation can prompt Nouryon to 
reassess business relationships. 
In 2023, we repeated our risk assessment regarding conflict 
minerals for all our suppliers and identified those that could 
pose risks. Conflict minerals are tantalum, tin, tungsten, 
and gold (commonly referred to as 3TG), which are used in 
Central Africa to finance armed conflict, often fought with 
child soldiers. Nouryon currently only leverages tin and has 
a very limited number of suppliers, allowing for increased 
due diligence and limited risk exposure. For any sourced 
materials containing 3TG, we ask our suppliers to complete 
the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template as part of our 
due diligence to ensure that conflict zones and groups are 
avoided, so that in turn, we can be sure that Nouryon is not 
inadvertently contributing to such conflict and practices.
Nouryon's Code of Business Conduct & Ethics states we 
will not engage in, or do business with any third party 
engaging in, the use of forced or involuntary labor, human 
trafficking, or child labor. Generally, our manufacturing 
operations require skilled employees with education 
requirements at a high school level equivalent and thus 
pose a lower risk of child or forced labor. We comply with 
all local labor laws, which require us to confirm the age 
of our employees when joining the Company. We also 
evaluate potential forced labor and modern slavery in 
our supply chain through a risk assessment of inputs and 
suppliers and supplier questionnaires, and we follow up 
appropriately on any concerns raised. 
Encouraging Everyone to SpeakUp!
GRI 2-25, GRI 2-26
When it comes to reporting any kind of concern, all 
stakeholders, including Nouryon employees, suppliers, 
customers, and other business partners can report all 
suspected policy violations, inappropriate behavior, and 
illegal or unethical practices through SpeakUp!, our 
global reporting hotline. To ensure that our employees 
and external parties are aware of SpeakUp!, we promote 
contact information on our intranet, on the Nouryon 
website, through periodic training, on posters in offices 
and manufacturing sites, and in our Company Code of 
Business Conduct & Ethics and Business Partner Code of 
Conduct. We also have a SpeakUp! and Non-Retaliation 
Policy (whistleblower protection) for good faith reporting of 
concerns that applies to all employees. We will not tolerate 
retaliation against any employee who makes such a report, 
and ensure employee confidentiality in compliance with 
local regulations, including the GDPR in Europe.
Our 2023 Performance
SpeakUp! reports can be made anonymously and 
confidentially, via telephone hotline and email, as allowed 
under applicable law, in any of 30 languages. In 2023, all 
SpeakUp! concerns were registered and resolved within an 
average of less than 30 days. We also recently introduced 
the following SpeakUp! Process to our employees to make 
the reporting process flow clear to them.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       18

Page 19:
SpeakUp! process
When it comes to reporting ethics and compliance concerns, Nouryon employees have a variety of options, including our global SpeakUp! hotline. Incidents can be reported 
anonymously and confidentially (as allowed under applicable law), via telephone and online, in any of 30 languages. This infographic describes the SpeakUp! Process flow for potential 
reporters and highlights how the reporting and investigation processes works. Questions about this process can be directed to nouryoncompliance@nouryon.com .
13 General questions to inquire about employee perceptions, professionalism, management actions, etc.
Reporting options:
• Manager
• HR
• Legal
• Compliance
• SpeakUp! hotline
• Is there sufficient information?
• Is the report an allegation or inquiry?
• All reports of possible violations of 
our Code or applicable laws will be 
evaluated promptly and investigated 
as appropriate
• Legal
• Compliance
• HR
• Internal audit
• All reports are kept as confidential as 
possible
• You may be asked to cooperate during 
an investigation. Refusing to do so, is a 
violation of our Code
• If you ever feel you have been retaliated 
against for submitting a SpeakUp! 
report, you should promptly contact 
the Compliance team
• Substantiated – policy violation found
• Unsubstantiated – no policy violation found
• Cases may be closed due to insufficient information if a reporter does 
not answer follow-up questions within two weeks
• Examples of potential remediation include site temperature checks 13, 
coaching, training, verbal or written warnings, and termination
If reported via the 
SpeakUp! hotline, check 
back regularly in case the 
investigator has additional 
questions and remember 
to save your case number.
If you decide to submit 
anonymously, remember 
to provide sufficient details 
(e.g., Who, What, When, 
Where?).
The majority of reports 
we receive involve how 
employees treat each 
other (e.g., respect in the 
workplace). These matters 
are typically referred to HR.
We aim to address and 
resolve all reported 
SpeakUp! concerns within 
an average of 30 days.
Submit a SpeakUp! report – If you see something, say something 
Determine whether investigation is necessary or possible
Assign investigator by issue
Conduct confidential investigation
Determine outcome
Where appropriate, take remedial action
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       19

Page 20:
14  Selected 2023 information and data in this report has been assured by ERM CVS. For more information, refer to the Independent Assurance Report on page 95 .
Highlights
4.  Our Commitment to a Sustainable Future
2030 GHG emission 
reduction target and 
2050 net-zero aspiration
Aligned with and 
supporting United Nations 
Sustainability Development 
Goals (UN SDGs)
2030 targets on water  
and waste
Independent Limited 
Assurance14 by ERM 
Certification and 
Verification Services
Our 2023 Ratings
EcoVadis Gold RatingCarbon Disclosure Project  
A- Rating Climate Change
Our Sustainability Commitment: We partner with our customers, 
suppliers, and employees to deliver innovative solutions, drive progress, 
and create a safe and sustainable today and tomorrow for everyone.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       20

Page 21:
Key Sustainable Development Goals: Key Sustainable Development Goals: Key Sustainable Development Goals:
CONTINUOUSLY IMPROVE
our safety and environmental  
performance
GROW AND INNOVATE
to create sustainable solutions  
enabling customers to be  
more sustainable
ENGAGE AND PARTNER
with employees, customers,  
suppliers, and society to drive  
sustainable progress
At Nouryon, sustainability is embedded in our strategy, 
operations, and product portfolio. We believe the right 
chemistry can pave the way to a more sustainable future, 
and we are committed to developing products that 
contribute to this goal. Nouryon's Company Purpose is: 
Your partner in essential solutions for a sustainable future. 
This purpose, and our values, are closely connected, 
embodying our identity. They help strengthen our 
performance-oriented culture focused on customers 
and growing our business, including through seizing 
opportunities related to sustainability. By living these 
values, we position ourselves as a reliable and responsible 
business. 
Our “Commitment to a Sustainable Future” is how we 
embed and measure sustainable practices in our business 
approach. It is based on three clear commitments to: 
• CONTINUOUSLY IMPROVE our safety and 
environmental performance.
• GROW AND INNOVATE to create sustainable solutions 
enabling customers to be more sustainable.
• ENGAGE AND PARTNER with employees, customers, 
suppliers, and society to drive sustainable progress.
Our “Commitment to a Sustainable Future” is based on 
our materiality assessment that helps us identify and 
focus on the sustainability topics where we can have the 
greatest impact. It is also designed to support the goals 
of the United Nations (UN) Paris Agreement on Climate 
Change and the UN Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs). We monitor our progress and report metrics in line 
with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB). For more detailed 
information, including a comprehensive overview of data as 
well as a GRI and SASB index, please refer to pages 88-96 .
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       21

Page 22:
Nouryon Materiality Assessment
Business
External stakeholders
Low
Low
High
High
4.1  Stakeholder Materiality
GRI 3-1, GRI 3-2
We conducted a materiality assessment in 2019, with the 
support of an independent consulting firm. The assessment 
identified health and safety in all aspects of our operations 
Other material issues
Priority material issues
• Health and safety 
• Ethics and transparency 
• Energy use and GHG  
emissions
• Innovation and product  
development 
• Product stewardship 
• Employee rights 
and climate change, including energy use and greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions, as issues of key importance to our 
business. In 2024, in line with Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive requirements, we will complete a new 
Double Materiality Assessment that includes assessing 
sustainability-related impacts, risks, and opportunities.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       22

Page 23:
Engaging with Our Stakeholders
Making progress on our sustainability commitment involves continual engagement with our stakeholders. These include our customers, suppliers, employees and candidates, 
communities, including governments, as well as potential investors. Below are some highlights from 2023.
Customers
• Sustainability targets aligned 
with our growth strategy
• Carbon Business Strategy and 
Roadmap to reduce GHG 
emissions
• Close collaboration between 
key account managers and 
strategic customers
• Ratings questionnaires including 
CDP and EcoVadis
• Member of the United Nations 
Global Compact
• Substantial offering of products 
with sustainability benefits 
• 13 Innovation and Application 
Centers around the world and 
robust R&D product pipeline 
focused on sustainability 
benefits
• ISCC PLUS certification for 
green monochloroacetic acid 
(MCA) production
Suppliers
• Supplier key account 
management
• Supplier commitment to 
Business Partner Code of 
Conduct
• Supplier of the Year Awards 
Program
• EcoVadis assessments of 
a percentage of our core 
suppliers
• Access to third-party audits and 
industry best practices through 
Together for Sustainability (TfS) 
• Supplier engagement program 
requesting product carbon 
footprints
• Scope 3 green raw material 
alternative market intelligence 
and ISCC PLUS supporting 
strategy
• Conflict-minerals risk 
assessment and due diligence
•  Modern-slavery and forced-
labor risk assessment
Employees and Candidates
• Regular communication 
between CEO and Senior 
Leadership Team with 
employees 
• Leadership Capabilities 
Framework and regular 
dialogue between managers 
and employees
• Ensuring a living wage - we 
successfully completed a Global 
Living Wage analysis for 70% 
of our direct manufacturing 
population
• Social dialogue with employee 
representative bodies in relevant 
countries
• Five employee-led Business 
Resource Groups (BRGs)
• Internship and Mentorship 
programs 
• Learning and Development– 
both in person and online
• Annual Safety Day and Nouryon 
Cares initiative including 
volunteer opportunities for 
employees 
•  Employer Brand 
• SpeakUp! Hotline and Non-
Retaliation Policy
Communities
• Open-to-Public programs 
across China sites and Bring 
Your Family to Work day in the 
Netherlands
• Inspirational chemistry project 
in local schools, Sweden
• Philanthropy and volunteerism 
initiatives around the world, 
including: 
 - Our partnership with 
Philadelphia Eagles and 
Eagles Autism Foundation in 
the US
 - Supporting Vatsalya Trust 
Balikashram orphanage in 
Mumbai, India
 - Donating vital laboratory 
equipment to a local college 
serving underprivileged rural 
communities near our Mahad 
site in India
 - School supply donations in 
the US, including Fill the Bus 
school supply drive and Kids 
In Need Foundation
Potential Investors and Lenders
• Sustainability-related risk 
management approach
• Equity analyst and lender 
engagement via meetings, 
earnings calls, and conferences
• Responding to ratings agencies, 
credit rating agencies
• Annual financial results 
published on our website
• Quarterly results shared with 
our lenders 
• Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
• Closing acquisition of ADOB to 
expand offering in crop nutrition
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       23

Page 24:
4.2  Our Targets and How We Aim to 
Achieve Them 
GRI 2-25, GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2, GRI 305-3, GRI 305 3-3
Sustainability Goals 
We are committed to improving our environmental 
footprint and have established specific targets to support 
this goal. We have set targets for 2030: a 40% reduction in 
absolute GHG emissions (Scopes 1 and 2), a 10% decrease 
in total waste intensity, and a 10% decrease in freshwater 
consumption intensity, all versus a 2019 base year. We 
aspire to become a net-zero organization by 2050. 
Our Carbon Business Strategy and Roadmap to Reduce 
GHG emissions
GRI 305 3-3, GRI 305-5
Our Carbon Business Strategy has a long-term horizon 
and aims to reduce GHG emissions while growing the 
Company. 
It is guided by the following strategic pillars: Carbon 
Operational Excellence, Energy Transition, Innovation, and 
Value Chain Collaboration, and includes:
• Scope 1: We aim to enhance the efficiency of our 
operations and optimize our fuel mix. 
• Scope 2: We are committed to expanding our use of 
renewable energy via on-site renewable projects, power 
purchase agreements (PPA), and other green energy 
programs. 
• Scope 3: We are actively analyzing indirect GHG 
emissions from activities throughout our value chain, 
which includes evaluating potential lower-carbon raw 
materials with suppliers.
Our 2023 Performance
We achieved a 14% reduction in our absolute Scopes 1 
and 2 emissions versus 2019 driven by the successful 
implementation of projects from our carbon roadmap, 
lower production activity versus previous years and 
changes in our production mix. A notable contributor was 
our shift towards renewable energy, with 42% of our total 
electricity consumption now being derived from renewable 
sources (compared to 36% in 2019), and 33% of total 
energy, including steam, coming from renewable sources 
(compared to 30% in 2019).
Scopes 1 and 2
At the facility in Kvarntorp, Sweden, our partner Adven, a 
company that specializes in industrial energy transitions, 
installed a new steam boiler that relies primarily on locally 
sourced residual products from the forestry industry, 
such as chipped branches and tops, to generate the heat 
required for our production processes. The new steam 
boiler replaces liquefied petroleum gas with biofuel, 
resulting in a 38% decrease in Scope 1 emissions in 2023 
compared to 2022, and an anticipated 90% eventual 
reduction in Scope 1 emissions at this site. See case study 
on page 50.
Additionally, in 2023, 25 out of 60 manufacturing sites 
operated by Nouryon are now sourced with renewable 
and/or low carbon electricity, comprising 54% of the total 
electricity we use globally. Notable related highlights in 
2023 include:
• In South America, all nine locations we operate in Brazil 
used electricity from renewable sources. Additionally, 
our site in Jundiaí, Brazil, achieved the status of carbon 
neutral from operations (Scopes 1 and 2), joining the 
other five carbon neutral from operations sites Nouryon 
operates in the country. See case study on page 26 .
• In Europe, all our sites in Belgium, Sweden and Finland 
use 100% electricity from renewable and/or low carbon 
sources. In addition, Cologne and Greiz in Germany, and 
Deventer and Herkenbosch in the Netherlands, are also 
using 100% renewable or low carbon electricity.
• In North America, we signed a 30-year power purchase 
agreement (PPA) with Convergent Energy and Power 
to supply 2-megawatt (MW) of solar power to our 
manufacturing site in Morris, IL, US. The onsite solar field 
is expected to be operational in the second half of 2025, 
subject to local permits and approvals. We also signed a 
contract with NRG Energy, Inc., under the brand Direct 
Energy, to start receiving renewable electricity at three 
of our four sites in Texas, US, beginning at the end of 
December 2024.
• In Asia, 100% of our electricity consumption in Ningbo 
and Jiaxing, China, originated from renewable sources in 
2023. Another site in Guangzhou, China, runs on 100% 
electricity from renewable energy and includes an onsite 
solar field.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       24

Page 25:
25 locations at our 60 manufacturing sites are being sourced with 100% renewable and/or low carbon electricity
Canada
Magog
Saskatoon
Brazil
∞ Eunapolis-Bahia
∞ Imperatriz
∞ Itupeva and Paulinia15
∞ Jacareí
∞ Jundiaí
∞ Rio de Janeiro
∞ Três Lagoas and Jupiá16
Greater China
Boxing
∞ Guangzhou ∞
∞ Jiaxing
∞ Ningbo
Tachia, Taiwan
Taixing
Tianjin
Sweden
∞ Alby
∞ Bohus
∞ Örnsköldsvik
∞ Kvarntorp
∞ Stenungsund
∞ Stockvik
Finland
∞ Äänekoski
∞ Oulu
Mexico
Los Reyes
Japan
Asa
Germany
∞ Cologne
∞ Greiz
Leverkusen
Worringen
Wurzen
Poland
Poznań
Wrocław
France
Ambès
Belgium
∞ Mons ∞
Italy
Adria
USA
Augusta
Battleground
Chattanooga
Columbus
Fort Worth
Green Bay
Howard
Houston
Le Moyne
Morris
Moses Lake
Pasadena
Salisbury
Netherlands
Arnhem
Delfzijl
∞ Deventer
∞ Herkenbosch
Rotterdam DME
Rotterdam MA
Norway
Rjukan
India
Mahad
Argentina
San Lorenzo
Singapore
Singapore Alkoxylation
Singapore Quat
∞ Electricity from renewable and/or low carbon sources    ∞ On-site solar field in place
15  This location is a distribution center managed by the Itupeva site
16  Two locations operated as one site
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       25

Page 26:
Renewable energy agreement at three sites in Texas, US
In 2023, Nouryon announced a long-term agreement with NRG Energy, Inc. 
brand Direct Energy. This agreement will ensure that our manufacturing sites in 
La Porte, Fort Worth, and Houston, US, are powered with electricity 100% from 
renewable sources. This will be achieved through the purchase of renewable 
energy certificates sourced from wind farms across Texas, with the delivery term 
beginning at the end of December 2024.
This agreement marks a significant step forward in our mission to reduce our 
global carbon emissions and aligns with the sustainability targets of our customers.
Nine locations in Brazil are now using 100% electricity 
from renewable sources
We made significant sustainability progress in 2023, with nine locations we 
operate in Brazil now powered entirely by electricity from renewable energy 
sources. They include: Eunapolis-Bahia, Imperatriz, Itupeva, Jacareí, Jundiaí, 
Jupiá, Paulinia, Rio de Janeiro, and Três Lagoas. These locations represent 27% 
of our total global electricity usage, marking a crucial step in reducing GHG as 
emissions and transitioning to a low-carbon economy. 
Our sustainability commitment and effort to reduce our carbon footprint extends 
to our entire manufacturing network. We continue to explore opportunities to 
transition other global sites to electricity from renewable energy sources as part 
of our long-term Carbon Business Strategy.
In 2021, we achieved carbon neutrality from operations at five locations 
we operate in Brazil (Imperatriz, Eunápolis, Três Lagoas, Jupiá, and Jacareí). 
These locations are part of Nouryon's Integrated Manufacturing Model, which 
offers on-location sodium chlorate and/or chlorine dioxide production to our 
customers. In 2023, we also achieved carbon neutrality from operations in our 
Jundiai site in Brazil.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       26

Page 27:
Looking Ahead
The diagram below illustrates our pathway to meet our 
2030 GHG targets. In line with much of 2023 progress, 
the key driver is transitioning to renewable electricity, 
investing in long-term PPAs, and other renewable energy 
programs to lower our Scope 2 emissions. Additionally, we 
are exploring capital-efficient projects to decrease Scope 
1 emissions at our plants, including equipment upgrades 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG absolute emissions reduction pathway
Base year 
2019
Volume 
growth 
(2030)
Energy 
efficiency
Electrification 2030 
outcome
-40%
Renewable and  
low carbon 
power and fuels 
(incl. PPA, VPPA, 
on-site renewable 
electricity) Existing assets      Volume growth      Volume reduction      Baseline
or replacements and design enhancements such as pre-
heating, pressure, and temperature optimizations, using 
lower carbon fuel in steam boilers and energy recovery.
Achieving our net-zero aspiration depends on several 
factors, including site evaluations, increased use of 
renewable energy, the pace of innovation, developments in 
our value chain, and regulatory requirements.
Secured first power purchase 
agreement for a US-based 
onsite solar project
We entered into a 30-year PPA with Convergent 
Energy and Power in 2023, ensuring the supply 
of 2MW solar power to our manufacturing 
facility in Morris, IL, US. The onsite solar field 
associated with this agreement is anticipated to 
be fully operational by the second half of 2025 
subject to local permits and approvals.
This marks the first onsite PPA for Nouryon in 
the US, demonstrating our commitment to 
reducing GHG emissions. The agreement is 
seen as another milestone towards enhancing 
our renewable energy footprint.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       27

Page 28:
Scope 3
In developing our Carbon Business Strategy, it is crucial to 
take emissions across our entire value chain into account. 
This holistic approach provides us with deeper insights 
into potential reduction opportunities and allows us to 
compare these with the reductions achieved in Scopes 1 
and 2. Furthermore, it guides our Scope 3 reduction plans, 
including potential collaborations.
In 2023, Nouryon joined Together for Sustainability (TfS), 
a global initiative of 53 chemical companies committed to 
raising sustainability standards throughout the chemical 
industry. As part of this initiative, members pledge to 
make sustainability improvements within their own – 
and their suppliers’ – operations. TfS is also advancing 
methodologies and standardization in calculating Scope 3 
(upstream) GHG emissions, which constitute a significant 
share of the chemical industry’s carbon footprint.
As of last year, we are also certified to the International 
Sustainability and Carbon Certification standard ISCC 
PLUS to produce green monochloroacetic acid (MCA) at 
our site in Delfzijl, the Netherlands. We are proud to be 
the first and only producer of green MCA that is derived 
from sustainably sourced raw materials. Green MCA offers 
a significantly lower product carbon footprint versus 
traditional MCA, which reduces our Scope 3 emissions and 
those of our customers. 
As we continue to develop new and innovative 
products using more sustainable raw materials, we will 
further explore how these initiatives can contribute to 
improvements in our Scope 3 carbon footprint.
2023 Value Chain Collaboration
As part of our Carbon Business Strategy, aligned with our 
commitments, we are looking to collaborate with our 
suppliers as we tackle the challenge of climate change 
together. As we pursue opportunities to develop additional 
low carbon and sustainable solutions, we are requesting 
from suppliers lifecycle assessment (LCA) data. In 2023, we 
launched an initiative to request product carbon footprint 
(PCF) data from suppliers of our top raw materials on 
products they provide, which we use as raw materials. 
These will improve the accuracy of our data and can help 
us identify potential opportunities to reduce emissions and 
meet the growing needs of our customers for low carbon 
solutions. We understand this will be an ongoing process. 
As time progresses, we will monitor progress and further 
develop plans to deliver on our commitments. 
Our value chain collaboration also includes:
• Collaborating with our customers and suppliers. 
• Providing product carbon footprint data to customers.
• Incorporating net-zero and climate change considerations 
into our customer and supplier relationships.
Achieving our net-zero aspiration depends on several 
factors, including site evaluations, increased use of 
renewable energy, the pace of innovation, developments in 
our value chain, and regulatory requirements.
Waste and Freshwater
From 2019 to 2023, our freshwater consumption intensity 
increased by 1%. Our total waste intensity decreased by 
1% between 2019 and 2023. For example, our Ningbo 
site implemented a sludge dryer project that is estimated 
to avoid approximately 1,500 tons of waste in 2024. We 
remain committed to achieving our 2030 water and waste 
targets and are developing a plan to ensure these targets 
are met. 
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       28

Page 29:
4.3  Alignment with and supporting 
UN Sustainable Development Goals
GRI 2-6, GRI 305 3-3, GRI 405 3-3
Nouryon supports employee growth through diverse 
development programs, including internships, learning 
opportunities, and employee-led Business Resource 
Groups. Additionally, the company emphasizes STEM 
education and fosters diversity.
Nouryon is dedicated to sustainable innovations, offering 
bio-based ingredients and specialized components for 
infrastructure durability, energy efficiency, and the transition 
to renewable energy, actively contributing to global 
sustainability through our customers.
Nouryon prioritizes respect and diversity, reinforced by the 
Company Code of Business Conduct & Ethics. Training 
focuses on fostering a respectful workplace. The Nouryon 
Women’s Network globally supports women in chemistry 
and manufacturing.
Nouryon focuses on sustainable growth in emerging 
markets, exemplified by the significant expansion in Mumbai 
with a new Global Service Center. We invest in facilities, 
provides diverse workplaces, and engages in philanthropy 
and volunteerism to support local communities.
Nouryon is dedicated to increasing renewable 17 energy 
use, aligning with our GHG reduction targets. Our solutions 
contribute to energy efficiency and the transition to 
renewable energy sources like solar panels and windmills.
Nouryon prioritizes sustainable innovation and circular 
production through eco-efficient processes and renewable, 
bio-based products. Furthermore, our integrated 
manufacturing sites reduce transport emissions.
Our portfolio offers crop nutrients, adjuvants, and 
biodegradable solvents, promoting plant growth and 
improving soil health. Investments in ADOB and AGEYE 
support our goal of sustainable agriculture.
Nouryon values the synergy between business performance, 
safety, and sustainability, to create employment 
opportunities. We prioritize employee empowerment, safety, 
and high performance in an inclusive, diverse workplace that 
mirrors our global presence and customers.
Nouryon aligns with the UN Paris Agreement to reduce 
GHG emissions across its value chain through innovative 
technologies, efficient processes, low-carbon energy, and 
products that enhance customer sustainability.
We prioritize health and safety and excel in people safety.  
Our solutions encompass cleaning, personal care, 
pharmaceuticals, and food, utilized in bio-based products, 
pharmaceutical excipients, fortification, and water treatment.
End Hunger, Achieve Food Security and 
Improved Nutrition, and Promote Sustainable 
Agriculture 
Nouryon's sustainable 
solutions align with the UN 
SDGs and are well-positioned 
to meet the demand and 
opportunities created by 
several societal trends. These 
global trends include a 
growing population, a rising 
and increasingly health-
conscious middle class, 
climate change, and the need 
to preserve natural resources.
We believe our Company and sustainable solutions make 
the most significant contributions to the following 10 SDGs:
Ensure Inclusive and Equitable Quality 
Education and Promote Lifelong Learning 
Opportunities for Everyone
Ensure Healthy Lives and Promote Well-Being 
for All, Regardless of Age
Achieve Gender Equality and Empower All 
Women and Girls
Promote Sustained, Inclusive and Sustainable 
Economic Growth, and Full, Decent, 
Productive Employment
Build a Resilient Infrastructure, Promote 
Inclusive and Sustainable Industrialization, and 
Foster Innovation
Affordable and Clean Energy
Reduce Inequality Within and Among 
Countries
Ensure Sustainable Consumption and 
Production Patterns
Take Urgent Action to Combat Climate Change 
and Its Impacts
17  Energy from sources that are inexhaustible and sustainable, such as wind, solar, hydroelectric, biomass, and others.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       29

Page 30:
New Global Service Center launch in Mumbai underscores commitment 
to India
In 2023, Nouryon announced the significant expansion of its office footprint and workforce in Mumbai, India, with 
the launch of a new Global Service Center. This development aligns with our Company's global growth plans, 
with the center serving as a hub for commercial teams focused on business development in India and supporting 
functions. It also emphasizes Nouryon's long-term, continued commitment to the country as a strategic growth 
market and talent base. The expanded office and Innovation and Application Development Center in Mumbai will 
house a growing workforce of nearly 350 employees, occupying a space of approximately 50,000 square feet. 
Operating in India since 1991, Nouryon’s Mumbai-based commercial team focuses on key end-markets, including 
personal care, cleaning, crop nutrition, paints, coatings, and packaging. In addition to our Mumbai operations, 
Nouryon also operates an organic peroxide and metal alkyls production site in Mahad. We also have a joint 
venture with Atul that includes India's largest monochloroacetic acid (MCA) plant in Gujarat.
Innovation insights for 
employee families in the 
Netherlands
On the occasion of International Day of 
Women and Girls in Science 2023, the Nouryon 
Women’s Network, together with our Deventer, 
Netherlands site, organized a “Bring your 
Child to Work” event. The program offered 
the opportunity for employee children (of all 
genders) to learn how chemistry is essential for 
everyday life and how Nouryon is contributing to 
a sustainable future. Many of our Deventer staff 
volunteered during the event, and the children 
and guests participated in experiments based on 
Nouryon’s innovative and sustainable solutions 
in a safe and inclusive environment.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       30

Page 31:
4.4  M emberships and Partnerships 
GRI 2-28
Nouryon proudly maintains several key memberships, 
including being a signatory of the UN Global Compact, the 
world's largest initiative dedicated to corporate sustainability. 
This international program unites corporations, UN 
agencies, and labor and civil society organizations, fostering 
collaboration to uphold universal principles concerning 
human rights, labor, environmental protection, and anti-
corruption. Our Company strategy, sustainability goals, 
and Code of Business Conduct & Ethics are meticulously 
designed to align with and support these principles. 
Additionally, Nouryon is a member of Together for 
Sustainability, the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil and 
Responsible Care®, demonstrating our commitment to 
ethical and sustainable practices. We also partner with 
Hållbar Kemi (Sustainable Chemistry), a Swedish regional 
corporate cooperative, further emphasizing our dedication 
to sustainability. 
For more detailed information regarding our memberships, 
please refer to page 82.
4.5  Solid Industry Ratings
In 2023, Nouryon was recognized with an A- score for 
climate leadership from CDP, a global non-profit that runs 
a leading environmental disclosure system for companies, 
cities, states, and regions. This places us in CDP's leadership 
band (top quartile) and above both the European region 
and Chemical sector averages. 
Thanks to our efforts to improve our environmental 
performance in areas such as 'Targets', 'Value Chain 
Engagement', and 'Opportunities Disclosures'. This score 
improvement reflects the progress made with our Carbon 
Business Strategy last year, including the transition of 
several sites we operate across our regions to electricity 
from renewable sources, as well as the significant reduction 
in our Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions.
Additionally, Nouryon earned an EcoVadis Gold rating in 
2023 for our sustainability achievements, placing us in the 
top 5 percent of companies then rated by EcoVadis, the 
world’s largest provider of business sustainability ratings. 
The rating encompasses four dimensions: Environment, 
Labor and Human Rights, Ethics, and Sustainable 
Procurement. We submit an extensive annual questionnaire 
to EcoVadis, with the specifics of this achievement available 
for member review on the EcoVadis website. 
Our continued commitment to transparency and 
environmental responsibility is reflected in these ratings and 
our ongoing participation in these initiatives. Additionally, 
in our Procurement sustainability strategy, we also monitor 
the EcoVadis ratings of our suppliers (refer to Chapter 7 for 
more details). 
Our 2023 Ratings:
EcoVadis
Gold 
rating
CDP A- score 
Climate 
Change
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       31

Page 32:
4.6  Transparent Reporting
Nouryon is committed to transparency in reporting, and 
we are proud to share the latest strides in our sustainability 
journey through this annual Sustainability Report. The 
report includes our sustainability data fact sheet, and 
we report metrics with reference to GRI ( page 93) and in 
alignment with SASB disclosure standards ( page 92).
Additionally, we have reported to the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) (see page 14 ). 
We conduct internal audits and engage an independent 
firm, ERM CVS, to conduct limited assurance for selected 
2023 information and data in this report. For more 
information, please refer to the Independent Assurance 
Report on page 95 .
We also ensure that our sustainability progress is 
communicated internally to our employees and executives 
through several channels:
• Corporate Responsibility Dashboard: This includes key 
sustainability metrics that are measured and tracked 
quarterly and reported to the Corporate Responsibility 
Council and the Corporate Responsibility Committee of 
our Board.
• Regular communications to employees, including town 
halls, Leader Updates, intranet posts, our internal social 
media platform, Viva Engage, and all-staff emails.
 World Environment Day 2023 in Asia Pacific
In June 2023, Nouryon’s Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE) team for the Asia Pacific region led an internal 
campaign in recognition of World Environment Day. The campaign focused on increasing awareness and 
promoting activities to reduce pollution from plastic and was linked to the United Nations Environment 
Program’s on the same topic.
Ten Nouryon sites across the Asia Pacific region participated in various activities throughout the month, with 
the support of the regional Integrated Supply Chain (ISC) leadership. Activities included: leadership speeches, 
poster campaigns, environmental training, employee children's drawing competitions, and drills on chemical 
leakage control. Some sites also conducted eco-friendly site tours, distributed reusable cloth bags, and hosted 
a "No Vehicle Day", encouraging employees to opt for public transport to commute to work.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       32

Page 33:
CONTINUOUSLY IMPROVE
our safety and environmental performance
Key Sustainable Development Goals:
5.  Continuously Improving Our Safety  
and Environmental Performance 
Six carbon-neutral 
locations operated by 
Nouryon
78% Process safety 
incident rate decrease
between 2019 and 2023
Eco-efficiency tracking 
in place at 100% of 
manufacturing sites
20% of organic raw 
materials are bio-based
33% of total energy is 
based on renewable 
sources
42% of our total electricity 
consumption from 
renewable sources
14% reduction in total 
absolute Scopes 1 and 2 
greenhouse-gas emissions
Highlights Relevant Policies and Programs
• Life-Saving Rules (LSR) for all employees 
and contractors
• Safety training for all employees and 
contractors, including Frontline Leader 
Safety training
• Behavior-Based Safety (BBS) program
• Process Safety Management (PSM)
• Annual Safety Day
• Health, safety, environment, and security 
(HSE&S), including product stewardship
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       33

Page 34:
Nouryon's Integrated Supply Chain (ISC) Function presides 
over our worldwide supply network. ISC’s primary focus 
areas are enhancing customer satisfaction and operational 
safety. ISC's role is pivotal in ensuring rapid customer 
response, reducing logistical complexities, guaranteeing 
supply reliability, and maintaining superior product 
quality. ISC accomplishes these objectives by promoting 
operational excellence, robust safety measures, productivity 
enhancement, and cost control, thereby contributing to 
profitable growth. 
As a responsible operator and reliable supplier, safety is our 
highest priority. Our objective is to maintain responsible 
operations by continuously improving our performance in 
people safety, process safety, and product safety. 
Additionally, we are dedicated to reducing our 
environmental footprint. We strive to achieve this by 
taking measures in line with our Quality, Health, Safety, 
Environment and Security Policy (QHSE&S), while 
enhancing operational efficiency and increasing the 
procurement of renewable energy. Our QHSE&S Policy 
includes preventing or minimizing the impact due to our 
facilities, activities, and products (potential dust, noise, 
odor, air emissions, road congestion, spills), activities and 
products; through innovation in design, manufacturing, 
maintenance processes, and distribution, while optimizing 
resource efficiency along the value chain (e.g. minimizing 
and converting waste in valuable material). Furthermore, we 
maintain a robust QHSE&S management system, consistent 
with rules and procedures and global standards that 
incorporates the commitments set forth above.
Our 2023 Performance
In 2023, our process safety incident rate was 78% below our 
2019 baseline and our OSHA Incident Rate (OIR) was 3% 
below the 2019 baseline. Our people safety performance 
continues to rank in the top quartile according to the most 
recent American Chemistry Council benchmark data.
Of our 60 global manufacturing sites, 95% have certified 
Environmental Management Systems, such as ISO 14001 
or RC 14001. In addition, our ISC approach resulted in 
a 1% increase in asset uptime (excluding downtime due 
to weather events and global supply shortages), yielding 
approximately $77M in combined reductions in operational 
and raw material costs. This has allowed us to reallocate 
resources towards creating a more agile organization. 
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       34

Page 35:
5.1  Continually Improving Our 
People and Process Safety 
GRI 403-3
Our value 'We do it right,' encapsulates a culture of 
safety awareness that serves to protect our employees, 
contractors, customers, communities, and the environment. 
Our continuous goal is to enhance our performance 
with the ultimate ambition of achieving zero injuries and 
harm. We have set internal objectives aimed at eradicating 
workplace injuries and have a robust safety management 
program to consistently improve our safety performance. 
The program includes numerous initiatives such as LSRs, 
Risk of the Quarter, and incident investigation and reporting, 
among others. 
Our 2023 Performance
As a result of these strategic initiatives, we have seen a 
significant reduction in incidents from 2019 through 2023. 
As previously mentioned, our OIR decreased by 3%, and 
our process safety incident rate saw a reduction of 78% 
compared to 2019. We remain committed to making further 
improvements in our safety performance. For example, 
we are focusing on leading indicators, emphasizing 
hazard recognition, and enhancing incident learning to 
preemptively address potential safety issues.
People Safety
GRI 2-25, 403-3, 403 3-3, 403-1, 403-2, 403-4, 403-5, 403-9, and 403-10
Nouryon ensures that safety is an integral part of our culture 
at every level. We have workplace accident prevention 
policies, including our extensive HSE&S Procedures includng 
LSRs, and strong management systems to drive continuous 
improvement in this area. To elevate awareness and 
reinforce our safety culture, we actively report on leading 
parameters such as:
• Near misses: These are events that, although they did 
not result in any immediate impact, had the potential 
to cause injury, ill health, or damage to assets or the 
environment.
• Hazards: These are any conditions or situations that 
could potentially harm people, products, or the 
environment.
By focusing on these parameters, we ensure that safety 
remains at the forefront of our operations, thereby 
minimizing risks and enhancing the overall safety of our 
operations. We conduct audits on each site to ensure 
compliance with regulatory and internal requirements,. 
Regular safety-related trainings and emergency drills 
are conducted at every site at least once annually, with 
thorough documentation of outcomes and lessons learned 
to continually improve our processes.
Each incident that occurs at our sites is subject to a 
thorough investigation and root cause analysis. Health, 
Safety and Environment (HSE) alerts are developed for all 
focus events, outlining root causes as well as key learnings 
from the incident. Our regional HSE managers engage 
in weekly calls to review our focus events, which include 
near misses. These incidents are then reviewed with ISC 
leadership and HSE teams. We do not differentiate between 
employees and temporary workers when it comes to 
occupational health and safety hazards.
Furthermore, we implement a BBS program at all our 
locations. The purpose of this program is to identify unsafe 
behaviors, provide training to frontline leaders, and inspire 
behavioral change among employees and contractors 
to minimize potential hazards in the workplace. These 
observations are conducted regularly and systematically. 
Suggestions for improvement and employee feedback are 
integrated into the program and utilised for the continuous 
improvement of our sites. Our Internal Audit team conducts 
regular audits of BBS programs, with each site being audited 
every three years to assess effectiveness. Additionally, our 
sites must internally audit the effectiveness of their BBS 
program themselves each year.
Every recordable injury is thoroughly investigated to identify 
root causes and determine appropriate corrective actions 
to prevent future incidents. We conduct a comprehensive 
workplace risk assessment of hazards and implement 
mitigation actions to prevent injuries. Our basic procedures 
outline the hierarchy of controls to mitigate potential 
hazards. We adhere to this hierarchy in our design and 
operational procedures to ensure that we respond to 
potential hazards at the earliest possible stage.
Chemical hazards are identified at each site location and 
maintaining a list of the chemicals used and produced 
along with their safety data sheets (SDS) is compulsory.
We organize an annual company-wide Safety Day to 
boost employee awareness and fortify our global safety 
culture. You can find more information on this on page 
36. We conduct corporate compliance audits for QHSE&S, 
including process safety, in a three-year cycle at our 
production sites. 
At sites where ISO 14001 and 9001 certificates apply, the 
corporate audit encompasses the requirements for these 
standards and others, including applicable regulatory 
requirements, Nouryon HSE Procedures, ISO 9001, 14001, 
and 45001, RC 14001. These rigorous audits ensure that 
our operations meet the highest safety and environmental 
standards.
Our HSE&S procedures include:
• Leadership and managing HSE&S improvement
• Health and Safety of employees and contractors
• Security of people and assets
• Product stewardship
• Emergency response and community awareness
• Asset integrity and process safety
• Site environment protection and pollution prevention
• Competency management
• Reporting of sustainability and HSE&S performance 
data
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       35

Page 36:
Nouryon Global Safety Day 2023
At Nouryon, we prioritize safety and dedicate an 
annual Safety Day to share ideas, experiences, 
and best practices in support of our collective 
responsibility to prioritize safety in all our endeavors. 
Safety Day 2023 was particularly special as it 
coincided with the launch of our new initiative, 
Nouryon Cares. This initiative extends beyond a 
single safety aspect, emphasizing our commitment to 
ourselves, our colleagues, and our communities.
Nouryon Cares aims to highlight real-life 
achievements, programs, and experiences that 
underscore our core commitments, including 
safety, employee well-being, and sustainability. This 
comprehensive focus reinforces not only how but 
why we show our care.
From the safety angle, Nouryon employees and 
contractors worldwide shared compelling stories 
online about prioritizing safety in the workplace and 
highlighting importance of employee well-being. From 
the caring perspective, teams volunteered together in 
their local communities. Employees also participated 
in interactive workshops and team-building exercises.
Safety Day highlights from around the world included:
• In China, our Shanghai office hosted a health 
lecture by a traditional Chinese medical 
practitioner.
• In India, the Mumbai office organized a group skit 
on safety scenarios to emphasize the importance 
of a proactive safety culture.
• In the US, employees from our Battleground and 
Pasadena sites volunteered at an annual Safety 
Fair for students, partnering with local community 
groups.
• In Brazil, our Jundiaí site hosted a week-long series 
of workshops on topics related to health and well-
being.
• In the Netherlands, Rotterdam site employees 
collected food and essentials for their local food 
bank.
Together, these initiatives serve as a reminder that 
our core commitments are not merely concepts, but 
a way of life at Nouryon. Our commitment extends 
beyond this special day, influencing our actions and 
decisions throughout the year. 
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       36

Page 37:
Safety statistics: employees, temporary workers, and contractors18
Regular Safety Training 
GRI 403-5
At Nouryon, we conduct regular health and safety training 
beyond the initial induction for new joiners. Here are some 
examples:
Training on Specific Health Hazards
• Management and employees with production-related 
roles receive instructions and skills training on specific 
health hazards at work, such as dust, noise, ergonomics, 
chemical safety, and health risk assessments.
Site Managers' Training Requirements
• Site managers must complete HSE Leadership and 
Process Safety Fundamentals training.
• Safety drills are conducted at least annually.
Life-Critical Procedures (LCPs) and Key Hazards Management
• Each site must have mandatory Life-Critical Procedures 
(LCPs) to manage key hazards and reinforce Life-Saving 
Rules (LSRs).
• Additional operational procedures cover areas such as 
maintenance and inspection plans, machine guarding, 
electrical safety, and lifting.
• All employees and contractors exposed to potential 
risks associated with LCPs are trained in site-specific 
procedures, including testing and validation for required 
competence, with refresher training provided.
Change Management Training
• Formal management of the change process is required 
when assets change, resulting in specific training 
requirements.
Mandatory and Online Safety Courses
• Online safety courses are accessible to all employees 
through the learning platform.
• Comprehensive training programs ensure that all 
employees are equipped with the necessary knowledge 
and skills to maintain a safe working environment.
Crisis Communications Training
• Every three years, Crisis Communications (Media) 
Training is conducted for appointed spokespeople and 
52 employees were trained in 2023. 
Hazard Recognition Tools and Training Council
• Tools are provided to improve hazard recognition 
capabilities, such as the HSE&S Good Practices tool.
• In 2022, a Training Council was established to set global 
fundamentals related to safety and update training 
with relevant topics for the company that continued 
throughout 2023.
0.0
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
01.2019
02.2019
03.2019
04.2019
09.2019
10.2019
11.2019
12.2019
05.2019
06.2019
07.2019
08.2019
01.2020
02.2020
03.2020
04.2020
09.2020
10.2020
11.2020
12.2020
05.2020
06.2020
07.2020
08.2020
01.2021
02.2021
03.2021
04.2021
09.2021
10.2021
11.2021
12.2021
05.2021
06.2021
07.2021
08.2021
01.2023
02.2023
03.2023
04.2023
09.2023
10.2023
11.2023
12.2023
05.2023
06.2023
07.2023
08.2023
01.2022
02.2022
03.2022
04.2022
09.2022
10.2022
11.2022
12.2022
05.2022
06.2022
07.2022
08.2022
OSHA Incident Rate (OIR) Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR) 18  2023 OIR and LTIR excludes data from sites in Poland
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       37

Page 38:
Our Life-Saving Rules
The purpose of our LSRs is to ensure a safe work 
environment and safe behavior among our 
employees, contractors, and visitors. Each employee 
and contractor is trained on these rules as part of 
their company onboarding and on a regular basis 
thereafter. These rules are continually communicated 
throughout our organization.
Work with 
a valid work 
permit when 
required 
Use fall 
protection 
when working 
at height
Obtain a 
permit for entry 
into a confined 
space 
Check 
equipment is 
isolated before 
work begins
Obtain autho-
rization before 
disabling safety 
equipment
Make sure 
moving
machinery is 
guarded 
Wear a 
seatbelt in 
motor vehicles 
when provided
Do not use 
alcohol 
or drugs at 
work
Golden Principle:  
Stop work if conditions or 
behaviors are unsafe
Incidents
Every safety incident is investigated through a formal 
process to identify root causes and implement appropriate 
corrective actions. Nouryon has an internal platform 
for learning from incidents, aimed at improving hazard 
awareness and reducing risk tolerance at all our sites. 
Incidents are reviewed weekly by the global HSE 
organization and monthly by the ISC organization, 
including site leadership and the ISC leadership team. 
These sessions review and discuss incidents and analyze 
root causes, aiming to raise awareness and share best 
practices to reduce recurrences across all our sites. The 
shared learnings help Nouryon improve both people and 
process safety by allowing each site to assess selected 
incidents and their root causes and implement action items 
that reflect scenarios such as those at incident sites. 
Our commitment to safety has resulted in 32 years without 
incident at our Paulinia site and our Mahad site in India 
marking 12 years injury free ( page 39). 
Our 2023 Safety Performance Awards and Recognition
In 2023, as in previous years, Nouryon's strong safety 
performance was recognized by external organizations 
worldwide. Nouryon was recognized with several safety-
related awards in China (page 39), Japan (page 41) and the 
US (page 39).
The awards included 13 from the Texas Chemical 
Council and Association of Chemical Industry of Texas, 
acknowledging our US efforts in continuous improvement 
in safety, emergency response, security, and environmental 
stewardship in the previous year. We are extremely proud 
of our teams in Texas for consistently meeting or exceeding 
safety standards and environmental performance. For more 
information, please see page 40 .
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       38

Page 39:
Recognition as 2023 Responsible Care Company by AICM in China
Nouryon was honored with the 2023 Responsible Care Company Award and a Safety Award by the Association 
of International Chemical Manufacturers (AICM) in China. This recognition is a testament to our consistent efforts 
in environmental protection, health and safety improvements, product safety, energy conservation, and carbon 
reduction. 
As part of the global chemical industry initiative, Responsible Care, we have been actively working to enhance our 
performance in environmental protection and safety. Our commitment to this cause is reflected in our signing 
of the latest International Council of Chemical Associations Responsible Care Global Charter. Since 2019, we 
have been recognized with three Responsible Care awards. We also host the AICM Open-to-Public program at 
all our China manufacturing sites annually, showcasing our chemical innovations and maintaining transparent 
communications with our employees' families and local communities.
Consistent safety practices 
result in 12 consecutive injury-
free years at Mahad site, India
Nouryon’s Mahad site in Maharashtra, India, 
which produces organic peroxides and 
houses a refilling station for organometallic 
substances, achieved an exceptional safety 
record of 12 consecutive years without injuries 
as of 2023. This achievement underscores the 
site's commitment to robust safety practices 
and management systems. Our dedication to 
employee and community safety has been 
recognized by the Mahad Manufacturers 
Association and neighboring chemical 
manufacturing firms, for whom we also provide 
safety training.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       39

Page 40:
Achieving excellence in safety and environmental stewardship with several 
safety awards in Texas, US
In 2023, Nouryon was recognized for its commitment to leadership, safety, and environmental stewardship with 
13 awards from the Texas Chemical Council and Association of Chemical Industry of Texas:
• Caring for Texas award was given to our Houston site.
• Honorable Mention Excellence in Caring for Texas was awarded to our Fort Worth site.
• Sustained Excellence in Caring for Texas Awards were presented to both our Pasadena and La Porte sites for 
their consistent care for Texas.
• Our La Porte site received the Zero Incident Rate Employee Award for having no employee Occupational Safety 
and Health Administration (OSHA) recordable injuries or illnesses.
• The Zero Incident Rate Contractor Award was given to all our four sites (Houston, Fort Worth, Pasadena, La 
Porte) for having no recorded contractor injuries.
• The Occupational Safety Distinguished Service Awards were given to our Fort Worth and Pasadena sites for 
their active participation in safety meetings and improved injury and illness rates.
• Our Fort Worth and Houston sites were recognized with the Sam Mannan Award for Zero Process Safety 
Incidents, indicating no Tier 1 or Tier 2 incidents.
• Our La Porte, Pasadena, and Houston sites were recognized as STAR sites under the OSHA’s Voluntary 
Protection Program after a thorough evaluation process by OSHA.
Association of American 
Railroads Grand Slam Award for 
exceptional rail tank car safety 
performance 
In October 2023, Nouryon was presented 
with the prestigious Association of American 
Railroads Grand Slam Award for our exceptional 
Rail Tank Car Safety Performance during 2022. 
Unlike other companies that might use external 
programs, Nouryon has developed its unique 
in-house Engineered Sealing Program. This 
program is incorporated within our Tank Car 
Specifications and monitored through the 
Fittings and Flange Form, which was designed by 
us and implemented by Alltranstek. This award 
not only acknowledges our excellent safety 
performance but also validates the effectiveness 
of our program. Of all shippers transporting 
hazardous materials by rail in the Americas, only 
nine, including Nouryon, were recognized for 
this high level of safety performance.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       40

Page 41:
Several Safety and Environmental Protection Awards in Ningbo, China
In 2023, Nouryon‘s Ningbo site was recognized by the Administration Committee of Ningbo Petrochemical 
Economic and Technological Development Zone for stellar performance in safe production and environmental 
protection for the previous year. The site received four company awards and an individual award in 
acknowledgment of its efforts:
• Excellent Site of Safe Production
• Excellent Site of Environmental Protection
• Excellent Site of Safety Digitalization Reformation
• Excellent Site of Special Equipment Management
Over the past year, the Ningbo site team made significant safety strides, implementing several safety campaigns. 
The team also made substantial investments in environmental protection, including upgrading wastewater 
treatment facilities, implementing a sludge dryer project to reduce waste, and utilizing renewable electricity. 
President's Excellence Award for 
Kayaku Nouryon Corporation, 
Japan
Kayaku Nouryon Corporation in Japan was 
awarded the esteemed President’s Excellence 
Award by the Yamaguchi Prefectural Labor 
Standards Association in 2023. The award 
recognizes Kayaku Nouryon Corporation's 
persistent efforts to enhance the working 
environment, industrial safety, and HSE 
practices. This accomplishment underscores 
our commitment to safety in the workplace, 
driven by daily safety initiatives undertaken by 
our employees. 
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       41

Page 42:
Process Safety
We constantly strive to achieve leading performance in 
HSE&S. In 2015, Nouryon established a Process Safety 
Management (PSM) program for all operations, in line 
with regulatory requirements, industry standards, and 
best practices. Our PSM framework is designed to 
prevent incidents and safeguard our facilities and people. 
PSM applies a management system and controls at our 
manufacturing sites to ensure hazards are assessed, 
understood, and managed. In 2023, we continued to 
raise awareness and improve reporting of process safety 
indicators. As our performance in process safety has 
improved, we have shifted our focus to leading indicators. 
We review all incidents and near misses on a weekly basis. 
Our 2023 Performance
Between 2019 and 2023, the total number of incidents 
involving a process-safety event (levels 1 and 2) decreased 
by 78%.
Our Global Central Engineering Center of Excellence, 
a crucial element of process safety and overall safety, 
supports equipment and application integrity across 
Nouryon's global operations. A core group of engineering 
and environmental experts are responsible for global 
oversight of:
• Rotating equipment, such as pumps and compressors
• Fixed equipment, including pressurized and relief vessels
• Instruments and electrical components
• Turnarounds
Our team of maintenance, reliability, and environmental 
technology experts is tasked with establishing and 
maintaining global engineering standards and ensuring 
their alignment across our Company. The resulting 
enhanced equipment integrity is expected to bring greater 
efficiency, reliability, and consistency, and ultimately, 
improved safety – as well as profitability.
Continuously Improving Our Transportation Safety
We continue to closely monitor Nouryon logistics in terms 
of both environmental impact and safety. Transportation, 
including handling and storage, remain priority focus 
areas. The Global Logistics team conducts gap analysis 
in our warehouses, terminals, and depots, as well as our 
processes and associated technology. As a result, additional 
investment in resourcing and IT has been allocated for the 
ongoing evolution of our transportation strategy, while 
accelerating safety performance in this area.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       42

Page 43:
Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Absolute Change 
2022-2023
People Safety19
Total OSHA incident rate (OIR) for employees, temporary workers and contractors Per 200,000 hours worked 0.26 0.23 0.17 0.30 0.25 -0.05
Lost time injury rate (LTIR) for employees, temporary workers and contractors Per 200,000 hours worked 0.07 0.13 0.09 0.16 0.07 -0.09
Total OSHA incident rate (OIR) for employees, temporary workers Per 200,000 hours worked 0.23 0.27 0.21 0.31 0.28 -0.03
Total OSHA incident rate (OIR) for contractors Per 200,000 hours worked 0.33 0.13 0.05 0.29 0.19 -0.10
Lost time injury rate (LTIR) for employees, temporary workers Per 200,000 hours worked 0.04 0.17 0.11 0.17 0.10 -0.07
Lost time injury rate (LTIR) for contractors Per 200,000 hours worked 0.16 – – 0.12 – -0.12
Number of transport incidents20 # of incidents 20 7 -13
Lost time injury severity rate for direct workforce21 Per 200,000 hours worked 8.25 1.76 -6.50
Process Safety
Process Safety Incident Count (PSIC) # of incidents PSE1  20  4  5 3 7 4
# of incidents PSE2  40  20  13 11 6 -5
# of incidents combined (PSE1+PSE2)  60  24  18 14 13 -1
Process Safety Total Incident Rate (PSTIR) PSE1 + PSE2 Per 200,000 hours worked 0.59 0.25 0.20 0.16 0.13 -0.03
Process Safety Total Incident Rate (PSTIR) PSE1 Per 200,000 hours worked 0.20 0.04 0.05 0.03 0.07 0.04
Process Safety Incident Severity Rate (PSISR) Per 200,000 hours worked 0.20 0.04 0.09 0.08 0.16 0.09
19  2023 People Safety data are excluding the sites in Poland, see our Reporting Principles 2023  for additional explanation.
20  Reporting started in Q3 of 2021. The partial year results in 2021 were 6.
21  Based on number of days lost due to injuries x 1,000 / total hours worked.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       43

Page 44:
5.2  Product Stewardship 
GRI 416 3-3, GRI 416-1
At Nouryon, we understand that our important role and 
contribution to society and sustainability go beyond 
mere regulatory compliance and span all regions of our 
operations. We are committed to managing our products 
responsibly throughout the entire supply chain – from raw 
materials to product disposal – while consistently reducing 
our impact on human health and the environment.
We create business value by offering safer alternatives 
and more sustainable solutions through our product 
stewardship programs. This aligns with our goal to develop 
and deliver Eco-Premium Solutions to our customers and 
the broader market.
Our comprehensive product stewardship process consists 
of eight key elements (see table below) and is diligently 
monitored at each stage. Our manufacturing sites are 
consistently evaluated through the Nouryon Assessment 
Tool.
For Nouryon, this entails:
• Supplying our customers with ample safety information 
about our products through safety data sheets.
• Implementing processes that ensure HSE aspects are 
integral to our new product development and design.
• A proactive program to manage priority substances 
ahead of legislation, including a global approach to 
reviewing and safely managing hazardous substances in 
our products and processes. This could result in phasing 
out and/or substituting substances in cases where safe 
use and handling cannot be guaranteed.
Nouryon utilizes a global monitoring system to stay 
informed of regulatory developments, allowing us to 
advocate for and implement activities promptly. We support 
initiatives such as the European Green Deal, the European 
Union (EU) Chemical Strategy for Sustainability, and the US 
Toxic Substances Control Act legislation, among others. We 
contribute to the development of chemical management 
legislation worldwide through our membership in industry 
associations.
Elements of Product Stewardship Responsibilities
Lead function Support function 
1.  Leadership Nouryon Leadership Team (NLT)/ 
Product Stewardship and Regulatory Affairs (PSRA) NLT/PSRA
2.  Product design and development Research and Development (R&D) PSRA
3.  Product manufacture, distribution, use and disposal by customers
3a  – Product manufacture ISC Manufacturing PSRA
3b – Product distribution ISC Logistics PSRA
3c – Product use and disposal by customers Marketing and Sales PSRA
4.  Purchase of materials, equipment and services, including toll conversion ISC Procurement PSRA
5.  Materials inventory and hazard data for substances in produced products PSRA PSRA
6.  Product regulation and advocacy/hazard, exposure and risk assessment
6a – Product regulation and advocacy PSRA Government Affairs
6b –Hazard, exposure and risk assessment PSRA HSE
7.  Consumer information/product liability Marketing and Sales PSRA
8.  Business integrity and managing reputation-related issues NLT Communications / PSRA
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       44

Page 45:
Ensuring Safety for Our Customers and Their Products
Our commitment to safety extends beyond our products 
to include our customers and all stakeholders. We provide 
comprehensive training on how to safely use and handle 
our products. Taking the Polymer Specialties business as 
an example, our Innovation Center, located in Deventer, 
the Netherlands, serves as a hub for this training as well as 
for innovation, where highly skilled scientists from around 
the globe create advanced molecules. These products 
are designed to address the evolving needs of the plastics 
and rubbers industry, prioritizing customer safety during 
handling and minimizing environmental impact.
A standout feature of our Deventer Innovation Center is 
our premier Safety Testing Laboratory. Here, we rigorously 
test our products and processes for safety, not only in their 
use but also during transportation and handling. This state-
of-the-art facility, combined with our expert-led training, 
ensures that our employees and customers are well-
equipped to handle our products safely.
Hazard Assessment and Communication
We manage many distinct substances 22, including raw 
materials used in our production and samples for research 
and development. Of these, 2,800 are distributed and 
utilized globally In 2023, 81% of Nouryon’s net revenue 
came from products containing substances that are 
classified as Globally Harmonized System (GHS) Categories 
1 and 2 Health and Environmental Hazards 23.
Our expertise lies in handling intricate and hazardous 
chemical reactions and managing highly reactive 
chemicals. We ensure the safe use of all substances at our 
production sites and by our customers through meticulous 
management. Our company-wide protocol ensures that 
every substance manufactured by or for Nouryon has 
undergone a hazard assessment. This assessment is based 
on data related to physical chemistry, toxicity, ecotoxicity, 
and environmental fate.
All information needed to create labels and SDSs is stored 
in a centralized global database. We continually update 
this database with new regulatory information. The system 
generates labels and SDSs in accordance with each 
shipment's requirements, including the language and 
format specific to the destination country.
Nouryon is committed to avoiding vertebrate animal 
testing unless it is a legal requirement. We support the 
development of alternative testing methods that do not 
involve vertebrate animals and have implemented a policy 
to this effect. When vertebrate animal testing is mandated, 
we adhere to the '3Rs' principle: Replace, Reduce, and 
Refine animal testing.
Adherence to EU REACH Regulations 
GRI 416 3-3
Nouryon is dedicated to ensuring the safe use of our 
products in compliance with EU REACH (Regulation (EC) 
No 1907/2006). This regulation aims to enhance the 
protection of human health and the environment from 
potential risks associated with chemicals. REACH, which 
stands for Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and 
Restriction of Chemicals, outlines procedures for gathering 
and assessing information on the properties and hazards of 
substances.
As part of our compliance with REACH, we conduct 
chemical hazard, exposure, and risk assessments, 
and communicate safe usage through extended 
safety data sheets (e-SDS). We require new suppliers 
within the European Economic Area to provide e-SDS 
documentation (along with other necessary data). Our site 
and procurement teams collaborate in this process, with 
our PSRA teams providing advice on REACH aspects and 
conducting regulatory checks.
Nouryon is a member of the European Chemical 
Industry Council (CEFIC) REACH Action Plan for Review/
Improvement of Registration Dossiers. We are also actively 
engaged in new chemical REACH-like regulations and are 
conducting registrations in Taiwan, South Korea (K-REACH), 
Turkey (KKDIK), and Great Britain (UK-REACH).
22  This includes raw materials for our manufactured products, intermediates and R&D samples from innovation projects. This does not include products and materials purchased that 
are not directly employed in our manufacturing processes, e.g. lubricants or laboratory reagents.
23  GHS category 1.1 Health hazards include the following criteria: acute toxicity, skin corrosion/irritation, serious eye damage/eye irritation, respiratory or skin sensitization, germ cell 
mutagenicity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicology, target organ systemic toxicity – single exposure, target organ systemic toxicity, or repeated exposure aspiration toxicity. GHS 
category 1.2 environmental.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       45

Page 46:
Responsibly Managing Substances of Concern 
GRI 416-1
Substances of concern (SoCs) are chemicals that carry 
severe hazard classifications and could potentially have 
long-term effects on human health and the environment. 
They typically include classifications such as CMR category 
1A and 1B, PBT, and vPvB.
At Nouryon, we have established a Priority Substance 
program to proactively identify and manage substances 
that require special attention. This global program includes 
a risk assessment such as the methodology used in EU-
REACH to determine safe usage of these substances. 
Management measures may involve substitution, restriction 
to certain uses, or providing specific and mandatory 
handling instructions. See page 45  for examples of 
substitutions due to the phasing out of hazardous 
substances. To further ensure product safety, we provide 
a 24/7 year-round service to offer immediate advice in 
local languages in the unlikely event of an emergency. 
We also offer interactive online customer training in 12 
languages, covering the latest safety practices for handling 
some of our products, including thermoset, crosslinking, 
organic peroxides, metal alkyls, and Expancel ® expandable 
microsphere products. This training covers hazardous 
properties, proper storage techniques, and safe use. More 
information about Nouryon’s Safety Services can be found 
on our website.
Our 2023 Performance 
In 2023, products containing more than 0.1% of a 
substance of very high concern accounted for 2.8% of 
Nouryon's net revenue. As mentioned, these substances 
of very high concern are meticulously managed to ensure 
their safe manufacture and use, with all undergoing a risk 
assessment in line with the REACH methodology.
Innovating Sustainable Alternatives: Examples of Product 
Substitution
The call for sustainable alternatives to SoCs is on the rise. 
Nouryon has a proven history of developing such alternatives 
to meet the evolving needs of our customers and regulatory 
requirements. In recent times, we have introduced safer 
substitutes such as Elfan® AT84, Redicote® E-47 NPF, and a 
safer alternative to Di-Cyclo HexylPhthalate (DCHP).
In the cleaning market, we have introduced innovative 
products such as the chelating agent, Dissolvine ® GL, and 
wetting agent AG 6206. Berol ® 260 is part of Nouryon’s 
low dioxane portfolio, which also includes degreasers 
and cleaners from the Berol ® and Ethylan® surfactant 
product lines. These products are manufactured using a 
unique process that minimizes the amount of 1,4-dioxane 
produced as a by-product.
Not only does our innovative process lower environmental 
impact, but it also makes the formulation process more 
cost-effective for our customers. It offers the potential for 
optimizing raw material purchases, reducing inventories, 
and simplifying production. All products within our low-
dioxane portfolio are listed in the CleanGredients database, 
thereby meeting the US Environmental Protection Agency 
Safer Choice standard. These include:
• Berol® 226 SA: a synergistic surfactant blend that 
optimizes cleaning and ensures easy handling
• Berol® 260 and 266: high-performance degreasers
• Berol® 609 and 611: surfactants free from nonyl-phenol 
ethoxylate
• Berol® DR-B1: an effective cleaner for outdoor use, 
qualified for direct release into the environment
• Ethylan® 1005: a low-foam, low-aquatic-toxicity primary 
surfactant degreaser
In 2023, Nouryon also introduced Triameen® Y12D , an 
antimicrobial active for advanced disinfection for the US 
cleaning market. Read more about this innovation on page 
66.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       46

Page 47:
5.3  Mitigating Climate Change
Goals and Prospects
GRI 305 3-3
At Nouryon, we understand the profound impact of climate 
change on the global environment, society, and economic 
systems. As such, we are committed to reducing greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions across our entire value chain. As the 
shift towards a net-zero-carbon economy gains momentum, 
we are continually pushing to lessen our climate-related 
impact, mitigate risks, and seize growth opportunities.
We have set specific targets to continue reducing our 
environmental footprint. To expedite and support 
Nouryon's journey towards achieving these goals, we 
further refined our Carbon Business Strategy in 2022 by 
developing a roadmap with concrete action steps, and 
in 2023 we continued to make progress. Last year, we 
achieved a 14% reduction in our absolute Scopes 1 and 2 
emissions versus our base year of 2019.
Monitoring and Reporting Our GHG Emissions
Nouryon has a robust Carbon Business Strategy and 
roadmap to reduce GHG emissions. This is described on 
page 24 in this report, including more about the progress 
we are making to reduce GHG emissions. We report GHG 
emissions in CO2 (carbon dioxide) equivalents across 
three levels: emissions from our own operations (Scope 
1)26, emissions from purchased energy (Scope 2) 27, and 
emissions across our value chain (Scope 3, both upstream 
and downstream).
We calculate our GHG inventory (Scopes 1 and 2) and 
other energy and environmental metrics on a quarterly 
basis, reporting the results to our Corporate Responsibility 
Council and Corporate Responsibility Committee at Board 
level. This allows us to track our progress against our 
targets. We have also developed dashboards with GHG 
and eco-efficiency data, enabling each of our global sites 
to monitor their performance using a site-at-a-glance 
tool. Additionally, we have developed internal reports 
and guidance procedures that outline our calculation 
methodology to ensure consistency from year to year.
To assist our customers, Nouryon uses life-cycle 
assessments (LCAs) to evaluate and enhance the 
environmental performance of our products within the 
value chain. A product carbon footprint (PCF) is one of the 
many environmental impact categories derived from the 
LCA. It calculates total GHG emissions – CO 2 and other 
GHG emissions (expressed as CO2 equivalent) – generated 
by a product throughout its life cycle. PCFs provide our 
customers with valuable information for assessing GHG 
emissions and offer transparency regarding the GHG 
emissions associated with our products.
Our 2023 Performance
33%
of our total energy consumption24 
is renewable25
42%
of our electricity consumption  
is renewable25
24  Includes fuel, electricity, and purchased steam.
25  Energy coming from sources such as wind, solar, hydro and from biomass.
26  ‘Scope 1’ absolute GHG emissions refers to the total direct emissions CO 2 equivalent (for example, CO 2 emissions due to combustion of fuel at our production facilities to generate 
steam) and is calculated as the sum of direct CO 2 emissions and CO 2 related to non-biomass fuels.
27  ‘Scope 2’ absolute GHG emissions refers to the total indirect emissions CO 2 equivalent (for example, CO 2 emissions at a power plant delivering electricity to our production facilities) 
and is calculated as the sum of indirect CO 2 related to purchased electricity, steam and hot water.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       47

Page 48:
Monitoring and Reporting Our Scope 3 Emissions
With assistance from an external consulting agency, 
we have improved our methodology for our Scope 3 
emissions inventory, which covers calculated emissions 
across the entire value chain. We have reviewed primary 
and secondary data sources and refined our approach to 
increase the rigor of our calculations and methodology.
We aim to utilize data sources that are temporally relevant 
and geographically representative. Whenever possible, we 
prioritize physical quantities (such as the mass of purchased 
raw materials and generated waste, miles traveled) 
overspend-based data. Specifically:
• For purchased goods and services (category 1), 
particularly raw materials, and waste generated in 
operations (category 5) – we identified emission factors 
that represent our global operations and supply chain.
• For business travel (category 6) – we transitioned to 
using a distance-based method for flights, rental cars, 
and personal cars, and the number of nights for hotel 
stays, as opposed to generic spend-based estimates.
• For employee commuting (category 7) – we used 
average country commute data and applied the specific 
DEFRA emission factor for traveling by car.
• For use of sold products (category 11) – we added our 
high purity CO2 sales from Stenungsund.
• For the end-of-life treatment of sold products (category 
12) – we incorporated recycling and wastewater 
treatment pathways and based calculations on sales 
volume instead of production volume to better 
approximate regional waste fates for our products.
• For multiple categories – we used more recent database 
sources.
Our 2023 Performance
• For fuel and energy-related activities, not included in 
Scopes 1 and 2 – we included transport and distribution 
and well to tank losses for purchased steam.
• For upstream transport and distribution (category 4) – 
we used detailed spend data per region and transport 
mode (ship, train, truck, and plane). We included 
the leasing of warehouses, depots, and tanks not in 
operational control by Nouryon as well as third-party 
transportation and distribution services purchased by 
Nouryon.
• For employee commuting (category 7) – we improved 
our calculations by including remote employees and 
shuttle traveling in Brazil and China.
• For the end-of-life treatment of sold products (category 
12) – we conducted a deeper dive into the sales volumes 
for solid waste treatment (landfilling, incineration, and 
recycling). Water contained in the end products was 
excluded from solid waste treatment and assumed to be 
part of the wastewater treatment.
The calculated Scope 3 emissions account for 76% of 
Nouryon’s total emissions, with purchased goods and 
services making up the largest category.
By considering emissions across the entire value chain, we 
can develop a comprehensive climate strategy. It provides 
insights into the relative footprint of different parts of our 
value chain as well as potential reduction opportunities and 
how these compare with Scopes 1 and 2 reductions. It also 
informs our Scope 3 plans, including potential partnerships. 
A Scope 3 analysis inherently involves certain assumptions, 
and the methodologies and tool usage will evolve over 
time. We will continue refining our Scope 3 calculations 
based on available data and use the results to guide our 
journey towards reducing our GHG emissions across our 
value chain.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       48

Page 49:
Lowering Customer GHG Emissions 
GRI 305-5
Many of our solutions are essential in reducing GHG 
emissions for our customers. For instance, our Expancel® 
expandable microspheres can lighten packaging, which 
improves transportation fuel efficiency and reduces 
transportation-related emissions. Similarly, we offer 
solutions which are crucial to renewable energy-related 
products. These include lightweight composite parts in 
wind turbines and insulation for high-quality, high-voltage 
cables, as well as aiding in making solar panels durable 
and highly efficient. Another strong example and 2023 
testimonial from our customer E5 Incorporated, includes 
that E5® products manufactured by Nouryon provide 
significant environmental benefits, including: (i) a properly 
cured, denser concrete matrix for substantial improvement 
in concrete durability and, therefore, longevity; (ii) reduction 
of cement and supplementary cementitious materials in 
concrete mixes; (iii) elimination of curing compounds, 
burlap, visqueen and scarce water resources required for 
wet cure and higher volume supplementary cementitious 
material (SCMs and the trucks that haul these materials); 
and (iv) potentially, based on on-going research being 
conducted at Purdue University, active absorption of more 
greenhouse gases from the atmosphere (without negative 
carbonation impact on the structure) by concrete structures 
containing E5® as compared to structures without E5®.
Calculated size of Scope 3 categories 28
Purchased goods and services 
Category 1
Downstream transport and distribution
Category 9
Downstream leased assets
Category 13
Waste generated in operations
Category 5
Fuel, energy-related activities 29
Category 3
Use of sold products
Category 11
Investments
Category 15
Employee commuting
Category 7
Capital goods
Category 2
Processing of sold products
Category 10
Franchises
Category 14
Business travel
Category 6
Upstream transport and distribution
Category 4
End-of-life treatment of sold products 30
Category 12
Upstream leased assets
Category 8
28  The following categories are excluded from our calculations: Category 8: 
Nouryon does not have any upstream leased assets which we operate nor 
does operate the warehouses that are storing their products. Category 9: 
Outbound transportation and distribution services that are purchased by 
Nouryon are excluded and included in category 4 (upstream transportation 
and distribution). Category 10: Given the wide variety of intermediate 
products sold by Nouryon, obtaining data for this category is prohibitive. 
Results would be based on broad assumptions, lack accuracy and lead to a 
potential misrepresentation of our Scope 3 footprint. Category 13: Nouryon 
does not have any downstream leased assets. Category 14: Nouryon does 
not own or operate any franchises. Category 15: Nouryon's only investments 
are with other companies through joint ventures. However, data is not 
available due to competitive reasons.
29  Not included in Scopes 1 or 2.
30  Includes intermediate products.
Scopes 1, 2, and 3 calculated emissions (2023)
  Scope 1 10%
  Scope 2 14%
  Scope 3 76%
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       49

Page 50:
Innovative steam boiler operational at Kvarntorp, 
Sweden production facility
Nouryon successfully started operating an innovative steam boiler at the 
Kvarntorp, Sweden production facility in 2023. The new boiler, installed by 
industrial energy transitions specialist Adven, is expected to reduce the site's Scope 
1 carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions by 90%, as it uses biofuel from local forestry 
residuals such as chipped branches and tops, replacing liquefied petroleum gas. 
The switch to biofuel will also save energy by reducing the need to heat lake 
water. This will, in turn, increase the production capacity at the facility.
Our Kvarntorp site produces chelates used in applications such as efficient 
bleaching in the pulp and paper industry and increasing crop yields in agricultural 
applications by combating iron deficiency in high pH soils. This initiative is partially 
funded by Klimatklivet, a Swedish Environmental Protection Agency project. The 
anticipated CO2 reduction is equivalent to 8,000 metric tons of CO2 annually, or 
the annual energy use of approximately 1,000 average homes in Sweden, under 
normal production conditions.
Did you know?
Advanced sustainability efforts with more 
than 400 product carbon footprint sheets
The Nouryon Polymer Specialties team developed more than 
400 Product Carbon Footprint sheets, which are available on 
our Sales Support Portal, Sales app, and Distribution app. This 
initiative is in response to customer requests for carbon data 
related to our products. The sheets have been generated using 
a semi-automated approach, providing important carbon data 
while we develop a Nouryon-wide tool.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       50

Page 51:
5.4  Eco-Efficiency and Circularity 
The chemical industry plays a pivotal role in facilitating 
more sustainable and circular production. Enhancing the 
eco-efficiency of our facilities is a vital component of our 
sustainability approach.
Our global HSE procedures set requirements to help foster 
environmental protection at all our sites. For instance, 
site management continuously seeks ways to reduce 
environmental impacts, waste generation, and energy 
consumption through objective plans and targets outlined in 
each site's Improvement Plan. Each site management team is 
responsible for maintaining an Environmental Management 
System that identifies significant environmental impacts and 
ensures they are appropriately managed.
  
In line with Company goals, each location sets annual 
targets for energy reduction and considers the best 
available technologies. Each site completes a water 
balance assessment and is aware of the sustainability issues 
associated with the water supply at the facility. Additionally, 
sustainability reviews, including carbon efficiency, are 
conducted for capital-expenditure projects above a certain 
monetary threshold.
Nouryon uses a dashboard to monitor eco-efficiency 
parameters. Our sites track these to measure performance. 
We are also constantly innovating to develop more 
sustainable and circular products. This includes using 
renewable feedstocks such as cellulose instead of fossil-
based feedstocks, and circular production methods, like 
co-locating with customers to minimize transport and 
create shared resource models. We use bio-based steam 
and electricity in our Integrated Manufacturing Model sites 
in Brazil.
Our 2023 Performance 
From 2019 through 2023, the intensity of our freshwater 
consumption increased by 1%, and our total waste 
intensity decreased by 1%. Between 2019 and 2023, 
we decreased our total absolute Scopes 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions by 14%.
Products from Recycled and Bio-Based Feedstock
To meet the growing demands of our customers for 
enhanced product sustainability, we develop products 
using bio-based raw materials that are partially or fully 
derived from natural sources. Sustainably produced bio-
based sources enable a more circular economy and can 
also have a lower carbon footprint compared to alternatives 
across their life cycles, thereby reducing GHG emissions.
We utilize co-product materials as inputs for higher-value 
products, including tallow and cotton linters, among others. 
For instance, we manufacture rheology modifiers for the 
paint industry based on cellulose made from cotton linters.
Improving Recyclability
Our products can assist our customers in enhancing the 
recyclability of their products. For instance, we provide 
polymer catalysts that can modify the properties of 
mechanically recycled polymers, enabling them to be 
upscaled and used in applications currently reserved 
for new virgin polymer streams. Our products also help 
maintain high quality in finished products made from 
recycled plastics.
Reducing Waste through Green Shipping
In addition to product design, we seek opportunities to 
reduce waste in our value chain. For instance, at our Asa 
site in Japan, our customers return empty containers 
for products, so that these can be reused or recycled. In 
2023, the site received nearly 170,000 containers from our 
customers for reuse or recycling.
We also use onsite expansion of our Expancel® expandable 
microsphere product and point-of-use mobile expanders 
to decrease shipping volumes and costs. Every truckload 
of material our customers expand onsite saves 30 to 40 
truckloads.
Nouryon is constantly seeking ways to ship more efficiently 
to save costs and reduce our environmental impact. 
This includes utilizing warehouses closer to customers 
and reusable dunnage, which provides a dual benefit by 
reducing packaging waste and eliminating the need for 
special cleaning at customer sites. We are also exploring 
the use of electric trucks in transportation, as with the pilot 
project we launched in Sweden in 2023, in partnership with 
Volvo Trucks and Den Hartogh. Additional details can be 
found in the case study on page 52 .
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       51

Page 52:
Collaborating to address air emissions in the pulp and paper industry
In response to stricter global regulations on nitrogen oxides (NOx) and sulfur dioxides (SOx) emissions, Nouryon 
has developed a cost-effective solution which effectively reduces these emissions from the pulp and paper 
industry. Since 2022, Nouryon has partnered with Valmet, a leading technology provider, to offer chlorine dioxide 
(ClO2)-based NOx reduction (De-NOx) technology to customers.
Pilot tests have shown significant NOx reduction, with trials achieving between 80% and 97% reduction. The 
technology also reduced sulfur dioxide (SO 2) and hydrochloric acid (HCl). Valmet has successfully installed full-
scale De-NOx installations in Asia, where ClO 2 is dosed as a liquid. The first such installation has been operating 
continuously for six years at Sun Paper in Shandong Province, China, achieving significant reductions in NOx and 
SOx emissions.
The development of this technology has been supported by a research group at Chalmers University of 
Technology in Sweden and funded by the Swedish Energy Agency. The technology is suitable for industries with 
large NOx emissions and where other reduction technologies are not effective. It is also suitable for industrial 
boilers requiring multi-pollutant purification. The technology is flexible and an "end-of-pipe" technology, meaning 
it does not interfere with boiler operations.
Sustainable transportation pilot 
project in Sweden
Nouryon embarked on a journey towards a 
more sustainable future by participating in a pilot 
project in 2023 by Den Hartogh. The pilot, which 
involves Den Hartogh’s purchased electric truck 
from Volvo, commenced with the first load of 
Nouryon product in Stenungsund, Sweden. The 
pilot aims to gather data and experience from 
the use of battery electric trucks in the chemical 
industry. It will assess opportunities and identify 
limitations, thereby contributing to electrification 
of road transport and Nouryon’s efforts to 
reduce carbon across the value chain.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       52

Page 53:
Waste
Approximately half of our sites successfully reduced their 
waste intensity by finding alternative uses for waste streams 
and effectively converting waste into by-products. As a 
result, our total waste intensity decreased by 1% between 
2019 and 2023. We remain committed to achieving our 
2030 total waste intensity target and are formulating a plan 
to ensure that it is met.
Water
Nouryon conducts an annual water risk assessment. 
We utilize the WRI Aqueduct tool every three years and 
conduct an annual survey of all sites globally. This forms 
the basis of our assessment of sites with high water stress, 
as reported in our environmental data. We previously 
identified two sites – Ningbo and Boxing, in China – as 
water-stressed, and other sites to be monitored. This 
process also informs potential improvement opportunities. 
These two sites are exploring ways to improve their water 
management, such as reviewing projects to include reuse 
or recovery of wastewater or wash water, reducing water 
consumption, enhancing washing efficiency with less 
water, and exploring the use of alternative types of water.
Sites not identified as water-stressed are also initiating 
measures to improve water management by reducing 
water use or using alternative water sources. For instance, 
at our Salisbury, NC, US, site, certain wastewater is 
recycled within processes for reuse rather being sent to 
wastewater treatment. Our Fort Worth, TX, US, site has 
implemented measures to improve water management, 
including:
• Extending production cycles to reduce water 
consumption in the spray dryer.
• Decreasing the quantity of water added to in-process 
material to minimize the amount of water required 
to be dehydrated to achieve the desired finished-
production solid concentration.
• Lowering process temperatures to reduce water 
evaporation in cooling towers.
• Increasing the target solid concentration for certain 
products to minimize dehydration rate and water 
addition during production.
• The introduction of a new filtration system, which 
reduces the frequency of changes and the quantity of 
water required to clean the filtration and reduces water 
discharge.
Our 2023 Performance
A rainwater harvesting system was successfully 
implemented at the Mahad site in India. This system 
involves the collection of rainwater from a rooftop area of 
100 square meters and its diversion into a water storage 
tank. The system is designed to collect approximately 300 
cubic meters of rainwater annually.
Between 2019 and 2023, our freshwater consumption 
intensity increased by 1%. We are in the process of 
formulating a plan to ensure we achieve our 2030 
freshwater consumption intensity target.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       53

Page 54:
Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Progress toward target 33
Company carbon footprint
Total absolute direct and indirect emissions market-based (Scopes 1 and 2) Thousand tonnes CO2e 1,506 1,488 1,467 1,498 1,294 -14%
Carbon intensity (Scopes 1 and 2 combined) Kg CO2e/Tonne of production 408 416 395 411 384 n/a
Direct absolute GHG emissions (Scope 1)34,35 Thousand tonnes CO2e 588 604 620 636 563 n/a
Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) intensity Kg CO2e/Tonne of production 159 169 167 174 167 n/a
Indirect GHG emissions market-based (Scope 2)36,37 Thousand tonnes CO2e 918 884 847 862 731 n/a
Indirect GHG emissions market-based (Scope 2) intensity Kg CO2e/Tonne of production 249 247 228 236 217 n/a
Indirect GHG emissions location-based (Scope 2) Thousand tonnes CO2e 1,276 1,196 1,199 1,254 1,241 n/a
Calculated Scope 3 total absolute GHG emissions Thousand tonnes CO2e 4,427 4,097 n/a
Total absolute GHG emissions (Scope 1, Scope 2 market-based, and Scope 3) Thousand tonnes CO2e 5,926 5,391 n/a
Direct emissions, covered by emissions-limiting regulations % of direct emissions 22% 25% 25% 27% 24% n/a
Energy Management
Total energy consumption38 Mln GJ 30.4 30.7 32.7 33.4 31.5 n/a
Total energy consumption intensity38 Gj/Tonne of production 8.24 8.59 8.81 9.15 9.34 n/a
Percentage renewable energy consumed39 % 30% 38% 38% 34% 33% n/a
Percentage renewable electricity consumed % 36% 48% 49% 39% 42% n/a
Percentage energy from grid electricity % 62% 61% 60% 59% 61% n/a
Energy consumption from unbundled RECs40 MWh 40,312  59,554 n/a
Carbon offsets purchased41 Tonnes CO2 200  127 n/a
Total self-generated electricity Mln GJ - - - - - n/a
Air Quality
NOx absolute emissions Tonnes 471 482 513 527 468 n/a
NOx emission intensity Kg/Tonne of production 0.13 0.13 0.14 0.14 0.14 n/a
SOx absolute emissions Tonnes 3,533 3,135 3,288 3,333 3,446 n/a
SOx emission intensity Kg/Tonne of production 0.96 0.88 0.89 0.91 1.02 n/a
VOC absolute emissions Tonnes 669 1,172 1,938 1,792 1,853 n/a
VOC absolute emission intensity Kg/Tonne of production 0.18 0.33 0.52 0.49 0.55 n/a
Hazardous air pollutants Tonnes 374 357 408 n/a
Hazardous air pollutants intensity Kg/Tonne of production 0.10 0.10 0.12 n/a
5.5  Environmental Data Sheet (1/2)
31,32 GRI 305, GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2, GRI 305-3, GRI 305-4, GRI 305-7
31   For all figures, minor corrections to historical data may be made to improve accuracy or based on methodology updates. Environmental and Energy metrics have been updated to include data from the acquired Polish sites, including historical data back to 2019. this provides a 
consistent basis for comparing performance on our targets (carbon water, and waste) vs. the base year. In our internal reporting procedures, we recalculate base year data in cases where the change is material (5% or more).
32 All metrics are calculated according to our Reporting Principles 2023 .
33 Percentage change 2019-2023.
34  Scope 1 does not include process emissions from other greenhouse gases (CH 4, N2O, Hydrofluorocarbons, and Perfluorocarbons) and their CO 2 equivalents. For 2023 in Scope 1, this was estimated to be less than 2% and not included.
35 Including Carbon offsets purchased to compensate for Scope 1 emissions in our carbon neutral sites. 
36 Scope 2 does not include process emissions from the other greenhouse gases CH 4, N2O, Hydrofluorocarbons, and Perfluorocarbons, as per Nouryon's Reporting Principles 2023 .
37 Including RECs retired on our behalf for utility supplied renewable electricity and other utility contractual instruments.
38 Energy consumption is expressed in mln GJ which is the sum of the actual consumed by the sites.
39 Renewable-energy data include renewable fuels such as biomass, purchased renewable steam, and renewable electricity from solar, wind, and hydro power.
40 RECs retired on our behalf for utility supplied renewable electricity and other utility contractual instruments.
41  Carbon offsets purchased to compensate for Scope 1 emissions in our carbon neutral sites. Offsets are not included in our emissions inventory (Scopes 1, 2, or 3). These offsets have been certified by the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS), administered by Verra, and retired.  
For more information, see www.verra.org. Offsets are applied to prior year emissions.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       54

Page 55:
Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Progress toward target 42
Emission to Water – Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)
COD absolute emissions to surface water Tonnes 845 768 896 854 836 n/a
COD emission intensity to surface water Kg/Tonne of production 0.23 0.21 0.24 0.23 0.25 n/a
COD absolute emissions to external wastewater treatment Tonnes 15,257 16,515 17,917 18,447 15,380 n/a
COD emission intensity to external wastewater treatment Kg/Tonne of production 4.13 4.60 4.81 5.04 4.56 n/a
Water Management
Absolute freshwater intake Thousand m3 134,868 147,270 161,652 153,407 151,543 n/a
Freshwater intake intensity m3/Tonne of production 36.5 41.1 43.4 41.9 44.9 n/a
Percentage in regions with high water stress % 2.3% 2.0% 1.6% 2.0% 2.0% n/a
Absolute freshwater consumption43 Thousand m3 15,427 14,786 14,349 14,497 14,295 n/a
Freshwater consumption43 intensity m3/Tonne of production 4.18 4.12 3.85 3.96 4.24 1%
Percentage in regions with high water stress % 19% 20% 18% 18% 21% n/a
Waste Management
Total absolute waste Tonnes 62,587 59,449 63,243 68,959 56,393 n/a
Total waste intensity Kg/Tonne of production 17.0 16.6 17.0 18.9 16.7 -1%
Absolute non-hazardous waste Tonnes 45,143 41,718 42,146 44,652 35,368 n/a
Non-hazardous waste intensity Kg/Tonne of production 12.2 11.6 11.3 12.2 10.5 n/a
Absolute hazardous waste Tonnes 17,444 17,731 21,097 24,306 21,025 n/a
Absolute hazardous waste to landfill Tonnes 417 465 268 548 193 n/a
Percentage hazardous waste reused % 24% 28% 33% 24% 26% n/a
Production
Performance Formulations Thousand tonnes 2,028 1,964 1,996 1,912 1,686 n/a
Technology Solutions Thousand tonnes 1,662 1,622 1,729 1,747 1,689 n/a
Sustainable Sourcing
Percentage suppliers screened using Risk IQ44 % of spend 96% 94% 90% n/a
Percentage suppliers measured on EcoVadis performance45 % of spend 50% 60% 66% n/a
Percentage suppliers acknowledging our Business Partner Code of Conduct46 % of spend 98% 99.74% 99.81% n/a
Percentage of bio-based raw materials (portion of organic materials) % of organic portion (by mass) 20% 21% 22% 22% 20% n/a
Management Systems47 Per April, 2021 Per February 28, 2022 Per March 23, 2023 Per December 31, 2023
Percentage of manufacturing sites with ISO-14001/RC-14001 certifications % 77% 84% 98% 95% n/a
Percentage of manufacturing sites with ISO-9001 certifications % 88% 88% 82% n/a
5.5  Environmental Data Sheet (2/2)
42 Percentage change 2019-2023.
43  Total freshwater consumption (excluding once through cooling water intake) [1,000m 3].
44  In terms of all external spend (product, non-product, energy, logistics, etc.) The Risk IQ tool considers industry segment risk, country risk and EcoVadis scores from the complete EcoVadis database.
45  Based on policies, actions, results. For more information: https://ecovadis.com/
46  Tracked by acceptance of a Nouryon Purchase Order or a signed Nouryon contract.
47   Our ISO certification percentage metric includes sites that have been in our portfolio for one year. This is to allow sufficient time required for activities reviewed by the certification process (e.g., pre-start up safety reviews, management reviews, production, and/or internal audits 
if relevant). Any exceptions will be identified.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       55

Page 56:
6.  Innovating and Growing our Sustainable 
Solutions
GROW AND INNOVATE
to create sustainable solutions  
enabling customers to be more sustainable
Key Sustainable Development Goals:
Highlights Relevant Policies and Programs
• Quality, Health, Safety, Environment and 
Security Policy
•  HSE&S Rules and Procedures
ISCC PLUS certification 
for MCA production at our 
Delfzijl site, the Netherlands
Ringier Technology 
Innovation Award for two of 
our personal care products
Started full-scale production 
of our new Expancel® plant 
in Green Bay, Wisconsin, US
32% of revenue from  
Eco-Premium Solutions48
13 strategically located 
Innovation and Application 
Centers
74% of our R&D product 
pipeline49 is focused on 
solutions with sustainability 
benefits in 2023
Retention rate of more than 
95% over the past six years 
of our top 250 customers
48  Our Eco-Premium Solutions are products that offer significant sustainability benefits over mainstream alternatives in the market while providing the same or better functionality. For more information, see page 64 .
49  In 2023, we introduced a new metric for our product innovation pipeline, called Eco-Solutions in order to highlight the crucial sustainability value drivers, such as bio-based and biodegradability, which are vital components of product sustainability in our end-markets.  
More details available on page 65 .
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       56

Page 57:
6.1  Our Business 
GRI 2-1
Our business is divided into two segments and aims 
to deliver market-focused, innovative solutions with 
sustainable benefits to meet our customers' needs. This has 
contributed to a retention rate of more than 98% over the 
past six years for our top 250 customers.
We provide expertly designed and customized solutions for 
a variety of everyday products that support our customers’ 
growth and sustainability targets. Our customers include 
large multinational corporations, regional market leaders, 
and distributors aligned with our addressable end-markets 
related to Agriculture and Food, Home and Personal 
Care, Natural Resources, Paints and Coatings, Polymer 
Specialties, and Renewable Fibers.
Our offerings include, among others:
• Biodegradable pods: A biodegradable solution for 
automatic dishwasher pods, and biodegradability in 
liquid laundry detergent pods effective at lower water 
temperatures.
• Sustainable hairstyling: Improved products to meet 
demand for “silicon-free” products. 
• Biodegradable laundry polymer: Biodegradable 
polymers for laundry detergents. 
• Biodegradable binders: Biodegradable binder for seed 
treatment and encapsulation technology for actives and 
sustainable adjuvants under development. 
• Water-soluble polymer: Bio-based water-soluble 
polymer with applications in personal care, mining, food, 
and pharma. 
• Green demulsifiers: A series of green demulsifiers for a 
wide range of applications. 
• Renewable energy: Solutions for solar panels with long 
durability and high efficiency; lightweight composite 
parts in windmills for renewable electricity; insulation for 
high-quality, high-voltage cables. 
• Circularity and recycling: Renewable fibers that are 
transforming the textile industry, improved plastics 
recycling through upgraded polymer properties, and 
efficient and circular Integrated Manufacturing Model 
(IMM) facilities.
Some examples of notable product launches in 2023 
include antimicrobial active Triameen® Y12D  (page 66), 
Kromasil® 100Å diC4 spherical silica ( page 68), Berol® 
Nexxt surfactant and Dissolvine® GL Premium chelating 
agent (page 67). 
Revenue split by business lines per business segment
Performance Formulations
 Agriculture and Food
 Home and Personal Care
 Natural Resources
 Paints and Coatings
Technology Solutions
 Polymer Specialties
 Renewable Fibers
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       57

Page 58:
Below are examples of what we offer our customers 
according to their end-market needs: 
Agriculture and Food  
(~22% Eco-Premium Solutions):
Natural Resources  
(~30% Eco-Premium Solutions):
Paints and Coatings  
(~62% Eco-Premium Solutions):
Polymer Specialties  
(~22% Eco-Premium Solutions):
Renewable Fibers  
(~57% Eco-Premium Solutions):
Home and Personal Care  
(~44% Eco-Premium Solutions):
• Solutions for crop protection, including biodegradable 
co-formulants and green solvents. 
• Crop nutrition products that enable efficient water use. 
• Diet fortification. 
• Food and beverage preservation solutions. 
• Improved crop yield solutions. 
• Water conservation solutions. 
• We favor natural materials over fossil based.
• We contribute to lightweighting.
• We provide lube additives that lower emissions and 
increase fuel efficiency.
• We support recyclability/secondary use.
• We assist in water management.
• We target the faster-growing applications, including 
cool roof coatings. These innovations are driven by the 
demand for more efficient and sustainable solutions.
• Our environmentally friendly antimicrobial agent 
enables the formulation of a robust and tintable anti-
viral paint.
• We provide low volatile organic compounds 
(halogenated and non-halogenated).
• We supply expandable microspheres that increase solar 
reflectance performance of cool-roof coatings.
• PVC (polyvinyl chloride) window profiles
• High-voltage cables
• Paint resins
• Insulation panels
• Solar panels
• Recycling enabler to plastics
• Composites for end-products such as wind turbines
• Recyclable packaging
• Pulp, paper, and packaging products
• Textiles and apparel
• This business line holds the number two position 
worldwide for green chelate production in our industry.
• We offer naturally based and biodegradable products 
used in cleaning and personal care solutions.
• We provide cleaning products for homes, hospitals, and 
more.
• We supply natural ingredients for hair and skin care.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       58

Page 59:
Expansion of partnership with IMCD for our lubricant and fuel solutions
In 2023, Nouryon expanded its channel partnership with IMCD, a leading global distribution partner and 
formulator of specialty chemicals, for our lubricant and fuel solutions. This includes the distribution of 
select Armolube ® and Armeen® additives in the US and Europe. The strategic alliance aligns with our goal to 
better serve customers through innovation and enhances our ability to create lubricants and fuels that meet 
evolving legislation and original equipment manufacturer requirements.
Our broad portfolio of lubricant and fuel additives, backed by dedicated research and development 
labs worldwide, includes friction modifiers, corrosion inhibitors, grease thickeners, detergents, and anti-
wear components for application across multiple segments such as automotive, marine, industrial, and 
metalworking. We also offer ash-free and naturally derived additives to help customers comply with new 
regulations.
ISCC PLUS certification for green 
monochloroacetic acid (MCA) 
production
In December 2023, Nouryon achieved the 
International Sustainability and Carbon Certification 
standard ISCC PLUS for green MCA production at 
our Delfzijl site in the Netherlands. As a global leader 
in MCA supply, we are the first and only producer of 
green MCA, which is derived from sustainably sourced 
raw materials. We produce green MCA using a mass-
balance approach as defined by the ISCC standard.
MCA, a vital ingredient in the production of chemical 
building blocks such as carboxymethyl cellulose, 
agrochemicals, and surfactants, plays an essential 
role in many industries, including construction, crop 
protection, food additives, personal care, cleaning 
goods, and pharmaceuticals. Our green MCA offers 
a sustainable alternative that significantly reduces the 
product's carbon footprint without compromising on 
quality or performance.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       59

Page 60:
6.2  Innovation Based on Insights
GRI 2-6
Nouryon’s global team of 600 scientists and engineers 
leverage our market-leading product and application 
development expertise in addition to our technology 
platforms to provide innovative and sustainable, high-
performance solutions that meet the needs of customers in 
our prioritized end-markets. Our capabilities include novel 
machine learning models to accelerate our ability to deliver 
application and formulation solutions to customers and 
guide engineers to where we can explore next.
Research and Development
We operate 13 Innovation and Applications Development 
Centers around the world to continuously develop 
advanced products for the markets we serve. Our 
Innovation Centers are designed for large, global platform 
development, while our Application Development Centers 
are regional, allowing us to tailor solutions to local market 
needs and global rollouts. This dispersion enables us to 
continuously innovate our solutions to meet customer 
needs today and in the future. As customers prefer local 
supply chains and are moving away from single-source 
suppliers, this approach also improves our ability to rapidly 
serve our customers and develop localized solutions. 
Nouryon continually invests in products, applications, and 
technology improvements. Our global R&D and Technology 
organization has been designed to enhance creativity, 
collaboration, and the development of forward-thinking 
solutions aimed at rapidly bringing innovative products and 
services to the market. Our Innovation Model leverages 
Insights based on our strong understanding of industry 
and market trends to identify the challenges that we can 
uniquely solve. Our Periodic Table (see page 61) illustrates 
our product lines, capabilities, and the key end-markets 
we serve with the priority applications customers in these 
markets demand. Between our product lines and the 
end-markets we serve are our capabilities. We apply our 
Core Competencies based on our technical platforms and 
application expertise to continuously innovate and deliver 
differentiated solutions to our customers. The Collaboration 
across our global laboratories, with our suppliers, partners, 
and our valued customers, enables both a ‘technology push’ 
and ‘market pull’ in our R&D process, resulting in robust 
product portfolios that meet market demand and thereby 
create Customer Value. This includes new innovations that 
deliver on our customers’ increasing demand for more 
sustainable solutions.
Our product innovations are aimed at providing benefits 
for our customers and the environment. Our process 
innovations reduce waste, wastewater, and emissions 
to air, and we are continually striving to increase yields 
and reduce energy consumption. Our large number of 
Product Lines and Capabilities combine to yield solutions 
to Markets & Applications challenges in the segments we 
serve. We engage leading universities and partners around 
the globe to identify and develop new “elements” to add 
to our periodic table so that we can continue to provide 
competitive solutions in the markets we serve.
Our 2023 Performance
In 2023, 74% of our product innovation pipeline came from 
our Eco-Solutions and 32% of revenue came from our Eco-
Premium Solutions. Read more about Eco-Solutions and 
Eco-Premium Solutions in the next chapter. We expanded 
our Application Development Centers in Deventer, the 
Netherlands, and Chattanooga, Tennessee, US, to offer 
advanced technical service capabilities dedicated to the 
cleaning end-markets in Europe and North America. 
The expansion accelerated meaningful and sustainable 
innovation to meet the evolving needs of the cleaning 
market. Read more on page 62.
13 Innovation and Application Centers worldwide
Americas: 3
EMEA: 7
Asia-Pacific: 3
Insights
Collaboration
Core Competencies
Customer
Value
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       60

Page 61:
The Nouryon Periodic Table
Dl
Automatic
Dishwashing
& Laundry
Os
Olefines, 
Styrenics & 
Acrylics
Cp
Crop 
Protection - 
Formulations
Dm
Dry Mix
Mortar
Nf
Natural
Fibers
Ms
Modeling & 
Simulation
Sa
Product & 
Process Safety
Pe
Peroxides
Si
Silica
Al
Alkoxylates
Mu
Microspheres
Hd
Hard Surface 
Cleaning & 
Disinfection
Tc
Thermoset 
Composites
Cn
Crop Nutrition
Pa
Architectural
Paint
Og
Oil & Gas 
Demulsification
Am
Amine
Surfactants
Ce
Cellulose 
Materials
Sk
Skin & Sun
Care
Xe
X-linked
Elastomers
Hc
Hair
Care
Ph
Pharma
Pv
Polyvinyl 
chloride
Ad
Crop 
Protection - 
Adjuvants
Gy
Gypsum
Mi
Mineral  
Mining
Pu
Pulp & Paper 
Processing
Ds
Data
Science
Hr
Highly Reactive 
Chemistry
P
Solution and 
Emulsion 
Polymerization
Ak
Alkylation & 
Alkoxylation
Op
Organic
Peroxides
Ee
Ethylene 
Amines & 
Ethanolamines
Ma
Metal Alkyls
Cc
Conventional
Chelates
Se
Solution &
Emulsion 
Polymers
Pk
Packaging
As
Anti-Fouling 
& Suspension 
Agents
Fo
Food
Additives
Jc
Joint
Compound
Lf
Lubes & Fuels 
Additives
Im
Integrated 
Manufacturing
Model
Ca
Chemical
Analysis
Ba
Biodegradation 
Assessment
Pp
Particle
Processing
H
Hydrogenation
Hp
Hydrogen
Peroxide
M
Monochloro-
acetic Acid
(MCA)
Hm
High Purity 
Metal Organics
(HPMO)
Gc
Green 
Chelates & 
Micronutrients
Bp
Biopolymers
El
Electronics
Pr
Polymer 
Recycling
Fe
Feed
Additives
Af
Asphalt 
Formulations
Bm
Battery
Materials
Tx
Textile  
De-inking & 
Processing
Ss
Surface & 
Colloid Science
Ehs
Chemical EHS
Assessment
Cy
Catalysis
Co
Condensation
Reactions
Sc
Chlorates
S
Sulfur
Products
Ap
Alkali
Pellets
Ns
Naphthalene
Sulfonates
Ps
Polysulfides
Product lines
Polymers
Surfactants
& Chelates
Inorganics
& Metals
Intermediates Oxidizers Synthesis I
Synthesis II Environmental Analytical
Renewable
Fibers
Natural
Resources
Paints &
Coatings
Agriculture
& Food
Polymer
Specialties
Home &
Personal Care
Markets and ApplicationsCapabilities
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       61

Page 62:
Application Development Centers expansion in 
Europe and North America to benefit cleaning end-
market
In 2023, Nouryon expanded its Application Development Centers in Deventer, 
the Netherlands, and Chattanooga, Tennessee, US, to offer advanced technical 
capabilities for the cleaning sector in Europe and North America. This move 
supports our global network of centers and accelerates sustainable innovation 
to meet changing market needs, including growing consumer demand for eco-
friendly automatic dishwashing and liquid laundry products.
We now provide advanced performance testing supporting enhanced analytical 
competencies, ecotoxicity development, and regulatory compliance. This 
investment enhances our resources, equipment, and technical competency, 
allowing us to deliver more value to our customers.
The expansion strengthens our customer collaboration and advances sustainable 
innovation. Nouryon has application development centers for the cleaning 
end-market in Deventer, the Netherlands, Stenungsund, Sweden, as well as in 
Bridgewater, New Jersey and Chattanooga, Tennessee, US.
Initiating full-scale production at Expancel® 
expandable microspheres plant in the US
Nouryon achieved a significant milestone in 2023, with the initiation of full-scale 
production at our new Expancel ® expandable microspheres plant in Green 
Bay, Wisconsin, US. This new facility aims to better serve our North American 
customers within the packaging, construction, mining, and automotive sectors, 
and complements our existing full-scale plant in Sundsvall, Sweden, and product 
expansion facilities in China and Brazil.
Expancel® expandable microspheres enhance the performance of our 
customers' end-products by making them lighter, improving insulation, and 
reducing energy consumption and environmental impact. These features are 
highly sought after across various applications, including cool roof coatings, 
automotive coatings, and body fillers. Expancel ® is also used in applications 
such as recyclable packaging materials, freeze- and thaw-resistant concrete, 
and construction industry sealants and coatings. These applications require 
prevention of cracks and water absorption to extend the lifespan of weather-
exposed building materials.
We are committed to developing solutions that support our customers' 
sustainability goals and improve their products' performance. With more than 40 
years of expertise under the brand Expancel ® expandable microspheres, Nouryon 
remains a leading producer of expandable microspheres worldwide.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       62

Page 63:
New Levasil® colloidal silica binding system boosts  
high-temperature productivity for magnesia refractories
Nouryon is a leading global producer of colloidal silica products, and in 2023, we 
extended our Levasil® colloidal silica portfolio to the global refractories market, 
specifically for magnesia-based systems. These materials line and protect vessels 
and are utilized in industries requiring high-temperature processes, such as steel, 
glass, and cement production.
Colloidal silica, a versatile product made from sand and water, is an excellent 
binder for refractory materials. However, its use in magnesia-based refractories 
was previously limited due to rapid setting. In collaboration with Professor Dr. 
Rafael Salomão from the University of São Paulo, Nouryon developed Levasil ® 
FX401, a modified colloidal silica that overcomes rapid setting while improving 
hydration and corrosion resistance of magnesia-based refractories.
This patent-pending binder technology enhances drying efficiency, reduces CO 2 
emissions, and leads to energy savings in high-temperature processes. Moreover, 
Levasil® FX401 creates a high-density, more durable refractory material, reducing 
the carbon footprint through better resource efficiency. The material's increased 
resilience to thermal shock and chemical erosion results in lower maintenance 
costs and reduced consumption of magnesia-based refractories. This is a great 
example of how we can apply our solutions to help drive carbon reductions even 
in some of the most energy-intensive, industrial applications.
Accelerating sustainability with investment in  
Icos Capital Fund IV
In 2023, Nouryon made a strategic investment in Icos Capital Fund IV to explore 
a wide range of start-ups and budding technologies pertinent to our primary 
markets, with a particular emphasis on accelerating sustainability. This fund 
is a collaborative venture-capital initiative aimed at connecting corporations 
and financial institutions with high-growth potential start-ups, with a focus on 
emerging technologies in areas such as sustainable industry, decarbonization, 
the circular economy, and sustainable food systems.
Our corporate partnership with Icos Capital began in 2017, with our investment 
in Icos Capital Fund III. This relationship has enabled several strategic partnership 
discussions and has given us valuable innovation insights. As a corporate 
partner, Nouryon plays a role in shaping the fund's strategy and in identifying 
and evaluating potential start-ups. This partnership remains a crucial part of our 
commitment to driving innovation and sustainability.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       63

Page 64:
6.3  Eco-Premium Solutions and  
Eco-Solutions
Nouryon’s product development processes are designed 
to drive continuous sustainability improvement in the 
overall portfolio as products are updated or replaced. Eco-
Premium Solutions and Eco-Solutions are fundamental 
drivers of our sustainability agenda for creating more value 
from fewer resources, of the products we sell, and of the 
processes we use to manufacture them.
Eco-Premium Solutions
At the heart of our innovation philosophy are Eco-
Premium Solutions that offer substantial sustainability 
benefits over mainstream alternatives in the market, while 
still delivering the same or superior product performance. 
The sustainability benefits of our Eco-Premium Solutions 
can include one or more of the following:
• Improved energy efficiency (consumption)
• More efficient or lower use of natural resource/raw 
materials
• Lower emissions and waste
• Lower toxicity
• Reduced risks (for accidents during production, 
transportation, etc.)
• Lower land use
• Improved health/well-being effects
When an impact can be quantified, we classify our 
products as Eco-Premium Solutions if an underlying 
sustainability benefit demonstrates at least a 10% lower 
impact on a given criterion when assessed along the 
total product life cycle. For example, products that help 
customers lower their energy consumption may represent 
Eco-Premium Solutions based on reduced energy or fuel 
use. In addition to having one or more of the benefits, Eco-
Premium Solutions do not have significant adverse effects 
in any of the other categories.
Among others, Nouryon’s Eco-Premium Solutions include:
• Bio-based polymers
• Dissolvine ® M and GL – readily biodegradable chelating 
agents for more sustainable detergents.
• High-performance chelated micronutrients that deliver 
essential metals to plants, increasing agricultural 
productivity and crop quality.
• Proven high-quality products for asphalt applications, 
which lower energy consumption for our customers.
• Expancel® expandable microspheres, which allow paper 
and board manufacturers to dose a higher content of 
recycled fibers without losing bulk in the board.
• Levasil® colloidal silica, which works exceptionally 
well as a stabilizer, durability enhancer, and strength 
developer in construction applications.
• Kromasil® spherical silica used for high performance 
purification of APIs (active pharmaceutical ingredients).
Our 2023 Performance 
In 2023, 32% of revenue came from our Eco-Premium 
Solutions.
We started full-scale production of our new Expancel ® 
expandable microspheres plant in Green Bay, Wisconsin, 
US. This was an important milestone to better serve 
specialty additives customers in North America in 
the packaging, construction, mining, and automotive 
industries, and complements our existing full-scale plant 
in Sundsvall, Sweden, and product expansion facilities in 
China and Brazil.
Personal care industry awards 
for Amaze® SP Polymer and 
ElfaMoist® AC Humectant
Nouryon achieved notable recognition in the 
Chinese market in 2023, as two of our personal 
care products, Amaze® SP Polymer and 
ElfaMoist® AC Humectant, were awarded the 
prestigious Ringier Technology Innovation Award 
in the categories of Functional Ingredients and 
Effective Ingredients, respectively. 
Amaze® SP Polymer, a 100% natural, bio-based, 
and biodegradable hair control polymer, offers 
weightless, invisible styling. ElfaMoist® AC 
Humectant is lauded for its superior penetration 
and deposition properties, providing non-sticky, 
quick, and long-lasting skin moisturizing efficacy.
Launched in the China market in 2006, the 
Ringier Technology Innovation Awards are 
among the most respected awards in the 
Chinese personal care industry. This recognition 
highlights Nouryon’s innovative capabilities 
and commitment to support the sustainable 
development of the Chinese personal care 
industry.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       64

Page 65:
Our 2023 Performance
In 2023, 74% of our R&D product pipeline included Eco-
Solutions.
Natural Demand
Our product innovations are increasingly focused on bio-
based, biodegradable, and circular solutions, including 
natural polymers in Home and Personal Care and 
cellulose-based raw materials in Paints and Coatings. 
Other innovations include our range of biodegradable and 
bio-based products, such as chelating agents, surfactants, 
and polymers based on natural materials. Many of the 
products we offer are recognized in our industry for 
product safety and sustainable benefits, including by EU 
Ecolabel, Nordic Swan, COSMOS APPROVED , and US 
Environmental Protection Agency Safer Choice.
In recent years, we received the Cosmetic & Toiletries 
Allē Award in the category of Base Ingredients for 
our SolAmaze ® Natural. This is a novel bio-based, 
biodegradable product containing a film-forming 
polymer that offers superior water resistance and pleasing 
aesthetics for a broad spectrum of sunscreen applications.
Our 2023 Performance
Nouryon achieved notable recognition in the Chinese 
market as two of our personal care products, Amaze ® 
SP Polymer and ElfaMoist ® AC Humectant, were 
awarded the prestigious Ringier Technology Innovation 
Award in the categories of Functional Ingredients and 
Effective Ingredients, respectively. Amaze ® SP Polymer 
is a 100% natural, bio-based hair control polymer that 
offers weightless, invisible styling, while ElfaMoist ® AC 
Humectant has superior penetration and deposition 
properties, providing non-sticky, quick, and long-lasting 
skin moisturizing efficacy. Read more on page 64 .
50  The sustainable feedstock index is calculated based on the content of the final 
Nouryon product and is an assessment of what share of the product is derived from 
either bio-based organic materials, abundant inorganic materials and/or recycled 
materials.
51  The biodegradability criteria apply to all intentionally added components in the 
product and is applied only for solutions that will be used in applications which 
have been assessed to be relevant such as home and personal care applications 
and agricultural applications. It does not apply for example to certain applications in 
which our products are used as intermediates.
52  Sustainability advancement is the improved environmental impact of the solution as 
compared with the incumbent solution along the full life cycle. The improvement 
must be significant, meaning greater than 10% when comparing the Nouryon 
product’s cradle-to-grave impact vs. the incumbent solution.
53  The circularity criteria are that products must have a Sustainable Feedstock Index 
of 100% and will be either biodegrade or do not contain substances that inhibit the 
possibilities for recycling in their respective application.
Eco-Solutions
To highlight the crucial sustainability value drivers within 
our end-markets, we have introduced a new metric for our 
product innovation pipeline, named Eco-Solutions. These 
are product and product line innovations that we plan to 
introduce in the future based on success. They emphasize 
key sustainability drivers such as whether product 
innovations in our research and development (R&D) 
pipeline are bio-based or biodegradable, as these are vital 
components of product sustainability in our end-markets. 
 
Product innovations are assessed by product safety 
and regulatory criteria. Solutions are not expected to be 
regulated in a way that restricts their intended application 
over the next five years.
 
In addition, Eco-Solutions have either: 
• a sustainable feedstock index greater than 50% 50;
• are biodegradable 51;
• bring a significant environmental footprint 
advancement 52.
If products meet more strict criteria, they may be 
considered circurlar 53.
We continue to reduce our overall environmental footprint 
throughout the life cycle of a product, including in our 
customers’ applications. In this updated metric, when we 
consider environmental footprint performance, we focus 
on emissions (including climate-related GHGs and other 
air emissions), resource consumption, energy efficiency, 
and toxicity.
 
The scope of the Eco-Solutions metric includes all active 
New Product Introduction projects in stages 3 (creation), or 
4 (scale-up), and excludes stages 1 (screening), 2 (feasibility), 
and 5 (launch and monitor).
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       65

Page 66:
Did you know?
Celebrating sealing excellence: Thioplast® 
polysulfides turn 60
As one of the world's largest liquid polysulfide polymer 
producers, Nouryon celebrated 60 years of Thioplast ® 
polysulfides production in 2023. Launched in 1963 in Greiz, 
Germany, this product revolutionized industries such as 
construction, automotive, aerospace, marine, and energy, given 
its exceptional performance in extreme environments.
Thioplast® polysulfides have evolved from a single resin into an 
advanced solution offering a range of possibilities, including 
thiol-terminated Thioplast ® G polysulfides and epoxy-terminated 
Thioplast® EPS polysulfides. Thioplast ® polysulfides have been 
crucial in aerospace, enhancing aviation safety and reliability 
due to their unparalleled adhesion, flexibility, and durability. They 
withstand extreme subzero temperatures and exposure to jet fuel, 
making them ideal for critical applications like fuselage and fuel 
tank sealing. In the building and construction sector, polysulfide-
based sealants and adhesives have been revolutionary, with their 
gas-tight properties and UV resistance, contributing to improved 
energy efficiency and indoor climate control.
Triameen® Y12D enables efficient disinfection in the 
US cleaning market 
In early 2023, we expanded our antimicrobial portfolio with the US launch 
of Triameen® Y12D. This innovative and highly efficient antimicrobial active 
enable customers to create effective disinfectants for diverse applications, from 
household to institutional and industrial uses. 
Triameen® Y12D, which effectively combats a broad spectrum of bacteria, 
including mycobacteria, fungi, as well as select viruses, stands out for its 
sustainability profile and lower dosage requirement compared to quaternary 
ammonium products. It employs non-quaternary ammonium technology, is free 
of aldehydes and halogens, and is non-sensitizing. The product, as marketed, is 
a user-friendly, predominantly bio-based (with a 67% renewable carbon index) 
liquid concentrate that boasts high activity (92%) and is easily biodegradable. 
The performance of Triameen ® Y12D can be further enhanced with Nouryon’s 
green chelating agents, such as Dissolvine ® M-40 and GL-47-S products. The 
introduction of Triameen® Y12D in the US, following its availability in the Asia 
Pacific and Europe, underscores Nouryon's commitment to expanding our 
innovative antimicrobial portfolio globally.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       66

Page 67:
Berol® Nexxt surfactant and Dissolvine® GL Premium 
chelating agent offers sustainable product innovation
In 2023, Nouryon introduced two innovative products: Berol ® Nexxt, an 
advanced surfactant and multifunctional hydrotrope, and Dissolvine ® GL 
Premium, the industry's most potent GLDA-based chelating agent. 
Berol® Nexxt is a high-performance surfactant that offers a unique cosurfactant 
solution in the cleaning market, with particular effectiveness in tackling tough 
stains in cold water laundry cycles and automatic dishwashing. Derived from bio-
based, naturally occurring amino acid, it stands out for its sustainable properties. 
On the other hand, Dissolvine ® GL Premium is the most concentrated liquid 
GLDA-based chelating agent available, with high solubility over a wide pH range, 
making it particularly useful in concentrated liquid formulations.
This launch highlights Nouryon's commitment to providing high-performance, 
sustainable solutions for our customers and to ensuring that our products meet 
or exceed industry benchmarks.
Enhancing organic peroxides production in China to 
propel growth of polymer industry
We committed to a significant investment in our Ningbo, China facility in 2023 
that will double the production capacity of organic peroxide products Perkadox ® 
14 and Trigonox® 101 to 6,000 tons each by mid-2024. These vital products will 
cater to growing regional and global demand across various sectors, including 
hygiene products, non-woven healthcare textiles such as face masks, plastics 
recycling, and an array of rubber goods including rubber hoses, seals, cable 
insulation, athletic shoe soles, and yoga mats. Both Perkadox ® 14 and Trigonox® 
101 can enhance the properties of recycled polypropylene, allowing for its use 
in applications previously limited to virgin plastics. This aligns with Nouryon's 
strategy of maintaining a leading position in organic peroxides and supporting 
the growth of our customers. 
With a history in the development of organic peroxide solutions dating back 
to the early 1920s, Nouryon operates seven production sites in Greater China, 
with the Ningbo site being the largest. On a global scale, our organic peroxide 
production spans Asia, Europe, and the Americas, with sites in Ningbo and Tianjin 
in China, Asa in Japan, Mahad in India, Mons in Belgium, Pasadena in the US, Los 
Reyes in Mexico, and Itupeva in Brazil.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       67

Page 68:
Kromasil® 100Å diC4 Spherical Silica advances 
pharmaceutical purification
We launched the patent-pending Kromasil ® 100Å diC4 spherical silica in 2023. 
This high-efficiency chromatography media is used for the purification of 
peptide-based pharmaceuticals in the GLP-1 agonist class, including treatments 
for type 2 diabetes and obesity. 
The addition of Kromasil ® 100Å diC4 spherical silica to our product range 
provides pharmaceutical manufacturers with an efficient purification method for 
GLP-1 agonists such as liraglutide and semaglutide. This development enables 
our customers, both in China and worldwide to significantly enhance their 
purification processes while still maintaining the necessary purity levels.
Finnfix® BBR: a revolutionary and sustainable new 
alternative for recyclable food packaging 
In the wake of growing environmental concerns and consumer demand for 
more sustainable solutions, Finnfix ® BBR emerged as a groundbreaking and eco-
friendly alternative to synthetic and plastic barriers in food packaging in 2023.
Finnfix® BBR revolutionizes food packaging with its cellulose-based design. It 
forms a grease and moisture-resistant barrier on paper, enhancing protection 
for food. A thin layer of Finnfix® BBR turns regular paper food packaging into a 
recyclable, microplastic-free solution with a reduced environmental impact and 
minimal carbon footprint.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       68

Page 69:
Nouryon & E5 Incorporated: Partnering for sustainability in the built environment
Concrete is the most consumed material on the planet – second only to water – and 
the production of cement, a primary component of concrete, is responsible for over 
8% of the world’s carbon emissions.
Our customer, E5 Incorporated, a highly innovative concrete technology company, has 
leveraged Nouryon’s excellence in manufacturing to ensure the highest quality nano 
silica materials for its proprietary admixture formulations. E5® proprietary products and 
processes enable production of concrete that is not only higher performing but is also 
more environmentally friendly than traditional concrete.
E5® Internal Cure® is the world’s first admixture to provide for self-curing of concrete. 
Internal Cure® controls water within the concrete mix to ensure a proper cure, densifies 
the concrete, and allows for easier placement and finishing of the concrete – all of 
which results in a more durable concrete structure. This increased durability extends 
the service life of concrete, resulting in less cement required for replacement of 
deteriorating concrete structures.
E5® Liquid Fly Ash® (LFA) is a ground-breaking supplementary cementitious material 
(SCM), which, like Internal Cure, densifies the concrete, but also allows for reduction of 
up to 15% of cement in concrete mixes. This decrease in cement usage directly translates 
into a substantial reduction in CO2 emissions. Furthermore, the use of LFA® significantly 
reduces the need for transportation. In fact, one full truck load (FTL) of LFA equates to 28 
FTLs of traditional fly ash – meaning 27 trucks are taken off the road for each FTL of LFA 
used, thereby avoiding the associated emissions, and contributing to cleaner air.
One of the largest cement and ready-mix concrete producers in the world said it 
best – “The most sustainable concrete is the most durable concrete.” “Put simply, 
a more durable concrete means a longer lifespan, reducing the need for frequent 
replacements. This, in turn, means less resource consumption and waste generation, 
thus reducing the overall environmental impact of concrete consumption,” stated Joe 
Shetterley, CEO of E5 Inc. 
E5® products manufactured by Nouryon provide significant environmental benefits, 
including: (i) a properly cured, denser concrete matrix for substantial improvement 
in concrete durability and, therefore, longevity; (ii) reduction of cement and 
supplementary cementitious materials in concrete mixes; (iii) elimination of curing 
compounds, burlap, visqueen and scarce water resources required for wet cure and 
higher volume SCMs (and the trucks that haul these materials); and (iv) potentially, 
based on on-going research being conducted at Purdue University, active absorption 
of more greenhouse gases from the atmosphere (without negative carbonation 
impact on the structure) by concrete structures containing E5 ® as compared to 
structures without E5 ®.
Dr. Luna Lu, Associate Dean for the Faculty at Purdue University, Reilly Professor 
at the Lyles School of Civil Engineering, and Inaugural Director of the Center for 
Intelligent Infrastructure, who leads the research at Purdue University, elaborated on 
this point. “Our initial study indicated that concrete containing E5 ® nano silica has a 
potentially substantially greater sponge effect than concrete without E5 ® nano silica. 
We are currently undertaking an expanded study of this phenomena, which, if further 
validated, presents a significant opportunity for the concrete industry to contribute to 
world-wide carbon reduction efforts.”
In short, E5® products improve the sustainability and durability of concrete. The 
effectiveness of E5® products has been proven in the field in hundreds of Department 
of Transportation projects and millions of square feet of commercial structures and 
validated by multiple, highly reputable, independent laboratories.
 
E5 Inc. is actively developing Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs) for its products 
and is in the process of registering for carbon credits. Both initiatives will provide 
substantiated and verified data on the carbon impacts and benefits of its products and 
operations, providing transparency and accountability in its sustainability efforts. 
In Partnership with
With the help of superior quality Nouryon 
manufacturing, E5 ® has risen to the 
top as the industry leader in nano silica 
utilization in concrete, which is driving 
sustainability in the built environment and 
setting a benchmark for others to follow.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       69

Page 70:
ENGAGE AND PARTNER
with employees, customers, and suppliers to drive sustainable progress
Key Sustainable Development Goals:
7.  Engaging and Partnering with Employees, 
Suppliers and Society to Drive Progress
23% of mid-level 
managers and above are 
female56
36% gender and ethnic 
diversity represented on 
our Board of Directors54
66% of suppliers were 
assessed for CSR risk 
by EcoVadis55
Global Mentoring 
Program
Highlights Relevant Policies & Programs
• Code of Business Conduct & Ethics, 
including anti-discrimination and anti-
harassment 
• Anti-corruption, anti-bribery 
• Business Partner Code of Conduct, 
including suppliers 
• Quality, Health, Safety, Environment and 
Security Policy
• Palm Oil Statement 
• Sensitive Country Policy
•  Sustainable Sourcing Statement
Five Business Resource 
Groups (BRGs)57 
supporting our Diversity 
Commitment
54  Board Members who are female and/or of a US racial/ethnic 
minority.
55  In terms of all external spend (product, non-product, energy, 
logistics, etc.) The Risk IQ tool considers industry segment risk, 
country risk and EcoVadis scores from the complete EcoVadis 
database. Based on 2023 spend.
56  Mid-level managers are defined as the management paygrade 
below the first senior executive level. Source data, December 
2023.
57  Nouryon Women’s Network, Pride, Veterans, Boost, and 
Kaleidoscope.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       70

Page 71:
At Nouryon, we prioritize working in an environment that is 
safe and that mirrors the unique experiences, viewpoints, 
and potential of our entire workforce. We are steadfast 
in our commitment to equip our employees with the 
tools needed to hone leadership skills and propel their 
professional advancement by offering specialized learning 
opportunities while also ensuring that our employees 
embody our Company’s values.
We value the cultivation of a culture in which diverse 
thoughts and perspectives are expressed and 
acknowledged, as well as harnessed to enhance our 
business performance. This approach is instrumental in 
achieving strategic objectives such as driving innovation 
and attracting and retaining the best talent in the industry. 
We have established partnerships with premier learning 
institutions and universities worldwide, facilitating 
internships, talent acquisition, research collaborations, and 
continuous learning and development opportunities for our 
existing workforce. 
We engage and partner with our suppliers, ensuring that 
they evolve in sustainability in tandem with Nouryon and 
our customers.
Our commitment to our communities is reflected in our 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) framework. This 
pragmatic, volunteerism-based approach, supplemented by 
corporate donations and engagement, allows us to actively 
participate in community engagement initiatives.
Did you know?
Maharashtra State Best Employer Brand Award 2023  
for Nouryon India
Nouryon India was recognized with the Maharashtra State Best Employer Brand Award 2023, a prestigious 
recognition endorsed by the World HRD Congress, CHRO Asia, and the World Federation of Human 
Resources Professionals. The award acknowledges organizations in Maharashtra, India, that demonstrate 
exceptional Human Resources practices and effective use of marketing communications for HR 
development. The award assessment considered factors such as HR strategy alignment with business goals, 
future readiness, talent management, recruitment strategies, employee engagement, wellness initiatives, 
empowerment of women, and Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives undertaken by Nouryon India.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       71

Page 72:
informative. This has further refined our talent acquisition 
strategy, ensuring that we continue to attract leading talents 
in our industry.
We also remain committed to enhancing our talent pool 
and expertise through partnerships. In 2023, we continued 
partnering with several local universities and organizations 
for talent attraction and diversity. We are particularly proud 
of our associations with the Society of Women Engineers, 
National Society of Black Engineers, and Society of 
Hispanic Professional Engineers, which resulted in multiple 
new hires and career opportunities.
We offer various internship opportunities at many of our 
locations as part of our efforts to identify Changemakers 
and offer valuable experience and potential employment 
opportunities. This enables us to further enhance our 
Employer Brand and talent pipeline.
We believe a robust onboarding process is crucial for 
integrating new hires into our Company. New employees, 
particularly those early in their careers, or with less than 
seven years at Nouryon, are invited to join BOOST, a 
BRG that provides internal networking and learning 
opportunities. 
Employees are also able to participate in Nouryon’s Global 
Mentorship Program, which contributes to increased overall 
employee engagement and workplace belonging. More 
information about our Global Mentorship Program can be 
found later in this chapter. 
7.1  H uman Resources – Attracting, 
Developing, and Retaining Talent
Our global Human Resources (HR) function is consistently 
shaping an employee experience where transformational 
leadership and individual growth are our business enablers. 
We are relentlessly engaged in establishing priorities, setting 
the course for our future endeavors related to our culture, 
development of our talent, and recruiting new joiners, and 
making process improvements, all to support the overall 
business delivery.
Attracting New Talent
As part of our ongoing efforts, we are refining our talent 
acquisition framework to have a strategic approach to 
how we attract and retain top-tier talent. Our team is 
also continually improving our talent development and 
performance framework to ensure we create an employee 
experience in which current and future employees 
find purpose and growth. This is a crucial part of our 
commitment to advancing a high-performance culture 
within our organization. 
Our 2023 Performance
In 2023, Nouryon welcomed approximately 1,411 new hires 
worldwide, marking an increase of almost 4.5% compared 
to 2022. 
To reinforce our recruitment initiatives, we enhanced and 
internally communicated our employee referral program 
under the dynamic tagline, “Who do you KNOW, to help us 
GROW?”. This program, aimed at leveraging our employees' 
networks to build a diverse and dynamic team, is essential for 
realizing our growth objectives. We motivate our employees 
to become proactive “talent scouts”, seeking out highly 
competent and high-performing candidates, and reward 
successful referrals in alignment with Nouryon's Employee 
Referral Program policy. In 2023, this revitalized focus on the 
Employee Referral Program resulted in 42 new hires.
We launched a new Talent Acquisition strategy that enables 
Nouryon to differentiate by adopting a global approach to 
attracting and recruiting talent in the local markets where 
we operate. With the new strategy, we define and make a 
prioritization of current and future demands based on talent 
availability, strategic relevance, and demand from Nouryon 
in the various geographies in which we are present.
Our successful recruitment of diverse talent reflects our 
market appeal as an agile, forward-thinking, growth-
focused company with a high-performance culture rooted 
in shared values and strong leadership. To articulate our 
Employer Value Proposition to both prospective and current 
employees, we introduced our new global Employer Brand, 
Changemakers, which specifically appeals to individuals 
driven to make positive change in our industry, regardless 
of their role. Changemakers encapsulates our culture and 
employer offerings, provides a compelling platform for our 
employees, and supports us in attracting the best talent 
within the industry in a competitive market. Moreover, 
we have transformed our career pages on our website 
to express the Changemakers value proposition, making 
our recruitment-focused webpages more accessible and 
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       72

Page 73:
Our Employer Value Proposition, Compensation  
and Benefits 
GRI 2-7, GRI 2-8, GRI 2-30
Our employee offering is embodied by our new global 
Employer Brand, Changemakers. Nouryon's success is 
driven by Changemakers who take positive action to create 
essential solutions. A common passion for innovative, 
sustainable solutions, partnership, collaboration, and 
problem-solving thrives across our global production 
facilities, offices, and innovation centers. We are 
Changemakers. 
Our total rewards framework is globally aligned and 
versatile to support the diverse needs of our employees. 
Our programs are periodically reviewed to assess 
competitiveness in line with local and industry standards. 
We are committed to making decisions that are based 
on objective criteria, free of bias, and adhere to fair 
employment practices. Leadership reviews compensation 
programs and decisions to ensure our employees are fairly 
rewarded for performance-based contributions. Nouryon 
believes that by offering country defined programs, such 
as employee assistance, parental leave, preventative health 
check-ups, and paid leave for blood or bone marrow 
donations, we contribute to the health, well-being and 
financial stability of our employees and their families. This, 
in turn, enables us to be an employer of choice.
Central to our talent acquisition and retention strategy is 
the continuous evolution of our employees and leaders. 
We promote both immediate and long-term skills 
development, encouraging our employees to embody 
our values. We support and encourage employees to seek 
opportunities and to learn and grow, while also inviting 
them to take ownership of their individual career paths. 
Leadership Capabilities Framework
• Relentlessly pursues high standards and a culture of ownership and 
accountability.
• Continually enables results-focused change in order to outperform our 
competitors.
• Behaves ethically at all times.
• Grows with the customer while delivering innovative and sustainable solutions.
• Builds trusting partnerships with customers through consistent and agile 
execution and communication.
• Makes innovative and action-oriented recommendations based on data-driven 
analysis.
• Seeks high-impact solutions by encouraging an open and constructive 
enterprise mindset.
• Forms networks and partnerships beyond own team, department, or region to 
foster teamwork and innovation.
• Embraces and leverages cultural and social differences to drive success.
• Inspires the best in people and teams to fuel Nouryon’s success now and in 
the future. 
• Actively partners with employees to grow and make meaningful contributions 
to Nouryon.
Drives  
Performance
Serves  
Customers
Thinks 
Critically
Collaborates 
Proactively
Develops 
People
Headcount58 Gender     
Region Female % Male % Grand Total
Asia-Pacific 473 26% 1,376 74% 1,849
Europe 408 21% 1,548 79% 1,956
Nordics 569 32% 1,190 68% 1,759
North America 399 25% 1,203 75% 1,602
South America 217 21% 853 79% 1,070
Grand Total 2,066 25% 6,170 75% 8,236
Headcount58 Full-Part Time59,60     
Region Full Time % Part Time % Grand Total
Asia-Pacific 1,847 100% 2 0.1% 1,849
Europe 1,722 89% 234 11% 1,956
Nordics 1,721 98% 38 2% 1,759
North America 1,601 100% 1 0.1% 1,602
South America 1,070 100% 1,070
Grand Total 7,961 97% 275 3% 8,236
58 Data includes regular employees and expatriates.
59 Full/part-time is defined as: less than one full-time employee (FTE) is part time, otherwise full-time.
60 Temporary staff is defined as employees having a ‘Fixed Term Contract’ contract type.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       73

Page 74:
Our 2023 Performance 
Changemakers was introduced and brought to life through 
a campaign with testimonials from our global workforce. 
These spotlight their unique backgrounds, professional 
expertise, innovative mindset, and commitment to 
sustainability, painting a vivid picture of culture at Nouryon.
In October 2023, we commemorated Nouryon's five-
year anniversary by inviting our employees to participate 
in a #Changemakers quiz, to inspire additional unity and 
engagement. We also invited employees to share their 
personal stories about how they are #Changemakers 
in their roles, promoting individual pride and collective 
advocacy for our Employer Brand.
In 2023 we successfully completed a Global Living Wage 
analysis, within our 5 largest counties, representing 70% of 
our direct manufacturing population. This analysis utilized 
benchmarks from the Fair Wage Network and indicated that 
no employee is paid below living wage, as defined by the 
Fair Wage Network, within this segment.
Our sustained success hinges on our ability to attract and 
retain dynamic leaders who support and safeguard a culture 
of high performance, ownership, delivery, and process 
excellence to exceed customer expectations. In the past 
three years, we have brought 64 senior executives on board 
to complement our existing team and propel performance.
Moreover, we are introducing our Leadership Capabilities 
Framework, which is the foundation of Nouryon’s 
integrated system for building a strong pipeline of 
leadership talent. This framework focuses on enhancing 
five key leadership capabilities – driving performance, 
serving customers, thinking critically, collaborating 
proactively, and developing people – depicting the 
behaviors, knowledge, and attributes needed to be a 
leader at Nouryon. Integrating the Leadership Capabilities 
Framework into our business practices will provide clear, 
objective criteria that will support our ability to assess, 
select, and develop leaders for current and future roles. 
Leadership Capabilities Framework
• Relentlessly pursues high standards and a culture of ownership and 
accountability.
• Continually enables results-focused change in order to outperform our 
competitors.
• Behaves ethically at all times.
• Grows with the customer while delivering innovative and sustainable solutions.
• Builds trusting partnerships with customers through consistent and agile 
execution and communication.
• Makes innovative and action-oriented recommendations based on data-driven 
analysis.
• Seeks high-impact solutions by encouraging an open and constructive 
enterprise mindset.
• Forms networks and partnerships beyond own team, department, or region to 
foster teamwork and innovation.
• Embraces and leverages cultural and social differences to drive success.
• Inspires the best in people and teams to fuel Nouryon’s success now and in 
the future. 
• Actively partners with employees to grow and make meaningful contributions 
to Nouryon.
Drives  
Performance
Serves  
Customers
Thinks 
Critically
Collaborates 
Proactively
Develops 
People
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       74

Page 75:
Six Sigma certification for 160 candidates. In Finance, 
we provided open online courses on nine key topics. 
Our comprehensive onboarding program continues to 
emphasize safety and compliance. This includes mandatory 
safety and compliance training sessions conducted 
online and offline to ensure thorough understanding and 
adherence to our protocols.
We have also implemented a three-year rotational program 
for engineers in the Americas within our Integrated 
Supply Chain function, known as the Engineering and 
Developmental Program. This initiative identifies and 
cultivates promising early-career engineers, preparing 
them for various leadership roles in manufacturing across 
multiple sites and disciplines. In 2023, we had six full time 
rotational engineers in the Americas. In additional to the 
rotational program, we also offer internships and co-ops.
Performance Management
To maintain the momentum of our Company's growth and 
our employees' performance, we employ a Continuous 
Performance Management methodology. This approach 
involves setting dynamic objectives, conducting regular 
reviews, and providing ongoing feedback. It serves as a 
catalyst to keep our employees and leaders engaged and 
performing at their best. 
Our 2023 Performance
In 2023, 96% of our workforce participated in the full annual 
performance management cycle. 
For our Information Management staff, we continued 
to offer a training curriculum in 2023, focused on 
core information management competencies. These 
competencies encompass broader topics such as security 
and compliance, connecting people, ensuring delivery, 
driving productivity, data utilization and reporting, and 
catalyzing growth. 
In response to the increasing interest in Generative Artificial 
Intelligence (Gen AI), our Information Management 
function introduced an internal version of ChatGPT for all 
employees, supported by a training on the safe usage of 
generative AI tools. The link to Nouryon’s Gen AI platform 
was made available to employees once they completed the 
training and accepted the protocol.
We place a high emphasis on cybersecurity awareness 
and training. We believe that a well-informed workforce 
is the first line of defense against cyber threats. Therefore, 
we regularly conducted cybersecurity training sessions 
to equip our employees with the knowledge and skills to 
identify and respond to potential cyber risks, ensuring the 
security and integrity of our digital infrastructure.
We have a comprehensive sales development program, 
the initial phase of which begins with an understanding of 
the Company’s story and growth strategy. An introduction 
to our organizational objectives is achieved with a diverse 
array of learning modalities, including instructor-led, virtual, 
and e-learning modules. The curricula are geared toward 
instilling selling principles and fostering skill development 
among our sales teams, and in 2023, we had 47 instructor-
led classes with 522 employees participating and 1,093 staff 
members taking e-learning courses.
 
This year, we enhanced our Integrated Supply Chain 
learning programs, introducing multilingual courses, 
interactive classroom sessions, and online modules, 
including updates to Asset Integrity and Process Safety 
Management e-learnings. Notably, we launched our first 
online Advanced Statistics training and promoted Lean 
Learning, Leadership, and Development
GRI 2-7, GRI 2-8, GRI 2-29, GRI 2-30
Nouryon's performance and growth are sustained by our 
commitment to continuous learning and skill development 
for our employees and leaders. We provide a diverse 
array of learning opportunities, including leadership 
and employee development programs, practical work 
experiences, blended programs, online learning, (virtual) 
classroom training, and compulsory compliance and 
cybersecurity courses. Our global digital learning platform 
enables employees to easily access relevant training, 
enroll in scheduled courses, and avail 24/7 online training, 
providing the flexibility of learning in a way that best meets 
their preferences and schedules. 
Our 2023 Performance
A new cohort of managers were trained under our 
Senior Leadership Program (SLP). This program will give 
the participants an opportunity to grow and prepare for 
more senior leadership roles in the future as the program 
is designed to embed the unique skills and attributes 
required for a senior leader to be successful at Nouryon. 
In addition, 57 participants completed our 18-week digital, 
global leadership program, LEAP (Lead, Engage, Accelerate, 
Perform). The program focuses on leadership skills including 
coaching on personal bias awareness and cultivating a 
culture of high-performance. All program topics are tied to 
Nouryon's values, strategy, and focus areas, enabling leaders 
to apply their learnings in their daily work.
We also continued with our leadership development 
training, JUMP, initiated in 2021 for potential leaders who are 
not currently in managerial roles. In 2023, 46 participants 
enhanced their self-awareness and improved their coaching 
and networking skills. Our STEPS training, aimed at leaders 
with direct reports, was also repeated in 2023, with 194 
participants. This training provides essential knowledge of 
people, processes and systems.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       75

Page 76:
Our Business Resource Groups (BRGs)
Nouryon's BRGs are led by our employees and offer a 
platform for them to connect with peers, gain insights into 
Nouryon's businesses and functions, and benefit from the 
knowledge of both internal and external speakers. With 
the introduction of Kaleidoscope, Nouryon now boasts 
five Company-wide BRGs, all led by our employees. These 
include the Nouryon Women's Network, Nouryon Veterans 
Network, Nouryon Pride Network (LGBTQ+), Global 
BOOST (focusing on career development and those new 
to Nouryon), and Nouryon Kaleidoscope (BIPOC - Black, 
indigenous and people of color community). Together, these 
five BRGs have more than 1,500 members, and are open to 
all employees, reflecting our commitment to inclusivity.
Our 2023 Performance
Our BRGs organized 40 employee events, both virtual and 
live, across geographies. These events aimed to strengthen 
connections among employees while supporting their 
professional development and growth. For instance, in 
March, the Nouryon Women's Network spearheaded the 
Company's celebration of International Women's Day, 
orchestrating events across 10 locations in 5 countries. 
Further, in June, Nouryon Pride took a leading role in the 
Company's recognition of Pride Month, leveraging digital 
content as a medium to raise awareness. In the spirit of 
Pride Month, we organized the Great Nouryon Baking 
Celebration wherein employees were invited to bake and 
share a delectable treat ahead of their regional event in 
June, offering an enjoyable platform for displaying their 
culinary skills while celebrating Nouryon Pride.
The Nouryon Veterans Network is dedicated to furthering 
a sense of community among service members, veterans, 
and their families while enlightening our employees about 
the value of military experience and its alignment with 
our Company values. In 2023, the network expanded 
its presence to our 17 US locations and appointed 12 
Veteran Network Advocates to guide its members at a 
grassroots level. On US Veterans Day 2023, the network 
commemorated its 125 members with Challenge Coins 
engraved with Nouryon’s values and an appreciation 
message. The Nouryon Veterans Network newsletter 
published editions on military service in Norway and Finland 
to further educate employees about the relationship of 
military service to Nouryon’s values in other cultures. 
Nouryon also sponsors and provides mentors for American 
Corporate Partners (ACP), with approximately 40 Nouryon 
leaders serving as mentors for post-9/11 veterans and their 
spouses. In 2023, Nouryon leaders Kristopher VanKleek and 
John Callaway and their ACP proteges jointly presented 
at ACP's online forum, “From Service to Success”, sharing 
insights on navigating career progression in the civilian 
world post-military service. Since Nouryon's affiliation with 
ACP in 2020, our mentors have provided invaluable advice, 
support, and encouragement to 84 ACP proteges with 
100% recommendation in post-mentorship surveys, from 
both mentors and proteges.
Global Mentorship Program
Our Global Mentorship Program, accessible to all 
employees, is designed to broaden employee networks, 
introduce fresh perspectives and experiences, develop new 
skills including critical thinking techniques, and foster new 
professional relationships. This, in turn, enhances employee 
engagement and a sense of belonging. 
Our 2023 Performance
Our global mentorship program included 75 paired 
participants, with 60 new pairings compared to 2022. Some 
mentors also had more than one mentee. The program 
introduced a learning series that focused on goal setting, 
development, and cross-cultural collaboration. Read more 
about our Internship and Mentoring Programs on page 77.
7.2 Diversity Commitment
At Nouryon, we are committed to creating a workplace 
that taps into the full potential of our global team, 
fostering collaboration and innovation, and enhancing 
our understanding of our customers' unique needs. Our 
culture is ingrained in our workforce and is anchored in 
our values and Code of Business Conduct & Ethics. These 
guiding principles encourage us to 'Aim high' and 'Do it 
right', inspiring us to continuously strive for a workplace 
where every individual feels valued, heard, and encouraged 
to contribute their ideas and challenge the status quo. This 
ongoing commitment ensures that our employees uphold 
the principles of equality, treating all colleagues with 
respect and dignity, irrespective of age, race, nationality, 
gender identity, or sexual orientation. Our commitment 
extends beyond our workforce, reflected in our 
relationships with customers, suppliers, and communities. 
We believe that by fostering a culture of belonging and 
embracing diversity of perspective, we can drive business 
growth by unlocking the full potential of our teams and 
contribute to a more sustainable world.
Nouryon's Commitment to Workplace Diversity
Diversity
Commitment
Attracting and
Developing
 Talent
Community and
Employee
 Engagement
Business
Resource Groups
and Initiatives
Strategyand
Governance
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       76

Page 77:
Cultivating changemakers with internship and mentoring programs
We’re looking for tomorrow’s Changemakers, today. To identify future Changemakers, Nouryon offers an 
Internship Program at many of our locations. This initiative provides interns with valuable real-world experience, 
leadership skills, and the chance to present their findings to Company leaders. Successful interns may be 
evaluated for future employment based on their performance. This program supports interns while also 
enhancing Nouryon's employer branding and strengthening our talent pipeline.
Additionally, Nouryon's 2023 Global Mentorship Program provided a platform for employees to engage in 
reciprocal learning by either becoming a mentor or a mentee, thereby fostering professional growth and 
development. This program includes learning segments and virtual seminars that facilitate knowledge exchange 
and skill enhancement. Mentors and mentees schedule regular meetings, promoting continuous learning 
and development. The program also encourages cross-functional interaction, broadening the participants' 
perspective of the organization. This mentorship initiative is a testament to Nouryon's commitment to nurturing 
talent and cultivating a culture of continuous learning and improvement. 
Nouryon's Diversity Progress
GRI 405 3-3, GRI 405-1
Nouryon values the contribution of employees with diverse 
backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives, recognizing 
their vital role in understanding, anticipating, and fulfilling 
the needs of our global customer base, today and in the 
future. With 36% representation of gender and racial/
ethnic diversity on our Board of Directors61 and 23% female 
representation among mid-level managers and above62, we 
are steadily making progress. 
Our 2023 Performance
We continued offering multiple courses in leadership, 
including inclusive leadership training, to our leadership 
teams and budding leaders through our Senior Leadership 
Development Program. 
We gained a deeper understanding of the existing diversity 
within our organization by analysing data. In addition, 
we continued our support to several initiatives aimed at 
promoting diversity in science, technology, engineering, 
and mathematics (STEM) fields, such as:
• Encouraging the growth of the Nouryon Women’s 
Network, which is dedicated to connecting and 
empowering women in chemistry through networking 
and professional development opportunities.
• Celebrating International Women’s Day and International 
Day of Women and Girls in Science.
• Collaborating with the Society of Women Engineers, 
National Society of Black Engineers and the Society 
of Hispanic Professional Engineers to offer career 
opportunities to female engineering students and 
professionals.
61  Board Members who are female and/or of a US racial/ethnic minority.
62  Mid-level managers are defined as the management paygrade below the first senior-
executive level. Source data December 2023.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       77

Page 78:
7.3  Sustainable Sourcing
We encourage our suppliers to join us in our journey 
towards a sustainable future, ensuring that they evolve in 
sustainability in tandem with Nouryon and our customers. 
Every business partner, including our suppliers and 
customers, is required to comply with our Business 
Partner Code of Conduct. This outlines our expectations 
in terms of compliance, safety, ethics, human rights, fraud 
prevention, and sustainability support. 
In 2023, we expanded the proportion of spend assessed 
for sustainability by EcoVadis to 66%, up from 60% in 
the preceding year. Additionally, in 2023, we became a 
member of Together for Sustainability (TfS), which has 
enabled us to strengthen our supplier audit capabilities and 
gain access to industry best practices, which we believe will 
benefit our customers and business partners by enhancing 
sustainability in our supply chain. TfS, founded in 2011, 
unites more than 50 member companies committed to 
elevating sustainability standards in the chemical industry. 
TfS supports the principles of the UN Global Compact 
and Responsible Care ® and partners with several industry 
councils. Membership provides access to TfS Assessments 
and Audits, enabling companies to evaluate and enhance 
sustainability performance. These tools measure supplier 
performance in environmental, labor, and human rights, 
ethical, and sustainable procurement areas, bringing about 
change beyond the chemical industry. The TfS Scope 3 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions program assists members 
in reducing their emissions, offering tools to calculate and 
share high-quality product carbon footprints of chemical 
materials. 
Driving Sustainability with Our Suppliers
We employ EcoVadis and EcoVadis Risk IQ to evaluate 
and monitor the sustainability performance and risk 
of our suppliers across multiple categories, including 
environment, labor and human rights, ethics, and 
sustainable procurement. EcoVadis scores are based on 
the Company’s policies, actions, and results. If a supplier 
fails to meet specific performance criteria, we implement 
a corrective action process with such non-compliant 
suppliers to stimulate improvement or explore alternative 
sourcing when necessary. In 2023, 91 suppliers were 
engaged by global procurement to either participate in 
an EcoVadis assessment or implement a corrective action 
plan resulting in positive conversations and engagement to 
promote supplier’s sustainability journeys. 
As outlined in our Sustainable Procurement Policy, suppliers 
that remain non-compliant and do not improve beyond 
our defined threshold are identified for phasing out. This 
approach gives us an opportunity to engage our suppliers 
on sustainability matters and promote improvement. 
Commissioning chlorine 
dioxide plant for Arauco in 
Chile, boosting pulp production 
capacity 
Nouryon successfully commissioned a chlorine 
dioxide plant at the Arauco pulp mill in Chile in 
2023. This milestone project, known as the MAPA 
project and the largest of its kind in the Biobío 
region, represents a $2.35 billion investment 
by Arauco and has significantly expanded the 
mill's capacity by an additional 1.56 million tons 
of eucalyptus pulp per year. This will bolster 
Arauco's manufacturing capabilities and position 
to better meet the growing global demand in the 
paper and pulp market.
Nouryon led the design, commissioning, and 
start-up services of the onsite chlorine dioxide 
plant, providing Arauco with the supply of 
essential raw materials for their pulp production. 
This strategic supply not only optimizes Arauco's 
systems and cost controls but also increases 
their production reliability.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       78

Page 79:
Our 2023 Performance
We continued to educate Nouryon category managers 
about sustainable sourcing and supplier requirements, 
including our sustainability approach and goals, with plans 
for new training opportunities. The goals and metrics 
supporting our EcoVadis sustainability assessment and 
rating are integrated into the individual performance 
objectives of our Procurement team.
We assessed 90% of our suppliers for CSR risk using the 
EcoVadis Risk IQ tool (% of external spend), and 66% of 
suppliers were evaluated on their CSR performance by an 
EcoVadis score (% of external spend). This practice enables 
us to promote sustainability within our supply chain and 
serve our customers with credibility and confidence.
Through this supplier assessment, we are also able to 
reward compliance with our sustainability standards, 
taking their EcoVadis raw materials score in addition to 
exceptional partnership in sustainability, reliability, and 
strategic partnership into consideration. Our 2023 Supplier 
of the Year Award recognized LyondellBasell, Altivia, Sabic, 
Borregaard, Brenntag, Geodis and Independent Container 
Line (ICL) for outstanding collaboration. For more 
information, see page 80 . 
We continued to explore market availability of lower-carbon 
alternative raw materials prioritizing materials that contribute 
the highest emissions in our production processes. By 
prioritizing our top emission contributing raw materials, we 
are able to make the largest positive impact as we look at 
reducing the product carbon footprint of our customers 
and lowering our upstream Scope 3 GHG emissions. We will 
continue this practice as we progress our Carbon Business 
Strategy and explore how these initiatives can contribute to 
improvements in our Scope 3 carbon footprint.
Share of total raw materials
  Organic: renewable, bio-based
  Organic: fossil-fuel derived (petrochemicals)
  Inorganic (e.g. salt, minerals, clay)
20% of organic 
raw materials are 
from renewable 
sources
6%
24%
70%
63  Ethanol (crop depends on region, but ~70% of world production is derived from 
sugar cane, sugar beets, and molasses); monosodium glutamate; alanine (from 
sugar beets, sugar cane, tapioca, molasses, and corn); sugars (glucose and others, 
from corn, rice, wheat, cassava, corn husk, and sago); acids (dimer, gluconic, citric, 
sebacic, tartaric, etc., from various sources)
64  Other fatty acids (e.g. in surfactants, from coconut, cotton seed, soybean, sunflower, 
dehydrated castor, linseed, tung, palm, tall oil (TOFA), and other sources); glycerin 
(mainly a by-product from bio-diesel; biodiesel can be made from a variety of 
vegetable oils and animal fats, including soybean, rapeseed, palm, jatropha, 
sunflower, algae, used cooking oil, tallow, etc.); fatty alcohols (from plant sources 
such as palm and coconut trees)
65   Stearic acid is predominately produced from tallow; however, it can originate from 
other fats and oils. 
66  Cellulose, tall oil, gum rosin, etc.
Bio-based raw materials purchased by Nouryon
   Castor (oil): 0.4%
   Coconut (fatty acid): 1.7%
   Coconut or palm kernel (capric and lauric acid): 0.9%
   Fermentation based (ethanol, sugars, monosodium 
glutamante, alanine)63: 2.5%
   Not defined (vegatable fats and oils) 64: 0.8%
   Palm oil: 0.1%
   Rapeseed (erucic and fatty acid): 0.4%
   Soyabean (oil): 0.3%
   Tallow (fatty & stearic acid)65: 5.5%
   Wood derivatives66: 7.1%
Genetically Modified Organisms
Nouryon does not manufacture genetically modified 
organisms (GMOs). We neither sell products that utilize 
GMOs to deliver any specific functionality, nor employ GMOs 
in manufacturing processes to impart variability. Certain raw 
materials that we use, such as soybean oil and cotton linter 
cellulose, are derived from crops that are produced from 
GMOs prior to our usage. 
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       79

Page 80:
Partnering to Offset CO2 with 
Reforestation
Through our collaboration with Tree-Nation, 
a non-profit entity enabling individuals and 
corporations to plant trees globally and 
neutralize CO2 emissions, we have successfully 
planted 7,462 trees. This initiative led to the 
reforestation of six hectares and the capture of a 
total of 2,298 tonnes of CO2.
Supporting Responsible Palm Oil
Palm oil is a key bio-based feedstock in our 
operations. We support the industry benchmark 
for sustainable palm oil, represented by the 
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) , 
and have secured RSPO Mass Balance (MB) 
certification at five of our facilities. We use 
processed palm oil products, which means that 
we do not have any direct interaction with palm 
mills or plantations. However, through continued 
engagement with our suppliers, we strive to 
source from suppliers that do not contribute 
to further deforestation or violate the rights of 
workers and local communities. We believe 
that palm oil can be cultivated in a responsible 
way, and we remain committed to options that 
are not associated with environmental or social 
issues within the supply chain. 
The EU Deforestation Regulation, [regulation 
(EU) 2023/1115], reporting requirements begin 
in December 2024. Nouryon is preparing 
all required due diligence surrounding any 
imported product as declared on Annex I [of 
regulation (EU) 2023/1115] to ensure we are 
compliant to all regional and global legislations.
Our 2023 Supplier of the Year 
Awards
We recognized seven of our top global supply 
chain partners through Nouryon’s annual 2023 
Supplier of the Year Awards event held in Miami, 
FL, US. The suppliers were selected and assessed 
based on business criticality, growth, reliability, 
and sustainability performance as well as actions 
taken to improve our competitiveness in 2023. 
The winners were:
• Altivia
• Borregaard
• Brenntag North America, Inc.
• Geodis
• Independent Container Line (ICL)
• LyondellBasell Industries
• Sabic
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       80

Page 81:
7.4  Policy Engagement and 
Memberships
We engage with legislative and regulatory authorities, 
industry and trade associations, and non-governmental 
organizations in our key markets. We also contribute to 
policy dialogue on sustainability within our sector through 
trade associations, focusing on areas such as climate 
mitigation and adaptation, energy, carbon reduction, water 
management, waste management, product and process 
safety, and circular chemistry. 
Managing Engagement on Policy 
We manage our direct and indirect interactions with policy 
makers and associated organizations. The scope and 
business impact of specific policy issues are evaluated 
during our annual business review meetings and our 
Enterprise Risk Management assessment process. This 
ensures that any public-policy-influencing activities 
align with our business strategy. If inconsistencies arise, 
they are promptly flagged for action by the Government 
Affairs team, which then communicates with the relevant 
businesses and functions within Nouryon.
In accordance with the Nouryon Code of Business 
Conduct & Ethics and our Company policies, Nouryon 
does not provide any financial contributions or 
endorsements to political parties or politicians. Nouryon 
does not operate a political action committee (PAC) in 
the US, nor does the Company contribute to the PACs of 
industry and trade associations to which we belong.
We engage with governments, regulators, and legislators 
on the development of proposed policies relevant to 
our business. These policies can pertain to a wide range 
of areas, from tax and employment issues to safety and 
chemicals management policy. We aim to support policies 
that are adequate, clear, stable, predictable, comprehensive, 
economically efficient, and well designed to achieve 
societal goals at the lowest cost. Moreover, we seek to 
support policies that align with and bolster our positions, 
including our sustainability aspirations.
In the US, we are a member of the American Chemistry 
Council (ACC), and we have voluntarily contributed to the 
development of ACC sustainability metrics. 
In Europe, as a member of the European Federation 
of the Chemical Industry (CEFIC), we have proactively 
engaged within industry and trade associations to adopt 
a constructive and proactive approach to the EU Green 
Deal and the EU Chemicals Strategy for Sustainability. We 
not only concentrate on the risks and challenges these 
new proposals pose for our industry, but also focus on 
opportunities via new business models and innovation and 
have been a proponent of a value-chain approach.
In China, we are actively involved in the advocacy efforts 
of industry and trade associations related to the ongoing 
development of Chinese legislation on chemicals 
management and a cap-and-trade system for carbon 
emissions. For example, we are a member of the China 
Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation (CPCIF). We 
have actively engaged through CPCIF on the advocacy of 
Chinese legislation and regulatory developments related 
to chemicals’ management, particularly environment 
protection and safety. Most recently, we collaborated with 
CPCIF, to include China Organic Peroxide Safety Group, an 
independent group of organic peroxide producers in China 
to better promote safety excellence and best practice of 
sustainability. In parallel, one of our regional leaders has 
been a Board Director of the Association of International 
Chemical Manufacturers (AICM) since 2023, and a Sponsor 
Director of the Responsible Care Committee of AICM.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       81

Page 82:
Our memberships 
GRI 2-28
Americas 
American Chemistry Council (ACC); American Cleaning 
Institute (ACI); Council of Producers & Distributors of 
Agrotechnology (CPDA); American Coatings Association 
(ACA); Texas Chemistry Council (TCC); Association of Water 
Treaters (AWT); American Composites Manufacturing 
Organization (ACMA); Chemistry Industry Association 
of Canada (CIAC); Brazilian Association of the Chemical 
Industry (ABIQUIM).
Asia 
China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation (CPCIF); 
Association for International Chemical Manufacturers in 
China (AICM); EU Chamber of Commerce in China (EUCCC); 
American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai (AmCham 
Shanghai); China Cleaning Industry Association; Ningbo 
Petrochemical and Chemical Industry Association; Taizhou 
Energy Saving Technology Development Association; 
Suzhou Society of Environmental Science; Suzhou Chemical 
Industry Association; Singapore International Chamber of 
Commerce (SICC).
Europe 
European Federation of the Chemical Industry (CEFIC); 
European Committee of Organic Surfactants and their 
Intermediates (CESIO); European Biocidal Products Forum 
(EBPF); Association for the German Chemical Industry 
(VCI); Association of the Dutch Chemical Industry (VNCI); 
Confederation of Netherlands Industry and Employers 
(VNO-NCW); Dutch Association for Energy, Environment 
and Water (VEMW); Samenwerkende Bedrijven Eemsmond 
(SBE – 'Cooperation of businesses in the Eemsmond area'); 
Association for Innovation and Chemical Industries in 
Sweden (IKEM), Chemical Industry Federation of Finland.
Nouryon executives holding board-level positions with trade 
associations include:
• Larry Ryan, our President, serves as a board member of 
the ACC.
• Johan Landfors, our Executive Vice President Strategy & 
Asset Planning and President of Europe, serves as a board 
member of the executive committee of CEFIC, and a 
board member of IKEM.
• Egbert Henstra, our Senior Vice President, Transformation 
and Strategy Performance Formulations, serves as a board 
member of the Association of VNCI.
• Suzanne Carroll, our Senior Vice President, Home and 
Personal Care serves as a board member of the American 
Cleaning Institute (ACI).
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       82

Page 83:
7.5  Engaging Our Communities and 
Employees
At Nouryon, our CSR framework is firmly rooted in 
volunteerism, active participation, and corporate donations, 
aimed at fostering positive change within the communities 
we serve. As a global organization, we place a high value on 
interacting with diverse groups and establishing alliances 
with like-minded organizations that uphold our principles.
Our 2023 Performance
The celebration of Safety Day included the launch of 
Nouryon Cares, an embodiment of many of the aspects 
previously mentioned. Nouryon Cares is a fresh approach 
that highlights how we exhibit care for ourselves, our 
colleagues, and our communities. The community 
initiatives under Nouryon Cares are centered around 
STEM education (science, technology, engineering, and 
mathematics), sustainability and environmental stewardship, 
safety and health, and cultivation of an innovative culture of 
responsible citizenship and global business collaborations. 
When it comes to caring for our communities, we have 
witnessed an exceptional display of volunteerism and 
philanthropy from our global locations. For additional 
details, see page 84 .
Expanding our community partnership with Philadelphia Eagles 
In 2023, Nouryon expanded our community partnership with the Philadelphia Eagles in the US. This 
collaboration includes volunteerism, employee and community engagement, and philanthropy through the 
Eagles Autism Foundation, Eagles Autism Challenge, and Nouryon All-Pro Teachers program. The 9/11 Meal 
Pack Day was added in 2023. We also sponsor Eagles home games at Lincoln Financial Field.
Nouryon supports several Eagles-led initiatives. The Nouryon All-Pro Teachers program recognizes 
outstanding school teachers in Greater Philadelphia region. Each of the 10 teachers are recognized at 
an Eagles home game, and celebrated with a formal induction ceremony where one honoree is named 
Nouryon All-Pro Teacher of the Year.
Nouryon also partnered with the Eagles Autism Foundation and Popcorn for the People to provide job 
opportunities in the Philadelphia area to members of the neurodiverse community. A concession stand was 
activated in 2023, where Nouryon employee volunteers sold popcorn to Eagles fans during football games. 
This partnership also contributed to opening a new popcorn manufacturing location in Philadelphia that 
employs members of the local neurodiverse community.
In 2023, Radnor office employees participated in the Eagles Autism Challenge, raising more than $18,000 
for the Eagles Autism Foundation. Nouryon employees also joined the Philadelphia Eagles and the 9/11 
Day organization for a meal pack event at Lincoln Financial Field, packing meals for a local food bank, 
Philabundance, during Hunger Action Month.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       83

Page 84:
Other examples of 2023 CSR engagement activities at our 
locations around the world included:
Supporting STEM education:
• Enhancing a rural college's science lab infrastructure, 
India: Our Mahad site donated vital laboratory 
equipment to a local college serving underprivileged 
rural communities, strengthening infrastructure, and 
enriching students' scientific learning experiences.
• Inspirational chemistry project in local schools, Sweden: 
Nouryon sponsors Molekylverkstan Science Center in 
Stenungsund, promoting science education among 
children and youth. We also provided lab coats to high 
school students involved in KemInspiration, a program 
where they visit local primary schools to teach younger 
students about the exciting world of chemistry.
• Fill The Bus Program, US: Battleground site employees 
contributed to the La Porte School District's Fill The Bus 
school supply drive, a collective initiative by the Local 
Emergency Planning Commission, where donated 
supplies were packed into backpacks and distributed to 
students. The Pasadena site continues to support the Fill 
the Bus program since its inception in 2018.
• School supply drives, US: Morris, IL site employees 
donated more than $1,000 worth of school supplies to 
support families in the Minooka School District. Almeda 
(Houston) site employees provided school supplies for 
the students of Almeda Elementary. 
• Kids In Need Foundation: Four office locations in the 
US – Radnor, Chicago, Houston, and Bridgewater – 
volunteered to pack backpacks with essential school 
supplies. Since 2021, Nouryon has partnered with 
the Kids in Need Foundation, an organization that 
collaborates with teachers and students in under-
resourced schools to offer the necessary support for 
effective teaching and learning.
Community service initiatives:
• Open-to-Public (OTP) programs, China : In a series of 
OTP programs from July to September 2023, Nouryon 
focused on community care activities across its China 
manufacturing sites. Notably, Ningbo site employees 
visited a local elderly welfare home and those from the 
Guangzhou site led a park cleanup initiative. Read more 
on page 85.
• Vatsalya Trust Balikashram, India: We extend our support 
to this orphanage that provides shelter, nutrition, 
medical assistance, education, and developmental aid to 
approximately 50 underprivileged girls ages 6 to 18 years. 
Beyond financial contributions, Nouryon employees 
frequently volunteer their time to interact and engage 
with these children.
• Holiday support to the needy, US: Employees and 
contractors from the Battleground site, Fort Worth 
site, and employees from our Chicago office in the 
US generously supported local toy donation drives 
by contributing a range of toys, games, and bikes, 
bringing holiday cheer to the underprivileged children. 
Additionally, the Morris site team raised $4,350 in their 
annual fundraiser, providing holiday support to local 
families facing hardships.
• Cooking meals for families in need, Sweden: Our 
Gothenburg team cooked meals for families at the 
Ronald McDonald House, using ingredients donated by 
Nordic Business Center employees, offering support 
to these families with seriously ill children undergoing 
treatment at the nearby hospital.
• Supporting local sailing school for children and teenagers 
with functional disabilities, Sweden: Berget site employees 
assisted the Stenungsund Sailing Society's "Access Sailing" 
program, helping coach and ensure safety for children 
and teenagers with functional disabilities.
• Easter Solidarity Campaign, Brazil: Employees from 
Jundiaí and Itupeva sites collected over 400 boxes of 
chocolate candies for needy children. The donations, 
supported by the NGO Abraçando as Ruas, were 
distributed in impoverished communities, including 
Meias Aço.
Supporting Vatsalya Trust 
Balikashram orphanage in 
Mumbai, India
Aligned with our commitment to engage and 
collaborate with our communities, Nouryon 
India supports Vatsalya Trust Balikashram, an 
orphanage for underprivileged girls. Established 
in 2000, the Balikashram provides shelter, 
education, and developmental support to about 
50 girls aged 6-18, aiming to foster self-reliance 
through higher education and vocational 
training. Nouryon employees also volunteer, 
interacting with the children and participating in 
various activities.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       84

Page 85:
Sanitation drives:
• Litter collection drive, US: Chicago office employees 
participated in a beach cleanup event under the Alliance 
for the Great Lakes Adopt-a-Beach program, collecting 
56 pounds of litter to help protect the environment.
• Household hazardous waste collection day, US: Our 
employees volunteered at LaPorte's annual household 
hazardous waste collection day and helped collect and 
recycle various waste items from 250 cars, contributing 
to environmental sustainability.
Health and safety initiatives:
• Volunteering at Chattanooga and Houston Food Bank, 
US: Our US employees regularly volunteer to sort and 
repackage food items during collection drives for 
community distribution. Thousands of pounds of food 
have been repackaged for food banks in the Houston 
and Chattanooga area. 
• Collection drive for the local food bank, Netherlands: 
With enthusiastic support from management and 
staff, Rotterdam employees initiated a food/non-food 
collection drive for the local food bank benefiting those 
in need in the community.
• Volunteering at the annual Safety Fair Day, US: 
Employees from the Battleground and Pasadena sites 
volunteered at the annual Safety Fair Day, an event 
organized by the La Porte Local Emergency Planning 
Commission. 
• Blood donation drives, US: Our employees have donated 
blood, and their support has been vital in helping the 
Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center save numerous lives. 
Especially during the summer months, when the need 
for blood donations escalates, Nouryon employees have 
consistently stepped up, demonstrating their dedication 
to this commendable cause. 
• Earthquake relief fund, Turkey and Syria: Nouryon 
donated to the International Committee of the Red 
Cross and Global Giving Earthquake Relief Fund in 
response to the earthquakes in Turkey and Syria. We also 
encouraged our employees to contribute to these relief 
efforts directly.
• Community partnership with the Philadelphia Eagles: 
Since 2021, Nouryon has collaborated with the famed 
National Football League team on several initiatives, 
including the Eagles Autism Foundation, the Eagles 
Autism Challenge, and the Nouryon All-Pro Teachers 
program. In 2023, we also participated with the Eagles 
on the 9/11 Meal Pack Day helping to package millions 
of nutritious meals for Americans at risk of hunger. Read 
more on page 83.
Nouryon continues to foster a strong relationship with 
local communities where we operate, emphasizing 
the importance of education, promotion of science, 
environmental protection, healthcare, and sanitation. We 
also encourage volunteerism among our employees, 
contributing to societal need, thus reflecting our 
commitment to holistic community development and 
ecological sustainability.
Open-to-Public (OTP) 
programs across China sites
From July to September 2023, Nouryon, in 
collaboration with the International Association 
of Chemical Manufacturers (AICM), hosted a 
series of Open-to-Public (OTP) programs across 
our manufacturing sites in China. The programs, 
themed “Chemistry Enables Sustainable Future”, 
engaged over 300 participants in activities 
like family days, community care, and safety 
programs. Highlights included Employee 
Family Day at Tianjin, Taixing, and Boxing sites, 
community outreach at Ningbo, and a park 
cleanup at Guangzhou. Nouryon’s decade-long 
participation in AICM’s OTP program culminated 
in the Best OTP Practice Award in 2023, with this 
year also marking Nouryon’s fifth anniversary 
with the program.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       85

Page 86:
Closing Word from Our 
Chief Sustainability and 
Communications Officer
Thank you for reading about Nouryon’s ongoing 
sustainability commitment and the impactful initiatives 
within our Company, and around the world, supporting our 
progress last year.
This progress would not be possible without our partners, 
including our appreciated customers, our suppliers, our 
communities, and certainly not our valued employees. The 
collective progress we have achieved in 2023 reflects our 
dedication to making a positive impact.
Each year, we take pride in presenting the tangible data and 
case studies that underpin our focus areas and progress. 
We invite you to explore the fact sheets and tables in the 
following pages, which offer quantitative insights and serve 
as a testament to our continued effort to contribute to a 
sustainable future.
For a more in-depth understanding of Nouryon, we 
encourage you to visit Nouryon.com . There, you will 
discover extensive information detailing our commitment 
to a sustainable future, as well as more about our product 
offerings and the markets we serve.
Once again, we express our gratitude for your interest 
in Nouryon. Whether you engaged with our 2023 
Sustainability Report as a customer, supplier, employee, 
candidate, business partner, or community stakeholder, we 
take pride in being your partner in essential solutions for a 
sustainable future.
Thank you and best regards,
Vivi Hollertt
Vice President, Chief Sustainability and  
Communications Officer
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       86

Page 87:
Fact Sheet
67,68
Environment (1/3)
Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Progress toward target 69
Company carbon footprint
Total absolute direct and indirect emissions market-based (Scopes 1 and 2) Thousand tonnes CO2e 1,506 1,488 1,467 1,498 1,294 -14%
Carbon intensity (Scopes 1 and 2 combined) Kg CO2e/Tonne of production 408 416 395 411 384 n/a
Direct absolute GHG emissions (Scope 1)70,71 Thousand tonnes CO2e 588 604 620 636 563 n/a
Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) intensity Kg CO2e/Tonne of production 159 169 167 174 167 n/a
Indirect GHG emissions market-based (Scope 2)72,73 Thousand tonnes CO2e 918 884 847 862 731 n/a
Indirect GHG emissions market-based (Scope 2) intensity Kg CO2e/Tonne of production 249 247 228 236 217 n/a
Indirect GHG emissions location-based (Scope 2) Thousand tonnes CO2e 1,276 1,196 1,199 1,254 1,241 n/a
Calculated Scope 3 total absolute GHG emissions Thousand tonnes CO2e 4,427 4,097 n/a
Total absolute GHG emissions (Scope 1, Scope 2 market-based, and Scope 3) Thousand tonnes CO2e 5,926 5,391 n/a
Direct emissions, covered by emissions-limiting regulations % of direct emissions 22% 25% 25% 27% 24% n/a
Energy Management
Total energy consumption74 Mln GJ 30.4 30.7 32.7 33.4 31.5 n/a
Total energy consumption intensity74 Gj/Tonne of production 8.24 8.59 8.81 9.15 9.34 n/a
Percentage renewable energy consumed75 % 30% 38% 38% 34% 33% n/a
Percentage renewable electricity consumed % 36% 48% 49% 39% 42% n/a
Percentage energy from grid electricity % 62% 61% 60% 59% 61% n/a
Energy consumption from unbundled RECs76 MWh 40,312  59,554 n/a
Carbon offsets purchased77 Tonnes CO2 200  127 n/a
Total self-generated electricity Mln GJ - - - - - n/a
67   For all figures, minor corrections to historical data may be made to improve accuracy or based on methodology updates. Environmental and Energy metrics have been updated to include data from the acquired Polish sites, including historical data back to 2019. this provides a 
consistent basis for comparing performance on our targets (carbon water, and waste) vs. the base year. In our internal reporting procedures, we recalculate base year data in cases where the change is material (5% or more).
68 All metrics are calculated according to our Reporting Principles 2023 .
69 Percentage change 2019-2023.
70  Scope 1 does not include process emissions from other greenhouse gases (CH 4, N2O, Hydrofluorocarbons, and Perfluorocarbons) and their CO 2 equivalents. For 2023 in Scope 1, this was estimated to be less than 2% and not included.
71  Including Carbon offsets purchased to compensate for Scope 1 emissions in our carbon neutral sites. 
72  Scope 2 does not include process emissions from the other greenhouse gases CH 4, N2O, Hydrofluorocarbons, and Perfluorocarbons, as per Nouryon's Reporting Principles 2023 .
73  Including RECs retired on our behalf for utility supplied renewable electricity and other utility contractual instruments.
74  Energy consumption is expressed in mln GJ which is the sum of the actual consumed by the sites.
75  Renewable-energy data include renewable fuels such as biomass, purchased renewable steam, and renewable electricity from solar, wind, and hydro power.
76  RECs retired on our behalf for utility supplied renewable electricity and other utility contractual instruments.
77  Carbon offsets purchased to compensate for Scope 1 emissions in our carbon neutral sites. Offsets are not included in our emissions inventory (Scopes 1, 2, or 3). These offsets have been certified by the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS), administered by Verra, and retired. For 
more information, see www.verra.org. Offsets are applied to prior year emissions.
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       87

Page 88:
Environment (2/3)
Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Progress toward target 78
Air Quality
NOx absolute emissions Tonnes 471 482 513 527 468 n/a
NOx emission intensity Kg/Tonne of production 0.13 0.13 0.14 0.14 0.14 n/a
SOx absolute emissions Tonnes 3,533 3,135 3,288 3,333 3,446 n/a
SOx emission intensity Kg/Tonne of production 0.96 0.88 0.89 0.91 1.02 n/a
VOC absolute emissions Tonnes 669 1,172 1,938 1,792 1,853 n/a
VOC absolute emission intensity Kg/Tonne of production 0.18 0.33 0.52 0.49 0.55 n/a
Hazardous air pollutants Tonnes 374 357 408 n/a
Hazardous air pollutants intensity Kg/Tonne of production 0.10 0.10 0.12 n/a
Emission to Water – Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)
COD absolute emissions to surface water Tonnes 845 768 896 854 836 n/a
COD emission intensity to surface water Kg/Tonne of production 0.23 0.21 0.24 0.23 0.25 n/a
COD absolute emissions to external wastewater treatment Tonnes 15,257 16,515 17,917 18,447 15,380 n/a
COD emission intensity to external wastewater treatment Kg/Tonne of production 4.13 4.60 4.81 5.04 4.56 n/a
Water Management
Absolute freshwater intake Thousand m3 134,868 147,270 161,652 153,407 151,543 n/a
Freshwater intake intensity m3/Tonne of production 36.5 41.1 43.4 41.9 44.9 n/a
Percentage in regions with high water stress % 2.3% 2.0% 1.6% 2.0% 2.0% n/a
Absolute freshwater consumption79 Thousand m3 15,427 14,786 14,349 14,497 14,295 n/a
Freshwater consumption79 intensity m3/Tonne of production 4.18 4.12 3.85 3.96 4.24 1%
Percentage in regions with high water stress % 19% 20% 18% 18% 21% n/a
Waste Management
Total absolute waste Tonnes 62,587 59,449 63,243 68,959 56,393 n/a
Total waste intensity Kg/Tonne of production 17.0 16.6 17.0 18.9 16.7 -1%
Absolute non-hazardous waste Tonnes 45,143 41,718 42,146 44,652 35,368 n/a
Non-hazardous waste intensity Kg/Tonne of production 12.2 11.6 11.3 12.2 10.5 n/a
Absolute hazardous waste Tonnes 17,444 17,731 21,097 24,306 21,025 n/a
Absolute hazardous waste to landfill Tonnes 417 465 268 548 193 n/a
Percentage hazardous waste reused % 24% 28% 33% 24% 26% n/a
78 Percentage change 2019-2023.
79  Total freshwater consumption (excluding once through cooling water intake) [1,000m 3].
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       88

Page 89:
Environment (3/3)
Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Progress toward target 80
Production
Performance Formulations Thousand tonnes 2,028 1,964 1,996 1,912 1,686 n/a
Technology Solutions Thousand tonnes 1,662 1,622 1,729 1,747 1,689 n/a
Sustainable Sourcing
Percentage suppliers screened using Risk IQ81 % of spend 96% 94% 90% n/a
Percentage suppliers measured on EcoVadis performance82 % of spend 50% 60% 66% n/a
Percentage suppliers acknowledging our Business Partner Code of Conduct83 % of spend 98% 99.74% 99.81% n/a
Percentage of bio-based raw materials (portion of organic materials) % of organic portion (by mass) 20% 21% 22% 22% 20% n/a
Management Systems84 Per April, 2021 Per February 28, 2022 Per March 23, 2023 Per December 31, 2023
Percentage of manufacturing sites with ISO-14001/RC-14001 certifications % 77% 84% 98% 95% n/a
Percentage of manufacturing sites with ISO-9001 certifications % 88% 88% 82% n/a
80 Percentage change 2019-2023.
81  In terms of all external spend (product, non-product, energy, logistics, etc.) The Risk IQ tool considers industry segment risk, country risk and EcoVadis scores from the complete EcoVadis database.
82  Based on policies, actions, results. For more information: https://ecovadis.com/
83  Tracked by acceptance of a Nouryon Purchase Order or a signed Nouryon contract.
84   Our ISO certification percentage metric includes sites that have been in our portfolio for one year. This is to allow sufficient time required for activities reviewed by the certification process (e.g., pre-start up safety reviews, management reviews, production, and/or internal audits 
if relevant). Any exceptions will be identified.
85  Workforce data prior to 2021 includes Nobian employees (Nobian’s separation from Nouryon occurred in 2021). 2021 workforce data excludes Nobian employees.
86  Headcount and similar metrics may differ slightly, depending on exact collection date, due to timing of reporting schedules, divestments, and acquisitions, as well as regular workforce fluctuations. 
87 Mid-level managers are defined as the management paygrade below the first senior executive level. Source data, December 2023.
88 2023 People Safety data are excluding the sites in Poland, see our Reporting Principles 2023  for additional explanation.
Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Workforce Data85
Global headcount Nouryon employees # 10,389 9,730 7,77186 7,909 8,236
Percentage female in workforce % 24% 23% 25% 25% 25%
Percentage female mid-level managers and above87 % 25% 20% 23% 23%
Percentage employee turnover rate (voluntary and involuntary) % 17% 14% 14% 15% 13%
Safety88
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) – Nouryon Employees, temporary workers and contractors Per 200,000 hours worked 0.26 0.23 0.17 0.30 0.25
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) – Nouryon Employees, temporary workers and contractors Per 200,000 hours worked 0.07 0.13 0.09 0.16 0.07
Management Systems Per April 2021 Per February 28, 2022 Per March 23, 2023 Per December 31, 2023
Percentage of manufacturing sites with OHSAS-18001/RC-18001 and ISO45001 certifications % 39% 39% 44% 42%
Social
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       89

Page 90:
Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Board Per December 31, 2019 Per December 31, 2020 Per December 31, 2021 Per December 31, 2022 Per December 31, 2023
Directors # 9 10 11 11 12
Average director tenure (years) # 1 2 2 3 4
Independent directors # 8 9 10 10 11
Percentage independent directors (%) % 89% 90% 91% 91% 92%
Board Diversity Per December 31, 2019 Per December 31, 2020 Per December 31, 2021
Women on the Board # 0 1 3 3 3
Percentage women on the Board % - 10% 27% 27% 25%
Board members of racial/ethnic minority # 0 0 1 1 1
Percentage board members of racial/ethnic minority % - - 9% 9% 8%
Percentage board diversity % - 10% 36% 36% 33%
Board Coverage of Sustainability-related Issues
Frequency of Board updates on sustainability-related issues Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly
Board oversight of climate strategy Y/N Y Y Y Y Y
Policies and Statements
Code of Conduct, anti-discrimination, anti-harassment Y/N Y Y Y Y Y
Anti-corruption, anti-bribery Y/N Y Y Y Y Y
Business Partner Code of Conduct, including suppliers Y/N Y Y Y Y Y
Health, Safety, Environment and Security, including product stewardship Y/N N Y Y Y Y
Palm oil statement Y/N N Y Y Y Y
Sensitive Country Policy Y/N N Y Y Y Y
Governance
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       90

Page 91:
Sustainable Accounting Standards Board Index
Sustainable Industry Classification System® (SICS®) RT-CH | Sector: Resource Transformation| Industry: Chemicals
Topic Metric90 Code Page
Greenhouse gas emissions
Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations RT-CH-110a.1 54
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and 
an analysis of performance against those targets 
RT-CH-110a.2 24
Air quality Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOx (excluding N2O), (2) SOx, (3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) 
hazardous air pollutants (HAPs)
RT-CH-120a.1 54
Energy management (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable, and (4) total self-generated energy RT-CH-130a.1 54
Water management
(1) Total water withdrawn and (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water Stress
RT-CH-140a.1 55
Number of incidents of non-compliance associated with water quality permits, standards, and regulations RT-CH-140a.2 zero
Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks RT-CH-140a.3 15
Hazardous waste management Amount of hazardous waste generated; percentage recycled RT-CH-150a.1 55
Community relations Discussion of engagement processes to manage risks and opportunities associated with community interests RT-CH-210a.1 83
Workforce health and safety
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and (2) fatality rate for (a) direct employees and (b) contract employees RT-CH-320a.1 89
Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employees and contract workers to long-term (chronic) 
health risks
RT-CH-320a.2 35
Product design for use-phase 
efficiency
Revenue from products designed for use-phase resource efficiency RT-CH-410a.1 56
Safety and environmental 
stewardship of chemicals
(1) Percentage of products that contain Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling of Chemicals (GHS) 
Category 1 and 2 Health and Environmental Hazardous Substances, (2) percentage of such products that have undergone 
a hazard assessment 
RT-CH-410b.1 45
Discussion of strategy to (1) manage chemicals of concern and (2) develop alternatives with reduced human and/or 
environmental impact
RT-CH-410b.2 46
Genetically modified organisms Percentage of products by revenue that contain genetically modified organisms (GMOs) RT-CH-410c.1 79
Management of the legal and 
regulatory environment
Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy proposals that address environmental 
and social factors affecting the industry
RT-CH-530a.1 81
Operational safety, emergency 
preparedness, and response
Process Safety Incidents Count (PSIC), Process Safety Total Incident Rate (PSTIR), and Process Safety Incident Severity Rate 
(PSISR)
RT-CH-540a.1 43
Number of transport incidents RT-CH-540a.2 43
Production by reportable segment RT-CH-000.A 55
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       91

Page 92:
GRI Standards Disclosure Summary
GRI Universal Disclosure Summary
With reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. Management of Nouryon has reviewed and approved the GRI reported information. [GRI Requirement 8: Provide a statement of use] Except where 
stated otherwise, this report includes data from January 1 through December 31, 2023, which is aligned with our financial reporting period. For additional information contact sustainability@nouryon.com [GRI 2-3 
Reporting period, frequency and contact point a. b.] For additional information on our metrics, see the Basis of our Reporting document.
GRI Disclosure GRI Disclosure Description Page(s) in this index
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 92
2-5 External assurance 94
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 6, 60
2-7 Employees 73, 75
2-8 Workers who are not employees 73, 75
2-9 Governance structure and composition 10
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 10
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 10, 11
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 12
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 11
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 10
2-15 Conflicts of interest 17
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 10
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body 10
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 6
2-23 Policy commitments 17, 18
2-24 Embedding policy commit-ments 17, 18
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 18, 24, 35
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 18
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 17
2-28 Membership associations 31, 82
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 75
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 73, 75
3-1 Process to determine material topics 22
3-2 List of material topics 22
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       92

Page 93:
Material Topic Specific Disclosures
GRI Disclosure GRI Disclosure Description Page(s) in this index
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
3-3 Management of material topic 17
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 17
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 17
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
3-3 Management of material topic 24, 47
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions 24, 54
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions 24, 54
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions 24, 54
305-4 GHG Emission Intensity 54
305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions 24, 48
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), Sulfur oxides (Sox) and other significant air emissions 48
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 
3-3 Management of material topic 35
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 35
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 35
403-3 Occupational health services 35
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety 35
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 35
403-9 Work-related injuries 35
403-10 Work-related ill health 35
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 
3-3 Management of material topic 77
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 77
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016 
3-3 Management of material topic 44, 45
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 44, 46
Nouryon specific material topic: Innovation and Product Development 
Existing metrics - %R&D projects with a sustainable benefit 56
% bio-based RMs 55
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       93

Page 94:
Independent Assurance Report
Scope of our assurance 
engagement
Whether the corporate 2023 data for the following selected indicators (the “Selected Information”) in Appendix A are fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the reporting criteria. Our assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or to any other information included in the Report.
Reporting period 1st January 2023 – 31st December 2023
Reporting criteria • WBCSD/WRI GHG Protocol, Scope 2 guidance and Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
• Nouryon’s Reporting Principles for all other metrics
Assurance standard and level 
of assurance
We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements other than 
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.
The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, 
the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance 
engagement been performed.
Respective responsibilities
Nouryon is responsible for preparing the Report and for the collection and presentation of the information within it, and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal 
controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Selected Information.
ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to Nouryon on the agreed scope based on our engagement terms with Nouryon, the assurance activities performed and 
exercising our professional judgement.
ERM Certification and Verification Services Limited (“ERM CVS”) was engaged by Nouryon Speciality Chemicals BV (“Nouryon”) to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information set out below 
and presented in Nouryon’s 2023 Sustainability Report (the “Report”).
Engagement summary
GRI 2-5
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       94

Page 95:
Our conclusion
Based on our activities, as described overleaf, nothing has come to our attention to 
indicate that the 2023 data and information for the disclosures listed under ‘Scope’ above 
are not fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the 
reporting criteria.
Emphasis of Matter
Without affecting our conclusion, which is not modified, we draw attention to Footnote 
19 on page 43 of the Report and the explanation provided by Nouryon relating to the 
exclusion of reporting sites.
Our assurance activities
Considering the level of assurance and our assessment of the risk of material misstatement 
of the Report a multi-disciplinary team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed 
a range of procedures that included, but was not restricted to, the following:
• Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the Selected Information;
• Interviews with management representatives responsible for managing the Selected 
Information;
• Interviews with relevant staff to understand and evaluate the management systems 
and processes (including internal review and control processes) used for collecting and 
reporting the Selected Information;
• A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence 
supporting the Selected Information;
• An analytical review of the year-end data submitted by the locations included in the 
consolidated 2023 group data for the Selected Information which included testing 
the completeness and mathematical accuracy of conversions and calculations, and 
consolidation in line with the stated reporting boundary;
• In-person site visits to Nouryon facilities/production sites in Bohus (Sweden) and Magog 
(Canada), as well as a virtual visit to Morris, IL (USA), to review source data and local 
reporting systems and controls;
• Assessing the conversion and emission factors and assumptions used; and
• Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the 
Report to ensure consistency with our findings.
The limitations of our engagement
The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the 
available methods for determining, calculating or estimating the underlying information. It is 
important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.
Our independence, integrity and quality control
ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 
17021:2015. Accordingly, we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including 
documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Our quality 
management system is at least as demanding as the relevant sections of ISQM-1 and ISQM-2 
(2022).
ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees 
maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence and high ethical standards in their 
work. Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake 
is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest. Our certified management 
system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the 
relevant sections of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.
ERM CVS has extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, social, 
ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, and provides no 
consultancy related services to Nouryon in any respect.
Gareth Manning
Partner, Corporate Assurance 
London, United Kingdom
7 May 2024
ERM Certification and 
Verification Services Limited
www.ermcvs.com;  
email: post@ermcvs.com
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       95

Page 96:
Indicator Unit of Measurement
Direct absolute GHG emissions (Scope 1) Thousand tonnes CO2e
Indirect GHG emissions market-based (Scope 2) Thousand tonnes CO2e
Indirect GHG emissions location-based (Scope 2) Thousand tonnes CO2e
Total energy consumption Million GJ
Energy consumption from unbundled RECs MWh
Total energy consumption intensity GJ/tonne of production
Percentage renewable energy consumed %
NOx absolute emissions Tonnes
NOx emissions intensity Kg/Tonne of production
SOx absolute emissions Tonnes
SOx emissions intensity Kg/Tonne of production
Absolute freshwater consumption Thousand m 3
Freshwater consumption intensity m3/Tonne production
COD absolute emissions to surface water Tonnes
Total absolute waste Tonnes
Absolute hazardous waste Tonnes
Absolute non-hazardous waste Tonnes
Total waste intensity Kg/Tonne of production
Calculated Scope 3 total absolute GHG emissions Thousand tonnes CO2e
Total OSHA Incident Rate (OIR) for employees and temporary workers Per 200,000 hours worked
Total OSHA Incident Rate (OIR) for contractors Per 200,000 hours worked
Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR) for employees and temporary workers Per 200,000 hours worked
Lost time Injury Rate (LTIR) for contractors Per 200,000 hours worked
Process Safety Incident Count (PSIC) # of incidents combined PSE1 + PSE2
Percentage of manufacturing sites with ISO 14001/RC-14001 certifications %
Percentage suppliers acknowledging our Business Partner Code of Conduct % by spend
Percentage female in workforce %
Appendix A
Nouryon Sustainability Report 2023       96

Page 97:
About Nouryon
Nouryon is a global, specialty chemicals leader. 
Markets and consumers worldwide rely on our 
essential solutions to manufacture everyday 
products, such as personal care, cleaning 
goods, paints and coatings, agriculture and 
food, pharmaceuticals, and building products. 
Furthermore, the dedication of approximately 
8,200 employees with a shared commitment 
to our customers, business growth, safety, 
sustainability and innovation has resulted in a 
consistently strong financial performance. We 
operate in over 80 countries around the world with 
a portfolio of industry-leading brands. Visit our 
website and follow us @Nouryon and on LinkedIn.

