Page 1:
PLAYA HOTELS & RESORTS
2022  
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Page 2:
PLAYA HOTELS & RESORTS
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CEO LETTER 3
ABOUT THIS REPORT 4
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 4
WHO WE ARE 5
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 6
GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT 7
 ESG COMMITTEE 7
 PLAYA CARES ™ - SUSTAINABLE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 8
 12 PROGRAMS: OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 9
 PLAYA CARES ™ COMMITTEE 10
 ETHICS AND HUMAN RIGHTS 10
 RISK ASSESSMENTS AND MANAGEMENT  10
 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT  10
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP 11
 PLAYA GREEN 11
 ACQUISITIONS AND RENOVATIONS STRATEGY  11
 BEST PRACTICES 12
 PROPERTY LEVEL RECOGNITION 12
 BIODIVERSITY  13
 PLAYA PARTNERS 13
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 14
 PLAYA HEALTH AND SAFETY  14
 PLAYA COMMUNITY  14
2022 ESG PERFORMANCE TABLE 16
SASB  18
GRI INDEX 20
TCFD  28

Page 3:
3
CEO LETTER
Dear Stakeholders,
I am proud to share our inaugural Sustainability Report, which highlights 
Playa Hotels and Resorts’ journey towards our goals of reducing our 
environmental impact and building sustainable relationships within, and 
beyond, the Playa community. This report discloses our environmental and 
social data for our owned and/or managed properties during the period of 
January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, unless otherwise noted. We have 
also included our Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index, Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and Taskforce on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) disclosures to reflect 2022 operations and 
our current best practices. These disclosures are located in the Appendix  
of this report.
In 2022, we continued to focus on incorporating sustainability throughout 
our day-to-day operations. Our environmental sustainability program,  
Playa Green, guides our efforts to address risks related to climate change 
impacts and keeps us accountable to our stakeholders. Whether it was 
the on-going effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or disruption related to 
Hurricane Fiona in the Dominican Republic, the Playa team showed great 
perseverance and rose to the challenge of handling the adverse impacts 
of these events with care for all our stakeholders. We understand the  
 importance of adapting to the challenges posed by climate change and 
actively incorporate capital expenditure projects into our planning to  
 improve the climate resiliency of Playa properties. We recently initiated  
Playa’s first tri-generation project to reduce the electrical energy 
consumption of our resorts through heat recovery.  We are also pursuing 
clean energy projects at our properties.
In March 2022, we began the process of developing a sustainable 
management system called Playa Cares ™, accelerating the momentum 
of our corporate social responsibility (CSR) journey. Launched in May 
2023, Playa Cares™ is informed by the four strategic pillars of sustainable 
tourism established by the Global Sustainable Tourism Council (GSTC). 
This system helps translate our vision of being a leader in the all-inclusive 
hotel industry segment, while upholding sustainable tourism principles.  
From a governance perspective, our Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG) Committee oversees Playa’s commitment to incorporating 
environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and governance into 
our daily operations and updates the Board on its activities directly at 
least annually. In 2022, we established a shadow board comprised of 
associates from all areas of our business who meet with me quarterly 
to share innovative ideas and feedback to enhance everything from our 
resort offerings to marketing initiatives to employee benefit programs. 
The diverse perspectives from our shadow board provide exposure for our 
associates and up-and-coming talent, while also contributing to Playa’s 
growth and evolution as a company. 
On the community engagement side, social responsibility is a key 
component of Playa’s culture, and this is reflected in many of the programs 
conducted by or for our employees. In 2022, we donated clothing, toiletries, 
and other necessities to communities in Florida, Mexico, Jamaica, and the 
Dominican Republic. We also partnered with community organizations 
to conduct cleanup efforts within ecosystems that require environmental 
protection, such as waste collection on International Coastal Cleanup Day 
by Jewel Grande Montego Bay employees in September 2022. In addition, 
the Ernesto Oliver Lopez Memorial Fund, which was established in memory 
of one of our employees who passed away as a result of COVID-19, aids 
Playa employees in need of emergency financial aid. In 2022, the fund 
continued to accept donations from employees and community members 
directly benefiting Playa employees in need of financial assistance. 
I firmly believe that prioritizing our employees is key to Playa’s work 
culture. We place a strong emphasis on valuing the diverse backgrounds 
within our workforce. An event that comes to mind occurred in May 
2022, at Hyatt Ziva Cancun, where employees came together to enhance 
their understanding of various cultural perspectives and specific issues 
surrounding diversity.  In addition, on March 8, 2022, International 
Women’s Day was celebrated at Wyndham Alltra Playa del Carmen  
and associates partook in a dynamic female empowerment workshop.
Fostering a culture of environmental consciousness and inclusive growth 
is integral to the success of our sustainability efforts at each of our 
properties. I sincerely appreciate all Playa employees’ diligent efforts 
and dedication to continuous improvement. I also commend the hard 
work of our Playa Cares™ Leaders, who have implemented the programs 
and initiatives under Playa Cares™ at their respective properties. With 
the sustainability landscape in constant evolution, we will keep track  
of regulatory developments and engage with industry groups to ensure 
that Playa’s current strategy reflects our stakeholders’ needs in 2024  
and beyond.
I appreciate your interest in our Sustainability Report, and we look forward 
to welcoming you to a Playa property in the future.
BRUCE D. WARDINSKI
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


Page 4:
4
ABOUT THIS REPORT
This report is Playa Hotels and Resorts’ (“Playa” , “Company”) inaugural 
sustainability report, showcasing our journey and progress on 
environmental, social, and governance efforts and performance during 
the periods from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, unless 
otherwise noted.
The boundaries of this report, unless otherwise noted, include all owned 
and/or managed resorts in Playa’s portfolio. Pertaining to environmental 
data, metrics are based on FY2022 data from all managed and owned 
resorts except: resorts that we did not manage for all of 2022 (Jewel 
Palm Beach, Jewel Punta Cana, Hyatt Zilara Riviera Maya, and Wyndham 
Alltra Vallarta) and resorts that were not operational in 2022 (Seadust 
Cancun Family Resort and Kimpton Hacienda Tres Rios Resort). Social 
data was limited to owned resorts. Any financial metrics are provided in 
U.S. Dollars.
Please note that our environmental and social data have not been  
third party verified.
This report includes ESG performance tables and disclosures in 
accordance with the SASB, the TCFD framework, and the GRI Index.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report may contain “forward-looking statements” that are subject to 
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from the statements made. These statements are identifiable by the 
fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-
looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among 
other things, our capital resources, portfolio performance, results of 
operations, liquidity and financial condition, including, but not limited 
to, statements regarding the anticipated performance of our hospitality 
portfolio, development and acquisition plans, including those related to 
any joint ventures and other business or operational issues.
While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they 
are not guarantees of future performance. The Company disclaims any 
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to 
reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, 
data or methods, future events or other changes after the date of this 
annual report, except as required by applicable law. You should not 
place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are 
based only on information currently available to us (or to third parties 
making the forward-looking statements).
This report is current as of December 4, 2023.


Page 5:
5
WHO WE ARE 
Playa, through its subsidiaries, is a leading 
owner, operator, and developer of all-inclusive 
resorts in prime beachfront locations in 
popular vacation destinations in Mexico and 
the Caribbean. As of December 31, 2022, 
we owned and/or managed a total portfolio 
consisting of 25 resorts (9,352 rooms) located 
in Mexico, Jamaica and the Dominican 
Republic. Our 2022 guest mix consisted of 
approximately 90% leisure travelers.
We have strategic relationships with Hyatt, 
Hilton, and Wyndham, where we partner 
with these brands to develop and manage 
all-inclusive resorts. Other resorts in our 
portfolio are branded under Marriott, Jewel, 
and Seadust brands. Seadust Cancun Family 
Resort, Kimpton Hacienda Tres Rios Resort, and 
Wyndham Alltra Vallarta (formerly Wyndham 
Alltra Riviera Nayarit) joined Playa’s portfolio 
of managed resorts in 2022. Playa’s strategy 
is to leverage its globally recognized brand 
partnerships and proprietary in-house direct 
booking capabilities to capitalize on the 
growing popularity of the all-inclusive resort 
model and reach first-time all-inclusive resort 
consumers in a cost-effective manner.
CORPORATE SOCIAL  
RESPONSIBILITY JOURNEY
•  2017: Hyatt Ziva Cancun property becomes the first Playa property 
to receive Green Globe certification, setting the stage for our 
sustainability commitment.
•  2018: Launch of Playa Green, our environmental sustainability 
program, with a focus on reducing water and energy consumption, 
waste, and fostering employee responsibility.
•  2020: ESG Committee established, integrating sustainability 
accountability into our governance structure.
•  2022: Significant improvements to data collection processes to 
enhance the data coverage of environmental performance metrics. 
•  January 2022: A total of 4 Sustainability Managers, a Sustainability 
Analyst, and a Senior Sustainability Manager assigned to support 
the implementation of Playa Cares™. 
•  May 2023: Introduction of Playa Cares™, a sustainable management 
system, emphasizing social and environmental impact. 
•  November 2023: As of this date, 14 Playa resorts have achieved 
Green Globe certification, underscoring our dedication to 
environmental protection. Ongoing efforts aim for certification of all 
non-certified properties.
1) Room count as of EOP Oct 2023, pro-forma for managed resorts not yet opened
2) Denotes management contract
 Total Rooms: 9,756
Hyatt Ziva
Los Cabos
Hyatt Ziva 
Puerto Vallarta
Hyatt Ziva Cancun
Jamaica 
Wyndham Alltra 
Playa del Carmen
Hyatt Ziva & Zilara 
Rose Hall
Hyatt Zilara Cancun
Dominican Republic 
Jewel Punta Cana
Hilton La Romana
Jewel Palm Beach
Managed by Playa Hotels & Resorts
Sanctuary Cap Cana
Jewel Grande
Hilton Rose Hall
Jewel Paradise Cove Hyatt Ziva & Zilara 
Cap Cana
Cancún / Riviera Maya Rooms
1. Hyatt Ziva Cancún 547
2. Hyatt Zilara Cancún 310
3. Hilton Playa del Carmen 524
4. Wyndham Alltra Cancún 458
5. Wyndham Alltra Playa del Carmen 287
6. Hyatt Zilara Riviera Maya (2) 291
7. Hyatt Ziva Riviera Cancún (2) 438
8. The Yucatán Resort Playa del Carmen (2) 60
9. Seadust Cancún Family Resort(2) 502
10. Kimpton Hacienda Tres Rios Resort, Spa & Nature Park(2) 255
Total Cancún / Riviera Maya 3,672
Percentage by Region 38%
Pacific Coast Rooms
1. Hyatt Ziva Los Cabos 591
2. Hyatt Ziva Puerto Vallarta 335
3. Wyndham Alltra Riviera Nayarit (2) 229
Total Western Mexico 1,155
Percentage by Region 12%
Dominican Republic Rooms
1. Hilton La Romana 774
2. Jewel Palm Beach 500
3. Jewel Punta Cana 620
4. Hyatt Ziva & Zilara Cap Cana 750
5. Sanctuary Cap Cana (2) 324
6. Wyndham Alltra Samana (2) 404
Total Dominican Republic 3,372
Percentage by Region 35%
Jamaica Rooms
1. Hyatt Ziva Rose Hall 276
2. Hyatt Zilara Rose Hall 344
3. Hilton Rose Hall 495
4. Jewel Paradise Cove 225
5. Jewel Grande (Owned) 88
6. Jewel Grande(2) 129
Total Jamaica 1,557
Percentage by Region 16%
3%
16%
19%
40%
Kimpton
Wyndham Alltra
Jewel
Hilton
Hyatt
Brands by Rooms (%)
Sanctuary
The Yucatan Resort 
Playa del Carmen
Pacific Coast
Wyndham Alltra Cancun
Hyatt Zilara Riviera Maya
Cancún / Riviera Maya 
Hyatt Ziva Riviera Cancun
Seadust Cancun
Hilton Playa del Carmen
Kimpton Hacienda Tres Rios
Wyndham Alltra 
Riviera Nayarit
14%
Wyndham Alltra 
Samana
3%

Page 6:
6
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
We launched Playa Cares™, Playa’s 
own sustainable management 
system, in May 2023.
Playa has 4 sustainability 
managers to oversee the 
Playa Cares™ program  
at a regional level.
We have 14 Green Globe 
certified properties, with 5 
properties at the Gold Level.
We inaugurated the 
Playa Builds Your Home 
program in 2022. 


Page 7:
7
GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT
Establishing a robust ESG foundation commences with solid governance 
structures. In 2020, we formed our ESG Committee to enhance the 
centralization and coordination of our sustainability endeavors. As we 
progressed with our CSR initiatives, we identified the necessity for our 
own sustainable management system, initiating its development in 
2022. The culmination of our dedicated efforts resulted in the launch of 
Playa Cares™ in 2023.
 
We uphold the utmost integrity and ethical standards in our business 
activities and transactions. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
promotes honest and ethical conduct, ensuring transparent and 
accurate public communications, complying with governmental laws 
and regulations, promptly reporting code violations internally, and 
accountability for adherence to the code. 
We also execute such policies and procedures around risk management, 
risk assessments, and stakeholder engagement to continually enhance 
the ESG program and manage climate-related risks and exposures 
across our portfolio.
ESG COMMITTEE
Our ESG Committee, which includes our Chief Operating Officer, 
General Counsel, Chief People Officer, Senior Vice President, Investor 
Relations & Strategy and Assistant Corporate Controller, is overseen by 
the Nominating and Governance Committee (NGC) of our Board. It is an 
organization-wide task force with representation from multiple areas of 
Playa dedicated to obtaining a broader reach for idea generation and 
effectively promoting best practices and cross-collaboration related to 
corporate social responsibility and sustainability. Our ESG Committee 
oversees Playa’s commitment to incorporating environmental 
sustainability, social responsibility, and governance into our daily 
operations at all levels with an emphasis on reducing our environmental 
impact, mitigating risks, improving our communities and driving value 
for all our stakeholders. 
The ESG Committee reports directly to the NGC regarding Playa’s 
activities over corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters 
and the external reporting thereof (including matters relating to 
diversity and inclusion). The NGC regularly updates the Board on the 
activities of the ESG Committee. The ESG Committee also updates the 
Board on its activities directly, at least annually.

Page 8:
8
PLAYA CARES™ - SUSTAINABLE 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
The United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) and the World Tourism 
Organization (WTO) define sustainable tourism as tourism that takes full 
account of its current and future economic, social and environmental 
repercussions, meeting the needs of visitors, industry, environment, 
and host communities.
In addition, they affirm that sustainable tourism refers to the 
environmental, economic and socio-cultural aspects of tourism 
development and an appropriate balance must be established among 
these three dimensions to guarantee its long-term sustainability. 
In line with these definitions, Playa launched Playa Cares™, our own 
Sustainable Management System, in May 2023. Playa Cares ™ is built 
on the four strategic pillars of Sustainable Tourism established by the 
GSTC, which allow us to align each of our programs and initiatives with 
global efforts to change the tourism industry into a driver of sustainable 
development.
SUSTAINABLE MANAGEMENT
•   Decision Making Process: Policies  – Procedures – Standards – 
Continuous Improvement
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS
•   Protection of our Ecosystems – Sustainable Use of Resources
SOCIO-ECONOMIC IMPACTS
•   Positive Impacts in our Communities – Long Term Strategies
CULTURAL IMPACTS
•   Promotion and Preservation of Cultural Heritage
Playa Cares™ seeks to comply with the following objectives in each of the destinations where we operate:
•  To make optimal use of environmental resources, while maintaining essential ecological processes, helping 
to conserve the natural heritage and biodiversity, and effectively contributing to climate action. 
•  To respect, preserve, and promote local communities’ sociocultural authenticity, cultural heritage, traditional 
values, and intellectual rights. 
•  To operate safely and prepare our operation to adequately respond to any type of risk, guaranteeing the 
well-being of our guests, visitors, associates, and contractors, within our resorts and offices. 
•  To guarantee viable long-term economic operations, by providing socio-economic benefits to all stakeholders, 
including stable employment opportunities, income generation, and social services to local communities. 
•  To maintain a high level of satisfaction for our guests and ensure a significant experience, by actively 
involving them in sustainability issues of the destinations they visit and promoting sustainable tourism 
practices among them. 
•  To comply with all applicable local, national, and international legislation and regulations related to our 
Industry and type of activities. 
Playa Cares™ is organized into 12 Programs, which are key elements for the sustainable management of the 
company’s resources, and their implementation is mandatory for all Playa resorts.

Page 9:
9
Within each of these programs, Playa Cares ™ provides the framework 
for the planning, organization, implementation, monitoring, evaluation, 
communication, updating and continuous improvement of all the 
initiatives focused on the efficient use of Playa’s resources in each  
of the destinations where we operate.
As we continue to develop and implement Playa Cares ™ in 2023 
and beyond, we expect its programs to align with the following UN 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs):
•  SDG 4: Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and 
promote lifelong learning opportunities for all
•  SDG 6: Ensure availability and sustainable management of water 
and sanitation for all
•  SDG 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic 
growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all
•  SDG 10: Reduced inequality within and among countries
•  SDG 13: Take urgent action to combat climate change and its 
impacts
•  SDG 14: Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine 
resources for sustainable development
•   SDG 15: Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial 
ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, 
and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss
The development of each of the Playa Cares ™ elements was 
informed by:
•  Global Sustainable Tourism Council Criteria
 
•   United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
•  Sustainability programs of each of the brands we operate
•   International requirements and best practices  
for the tourism industry
•  National and local requirements in each of the destinations 
where we operate
The process of alignment, development, and implementation 
of the Playa Cares ™ elements is a highly participatory process, 
in which we constantly involve key groups and individuals from 
different departments of Playa to adjust our system to the context 
of local operations in each destination.
To communicate internally and externally on each of the programs 
and initiatives that are part of Playa Cares ™, we have defined four 
lines of work: Playa Green, Playa Community, Playa Health 
and Safety, and Playa Partners.
12 PROGRAMS: OUR SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH

Page 10:
10
PLAYA CARES™ COMMITTEE
The implementation of Playa Cares ™ in each of our resorts and offices 
is the responsibility of the Playa Cares ™ Committee. The Playa Cares ™ 
Committee is responsible for planning, implementing, monitoring, and 
adapting the programs and initiatives defined within the Playa Cares ™ 
Sustainable Management System in each of the Playa resorts. Each 
property has a Playa Cares™ Committee that meets on a monthly basis to 
review metrics and projects, and create and follow up on its action plans.
ETHICS AND HUMAN RIGHTS
Obeying the law both in letter and in spirit is the foundation on which 
the Company’s ethical standards are built. Playa has adopted a Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics (“Code”) to operationalize these values. 
The Code covers a wide range of business practices and procedures. In 
addition, we take a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption. 
Our Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy establishes the obligations 
of Playa, and of those working for and on behalf of Playa, in observing 
and upholding our position against bribery and corruption, and to 
provide guidance on how to recognize and deal with bribery and 
corruption issues.
For further information, refer to:
•   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
•   Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
RISK ASSESSMENTS  
AND MANAGEMENT 
Our Enterprise Risk Management Program (ERMP) was established to 
oversee overall risk management across the Company. The program is 
managed by the Risk Management Committee (RMC), a cross-functional 
team comprising of executives from Finance, IT, and Development. In 
conjunction with the ESG Committee, the RMC completes a review and 
strategic planning session of climate-related risk and opportunities. 
The results of the ERMP Risk Assessment are reviewed with senior 
management and are presented to the Audit Committee and Board 
of Directors annually. Similar to the process to identify risks, the ESG 
Committee then works with various departments including Operations, 
Engineering, Legal, Finance, and Development to manage climate-
related risks.
The ESG Committee conducts monthly meetings and engages functional 
departments according to our relevant programs such as Playa Green. 
ESG updates are provided by the ESG Committee to the CEO on a routine 
basis, to the NGC semi-annually, and to the Board annually. Additional 
meetings and other forms of engagement are conducted with 
management, where required, to advance our sustainability objectives. 
Needs, risks, and considerations are discussed and elevated from the 
property level to our area directors and top down in the sharing of best 
practices. Climate-related risks and considerations are factored into our 
capital allocation and strategic planning on a regular basis as part of 
our annual budgeting and recurring risk assessments to pro-actively 
address these concerns. The ESG Committee also works in conjunction 
with the RMC to incorporate and capture climate-related risks in the 
Company’s broader ERMP . 
Our risk assessment process incorporates sustainability risks into 
company strategy and identifies and prioritizes sites that are high risk. 
Given our footprint across several countries and regions, we aim to 
incorporate best practices to anticipate regulatory changes and adjust 
our operations accordingly with emphasis on risks and changes that are 
estimated to be highly likely in the short-medium term, pose potentially 
serious consequences if left unaddressed, or provide favorable return on 
investment characteristics. 
The most significant climate-related risk for our portfolio pertains to 
extreme weather events (particularly hurricanes) and local infrastructure 
as it relates to water and electricity. We adapt to these risks by investing 
in property and business interruption insurance policies. Refer to our 
TCFD disclosure (see ‘TCFD’ on page 42) to learn more about Playa’s 
processes in identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks 
and opportunities.
STAKEHOLDER  
ENGAGEMENT
Guests: We have several initiatives that improve the guest’s 
sustainability experience within our properties. Most of our 
resorts have obtained Green Globe certification, and we 
intend to pursue this certification for new properties entering 
our portfolio. We request guests at participating resorts to 
take part in several initiatives, such as the reduction of single 
use of plastics (i.e., straws, plastic bags), saving water by 
using water dispensers, and promoting local culture through 
food, festivities, and folklore.
Employees and communities: Refer to sections 
Playa Health and Safety and Playa Community for more  
information on how we build lasting relationships with and 
enhance the lives of our associates and the communities in 
which we operate.
Investors: We provide important disclosures to investors by 
posting them in the investor relations section of our website.


Page 11:
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
At Playa, we have developed a strong control of metrics and data, which 
are uploaded monthly into our sustainable tourism management 
system and to each of our brand partner’s sustainability platforms 
(Hyatt, Hilton, Marriott, Wyndham). This measurement process provides 
us with valuable information that is used to make decisions based on 
consumption by guest and establish objectives.
PLAYA GREEN
Launched in 2018, Playa Green brings together all the programs, initiatives 
and training focused on sustainable use, conservation of natural resources 
and climate action, both within and outside our properties, in each of the 
destinations where we operate. This program establishes sustainability 
management processes which help us monitor legal compliance, evaluate 
risks, inform strategy, and facilitate continuous improvement in our 
environmental performance across Playa’s operations and throughout the 
life cycle of our assets. 
Energy and Carbon Management are addressed by nine components: 
policies and standards; compliance matrix evaluation; communication 
and internal training programs; development and help to the community; 
environmental improvement projects; calibrations; records and evidence; 
document measurement and control; and progress reporting.
We have initiated or are currently planning the following projects as part of 
our strategy to achieve energy / water conservation and management:
•   We started Playa’s first tri-generation project to reduce the electrical 
energy consumption of resorts through heat recovery. The strategy also 
includes producing consumable water by extracting salty water from 
the underground, filtering and eliminating the salt through reverse 
osmosis, and returning it from the wastewater treatment plant.  
•   We are pursuing clean energy projects at our properties.
•   We have a strategy to replace existing laundry equipment with new-
generation machines, which are expected to reduce water consumption 
by 50%, and reduce the consumption of energy through the reduction 
of drying time. 
ACQUISITIONS AND RENOVATIONS 
STRATEGY
Our commitment to sustainability is ingrained in our capital 
allocation decisions, recognizing the positive impact on 
asset valuation through cost savings and improved margins. 
Sustainability is a pivotal consideration in our approach to 
mergers and acquisitions, as well as property renovations. 
Throughout each property’s regular refresh cycle, our 
development team collaborates with Operations and 
Sustainability to identify opportunities for capital investments 
that enhance sustainability.
During renovations, our focus extends to improving the 
sustainability attributes of our properties. Projects, including 
energy management considerations, that were not previously 
addressed are incorporated into the intermediate term refresh, 
aligning with our resorts’ regular refresh cycle of 5 - 7 years.
In 2022, we implemented a series of water conservation 
measures during construction and renovation projects, including 
the use of pre-mixed concrete, strict water dosage supervision, 
and mandatory pressure testing of all hydraulic installations. 
Additional initiatives encompassed the elimination of multiple 
water hoses, mandatory use of native plants, and strategic 
irrigation practices to minimize evaporation. Timers and high-
efficiency irrigation systems, coupled with the use of treated 
water for irrigation, further contributed to our sustainable water 
management efforts. Looking ahead to 2023, we are taking 
the initial step of establishing water metering at main water 
consumption areas to measure and control water waste.
Waste management practices in 2022 involved concentrated 
debris and construction waste areas from project 
commencement, designated eating areas for personnel with 
provided garbage containers, and cleaning crews ensuring 
proper disposal at authorized waste sites. Hazardous materials 
were carefully designated, and separate deposits for recyclable 
materials, such as PET, PVC, plastics, aluminum, copper, and 
steel, were established.
Addressing sustainability-related risks during construction or 
renovation projects remained a key focus in 2022, particularly in 
health and safety. Our comprehensive approach included hotel 
audits to identify fire, life, and safety issues, the incorporation 
of CO and CO2 detectors, replacement or modification of 
railings to comply with safety requirements, and the use of 
impact-resistant glass in windows and doors. We eliminated 
light-gauge construction from resort facades and exterior areas, 
sanitized indoor air conditioning to prevent legionella risks, 
and enforced stringent safety policies and procedures during 
the construction process. Standard procedures were established 
for anti-vortex bottom suctions, automatic stop devices, and 
grounding measures in all swimming pools, ensuring a robust 
approach to safety across our properties.
11

Page 12:
BEST PRACTICES1
 
Most of our properties have a sustainability champion, Playa Cares ™ 
Leaders, and a Playa Cares™ Committee that meets on a monthly basis. 
This structure at the property-level allows quick implementation of ideas 
that are also unique to the circumstances of each local community. 
ENERGY
•   96% of our properties have LED lighting on at least 80% of their 
interior space, excluding specialized bulbs for historic lighting 
fixtures
•   100% of our properties have implemented energy efficiency 
measures in the past three years
•   100% of our properties have a preventive maintenance plan 
that checks building energy and water equipment on at least a  
quarterly basis
•   46% of our properties have enhanced reflective or insulating 
characteristics to reduce heating and cooling loads
•  75% of our properties have conducted an energy efficiency 
assessment within the past 3 years
•  88% of our properties have digital thermostats installed in over  
75% of guestrooms
WATER
•   100% of our properties have implemented water efficiency 
measures within the past 3 years, ranging from drought tolerant or 
native landscaping to cooling tower water management
•   88% of our properties have more than 75% low-flow or dual flush 
toilets to conserve water
•   88% of our properties have more than 75% of faucets consuming no 
more than 1.5 gallons per minute or less to conserve water
•   58% of our properties have water consumption sub-metered in 
various areas of their properties
WASTE
•   100% of our properties have implemented a recycling program 
within the past 3 years
•   100% of our properties have eliminated or replaced plastic straws 
with non-plastic straws
•   100% of our properties have placed recycling bins in back-of-house
•   96% of our properties measure the amount of food waste generated 
and 83% of our properties divert their food waste to help reduce  
the amount of waste sent to the landfill
PROPERTY LEVEL RECOGNITION
In our commitment to environmental sustainability, we actively pursue 
certifications and align with leading verification firms and practices. This 
strategic approach strengthens our initiatives aimed at minimizing our 
carbon footprint and safeguarding the natural environments in which 
we operate.
Currently, 14 of our resorts proudly hold the Green Globe certification, 
a testament to our dedication to sustainable practices. Moreover, an 
additional six resorts are actively engaged in the certification process, 
underscoring our ongoing commitment to meeting and exceeding 
environmental standards. As of 2023, five of our properties have 
achieved Gold Level certification, marking a significant milestone in 
our pursuit of excellence. The Green Globe standard, developed almost 
30 years ago through collaboration with stakeholders in the travel 
and tourism industry, serves as the foundation for these certifications. 
Notably, this standard is endorsed by the GSTC, manages global 
standards for sustainable travel and tourism, and acts as the international 
accreditation body for sustainable tourism certification.
In 2021, the Hilton La Romana Resort and Spa achieved the prestigious 
Blue Flag Beach certification, an internationally recognized certification 
promoting the sustainable development of the sea and freshwater 
areas. Accreditation as a Blue Flag Beach required adherence to specific 
criteria related to environmental education and information, water 
quality, environmental management, and safety and services.
1  For the purpose of this report, we collected and analyzed best practices for all properties managed by Playa in 2022. 12


Page 13:
BIODIVERSITY
Acknowledging the critical global risks highlighted by the World 
Economic Forum (WEF), such as biodiversity loss and ecosystem 
collapse, Playa recognizes the urgency of conservation efforts in the 
face of climate change. With resorts surrounded by the ocean, lagoons, 
and lush mangroves, protecting these ecosystems is paramount for our 
guests, our communities, and the future of our business. 
In our commitment to biodiversity conservation, we conduct assessments 
of biodiversity risks as part of the due diligence process before acquiring 
assets. Our efforts extend to enhancing our knowledge to avoid the 
procurement of endangered and non-renewable items. Monitoring and 
mitigation measures are in place to address activities that may disturb 
wildlife and their habitats. 
Many of our beachfront properties face challenges from increased 
sargassum, a seaweed impacting shorelines in Mexico and the 
Dominican Republic. To address this, Playa properties promptly 
clean sargassum in alignment with local authorities and destination 
management organizations, mitigating risks such as beach erosion and 
tourist dissatisfaction.
Addressing marine and coastal pollution, some properties engage in 
beach cleanup activities. Notably, on World Oceans Day 2022, Hilton 
Rose Hall Resort & Spa partnered with Jewel Grande Montego Bay and 
Hyatt Ziva and Zilara Rose Hall to remove 193.5 lbs (88 kg) of plastic 
and 667 lbs (303 kg) of mixed waste from Fisherman Beach in Montego 
Bay. Similarly, associates from Jewel Grande Montego Bay collaborated 
with the Montego Bay Marine Park to clean up Old Hospital Beach, 
emphasizing collective action for ocean revitalization.
International Coastal Cleanup Day is an annual event coordinated by 
the International Coastal Cleanup Association (ICCA). Volunteers from 
around the world collect trash and debris from coastal and marine 
habitats. Our associates at Hilton Rose Hall Resort and Spa and Jewel 
Grande Montego Bay participated in this day by clearing trash from 
coastlines, turning this into a regular Playa Green agenda item. 
As part of our commitment to sustainable tourism and animal welfare, we 
strictly adhere to all laws and regulations governing wildlife harvesting 
and trade. In addition, to support the conservation of sea turtles, some 
of our properties have implemented a Turtle Program which involves the 
protection of nesting sites and the release of sea turtle hatchlings. 
Guests can also observe the safe release of sea turtles by our staff.
Acknowledging the growing risks to biodiversity throughout our value 
chain, Playa is dedicated to formulating and executing additional action 
plans that tackle the challenges faced by nature.
PLAYA PARTNERS
Playa Partners brings together programs and initiatives in which the 
positive impact of Playa Cares™ is multiplied through strategic alliances 
and joint project management with key organizations and individuals, 
not only for the tourism industry but for our destinations. 
13


Page 14:
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Our associates and communities form the center of our Company. We 
strive to foster a culture of inclusive growth and provide a respectful and 
professional workplace to empower all our associates to express what is 
important to them and to their communities. 
PLAYA HEALTH AND SAFETY
Our Playa Health and Safety line of work brings together all the 
programs and initiatives focused on guaranteeing the well-being of our 
stakeholders (associates, families, local communities, guests, visitors, 
contractors, and suppliers). We have established a company policy 
that ensures all associates are provided adequate health and safety 
conditions for the development of their activities, reduces the risk of 
accidents, increases the quality of life in their work areas, and protects 
hotel and offices facilities, the community, and environment. With the 
implementation of Playa Cares™ in 2023, properties will be required to 
develop and annually update a risk assessment to identify risks of the 
personnel and external suppliers that work in the resorts or offices. A 
plan must be documented and implemented to minimize these risks 
and protect the safety of our guests, associates, contractors, and the 
community at large.
 
We embrace and celebrate diversity. We recognize that a diverse 
workforce and a culture of inclusion helps us compete more effectively, 
drives productivity, and builds long-term sustainable value. We seek to 
understand the communities where we work, while developing culture, 
talent and strategies that cultivate a work environment of inclusiveness. 
Inclusiveness means that we value each employee’s unique attributes, 
strengths, and backgrounds, and that we believe every employee should 
feel like they belong and are valued. We encourage our employees to 
form deeper relationships with those around them based on mutual 
respect, dignity and understanding. We expect everyone at Playa to live 
up to these values and support our mission.
PLAYA COMMUNITY
One of the pillars of our Playa Cares ™ program is Playa Community. It 
brings together all programs and initiatives focused on promoting 
sustainable development among our stakeholder groups (associates, 
families, local communities, guests, visitors, contractors, and suppliers). 
We strongly believe that caring for our people is the first step in giving 
back to our communities. Our philosophy at Playa has always been and 
continues to be “We take care of our employees, and in turn, they take 
care of our guests.” One key initiative that embodies this value is the 
Playa Builds Your Home program. As part of this program, Playa builds 
homes for associates who win a new home through the program. In April 
2023, Hilton La Romana delivered a house that we began to construct 
in October 2022 in an exciting display of solidarity and commitment. 
The fortunate recipient has become the proud owner of a beautiful 
home. The house, constructed and furnished by Playa, was handed over 
in the community of Benerito, where the associate and his family can 
embark on a new chapter in their lives.  The “Playa Builds Your Home” 
initiative has proven to be a transformative force, exemplified by the 
delivery of a home to this recipient. This inspiring program not only 
14
provides tangible support to our associates but also fosters a profound 
sense of community and solidarity.  Beyond the construction of physical 
structures, this initiative embodies the essence of care, demonstrating 
our commitment to the holistic well-being of our associates.
Additionally, we place significant emphasis on employee training 
and benefits to nurture a compassionate and productive workplace 
environment. We provide a competitive benefits package to all full-time 
employees which includes health and welfare benefits, such as medical, 
dental, disability insurance and life insurance benefits. The plans under 
which these benefits are provided are not expected to discriminate in 
scope, terms, or operation in favor of executive officers and are available 
to all full-time employees.
Onsite medical consultants are conveniently available for resort 
employees at no extra cost. Additionally, health insurance is offered to 
all employees in each of our locations, for both permanent and contract 
positions.
All associates are eligible for the following benefits: transportation 
provided by Playa, English lessons and scholarships for both individuals 
and their families, parental leave according to local laws, and hot meals 
for all associates at a resort level.
Furthermore, we provide ongoing training on safety, antibribery, 
harassment and discrimination to further nurture the workplace 
environment. We proactively use survey tools and regular performance 
reviews to engage with our associates and help them achieve their goals 
and to improve the workplace.


Page 15:
15
We offer continuous learning and development with courses on 
Playa’s culture, vision and philosophy, guest satisfaction, performance 
management for leadership, mentoring and coaching, stress 
management, emotional intelligence, effective interviewing and 
talent development, high impact teams, conflict resolution and quality 
management. For example, one growth and development opportunity 
for our high potential employees is the Leaders Talent Development 
Plan. Specific individuals are prepared for future leadership positions 
within the organization through hands-on training, mentorship and 
education. All of our resort leadership teams participate in our talent 
program in order to allow identified employees to be promoted at their 
resort, at another resort within the country, or be relocated within the 
Playa organization. This program allows Playa to acquire the best talent, 
retain and motivate its employees. 
Outside of the workplace, we do all we can to enrich our communities 
by partnering with local organizations, volunteering, and creating 
opportunities like internship programs and youth career initiatives. 
Collaborating with a diverse group of stakeholders in the tourism 
industry and surrounding local communities is vital to the success of 
sustainability initiatives and spreading awareness on environmental 
and social issues.
•   Hilton Rose Hall Resort & Spa: This property’s first community 
outreach activity in 2022 was in partnership with Jamaica Aids, 
Support For Life, was held on January 18, 2022. We provided 
HIV & Syphilis testing services as well as HIV/STI education to our 
Associates.
•   Hyatt Ziva Puerto Vallarta: To underscore the significance of the 
women at Playa, this property organized a beachside relaxation and 
meditation session led by specialists to commemorate International 
Women’s Day in March 2022. Through this initiative, we aim to 
accentuate their value and recognize the dedication they contribute 
to our esteemed company.
•   Hyatt Ziva Riviera Cancun: On January 5, 2022, this property 
carried out donations of food for low-income communities in the 
town of Leona Vicario. In addition, this property made five different 
donations of various items collected from the Lost and Found areas, 
for the benefit of families with low resources in Puerto Morelos, 
throughout the year.
•   Wyndham Alltra Cancun: This property ensured that plastic caps 
were separated, cleaned and bagged to be donated to la Asociación 
Mexicana de Ayuda a Niños con Cáncer (AMANC). AMANC is the first 
institution in Mexico, and the only one with a national presence, to 
provide comprehensive support for the treatment of girls, boys, and 
adolescents with cancer.


Page 16:
16
COMPANY PROFILE 2019 2020 2021 2022 (Baseline)
Total Number of Properties 23 21 22 192 
Total Number of Offices3 3 3 3 3
Total Number of Rooms4 8,690 8,172 8,366 6,955
ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 2019 2020 2021 2022
Revenue (In thousands)5 $636,477 $273,189 $534,639 $856,263
Occupied Rooms 2,451,840 804,566 1,268,158 1,747,087
Occupancy Rate 77% 27% 52% 69%
SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE  
PERFORMANCE 6 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Number of Employees 9,233 6,808 11,026 11,576
Percent Male Employees 63% 61% 60% 61%
Percent Female Employees 37% 39% 40% 39%
Percent under 30 years old 37% 32% 36% 37%
Percent 30 – 50 years old 55% 58% 56% 55%
Percent over 50 years old 8% 10% 8% 8%
Total Number of Board Members 12 8 8 8
Percent Male 83% 75% 62% 50%
Percent Female 17% 25% 38% 50%
Percent Did Not Disclose 0% 0% 0% 0%
Total Value of In-Kind Donations $97,636 $108,145 $15,696 $67,438
Total Volunteer Hours 12,214 9,460 6,022 9,269
Total Volunteers (Number of Events) 3,868 (67) 1,977 (99) 1,662 (93) 2,155 (242)
ENVIRONMENTAL  
PERFORMANCE 2019 2020 2021 20225
Floor Area Coverage for Intensity 
Metrics (ft2) 6,715,048 7,726,597 7,726,603  8,645,357
Occupied Rooms for Intensity Metrics 1,498,371 647,775 1,268,158 1,747,087
2022 ESG PERFORMANCE TABLE
2  Unless otherwise noted, environmental data accounts for the properties managed and/or owned by Playa for which 2022 operational data was available. The number of properties does not include corporate offices.
3 Stand-alone corporate offices only. 
4 The values for Environmental Performance data represent room counts of 5,706 in 2019, 6,456 in 2020, 6,456 in 2021, and 6,955 in 2022.
5  Revenue is presented on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP , including Jewel Palm Beach and Jewel Punta Cana, which are not included in our environmental reporting.  
6 2022 Environmental Performance data includes office data for electricity and water consumption.

Page 17:
17
ENERGY 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Energy Consumption (kWh) 182,166,136 142,682,983 217,682,687 298,186,111
Total Direct Energy Consumption (kWh) 62,724,802 52,821,379 93,571,795 154,193,573
Total Indirect Energy Consumption 
(kWh) 119,441,333 89,861,604 124,110,892  143,992,538
% Indirect Energy Consumption from 
Electric Power (kWh) 100% 100% 100% 100%
Energy Consumption per square foot 
(kWh) 27 18 28  34
% Energy from Renewables 14% 13% 8% 9%
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions  
(metric Tons CO2e) 77,846 49,512 86,162  103,775
Total Scope 1 Emissions  
(metric tons CO2e) 14,425 12,786 21,530 36,217
Total Scope 2 Emissions  
(metric tons CO2e) 63,421 36,726 64,633  67,558
Greenhouse Gas Emissions  
per square foot (kgCO2e / ft2) 12 6 11  12
WATER 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Water Consumption  
(Cubic Meters) 3,303,887 2,490,523 4,780,055 7,369,367
Water Consumption per occupied room 
(Cubic Meters) 2 4 4 4
WASTE 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Waste Generated (Metric Tons) 12,691.07 6,889.2 10,036.22 13,168
Waste Generated per occupied room 
(pounds) 19 23 17 17
Waste Diversion Rate (%) 12% 5% 32% 42%


Page 18:
18
CODE METRIC DESCRIPTION RESPONSE
ACTIVITY METRICS
SV-HL-000.A Number of available room-nights 2,508,767
SV-HL-000.B Average occupancy rate (%) 69%
SV-HL-000.C Total area of lodging facilities (Square meters) 798,865
SV-HL-000.D
Number of lodging facilities 19
Percentage of lodging facilities that are managed (%) 100%
Percentage of lodging facilities that are owned and leased (%) 84%
Percentage of lodging facilities that are franchised (%) 84%
ENERGY MANAGEMENT 8
SV-HL-130a.1 Total energy consumed (Gigajoules) 1,071,059 
SV-HL-130a.2 Percentage grid electricity (%) 48%
SV-HL-130a.3 Percentage renewable (%) 9%
WATER MANAGEMENT
SV-HL-140a.1 Total water withdrawn (Thousand cubic meters) 4,934
SV-HL-140a.1 Percentage withdrawn in regions with High  
or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress (%) 23%
SV-HL-140a.1 Total water consumed (Thousand cubic meters) 7,369
SASB
8    Energy consumption data excludes the following properties that operated in 2022 – Jewel Palm Beach, Jewel Punta Cana, Hyatt Zilara Riviera Maya and Wyndham Alltra Vallarta. 
Jewel Palm Beach was owned by Playa and operated under the Dreams brand. Standalone offices were also excluded from SASB metrics.
CODE METRIC DESCRIPTION RESPONSE
LABOR PRACTICES
SV-HL-310a.4 Description of policies and programs  
to prevent worker harassment
Playa has policy commitments toward equal 
opportunity employment and prohibition of 
harassment. We work to create a positive, accepting 
and inclusive workplace where employees are 
able to do their jobs without fear of harassment or 
discrimination and we never tolerate retaliation 
against employees who report this activity in good 
faith. See also Section R of Playa Hotels & Resorts 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
CLIMATE CHANGE ADAPTATION
SV-HL-450a.1 Number of lodging facilities located  
in 100-year flood zones N/A (no US properties for this designation)

Page 19:
19
CODE METRIC DESCRIPTION RESPONSE
ECOLOGICAL IMPACTS
SV-HL-160a.1
Number of lodging facilities in or near areas  
of protected conservation status or endangered 
species habitat
13 properties are located within 5km of a recog-
nized protected area.
All properties are located within 50km of an endan-
gered or critically endangered species.
SV-HL-160a.2
Description of environmental  
management policies  
and practices to preserve  
ecosystem services
Environmental stewardship is vital to the success 
of Playa’s business, and we are committed to 
collaborating with our stakeholders to make a 
positive environmental impact. See also Playa 
Hotels & Resorts Environmental Policy. 
In addition, Playa has created Playa Cares™, 
its own Sustainable Management System, the 
implementation of which seeks to focus on optimal 
and efficient resource use, respect and promotion 
of local communities and cultures, safety and 
risk mitigation, and long term economic and 
socioeconomic benefit while complying with local 
and global regulations. This means that Playa Cares™ 
is fully aligned with the Company’s strategic plan 
and its vision as a leading company in the global 
tourism industry.
Furthermore, Playa Cares™ is built on the 4 strategic 
pillars of Sustainable Tourism established by the 
GSTC, which allow us to align each of our programs 
and initiatives with global efforts to change  
the tourism industry into a driver of sustainable 
development. For more information see  
Playa Cares™.

Page 20:
20
GRI INDEX
NUMBER DESCRIPTION RESPONSE/DISCLOSURE
2-1 Organizational details 2022 10-K (p. 1; Business, p. 6; Properties, p. 31) 
2-2
Entities included in  
the organization’s  
sustainability reporting
2022 Sustainability Report (About This Report, p. 5)
2022 10-K p. 6, 31
The boundary of the Sustainability Report includes all properties managed by 
Playa for the entirety of 2022.
The properties covered in the Sustainability Report excludes some properties 
listed in the 10-K, because the 10-K includes partial year properties. Partial year 
properties are defined as properties that were not managed by Playa for the 
entire year of 2022. 
2-3 Reporting period, frequency  
and contact point
2022 Sustainability Report (About This Report, p. 5)
2022 10-K p. 1
Contact Us 
2-4 Restatements of information N/A
2-5 External assurance Playa did not seek assurance during the reporting period for ESG performance 
data disclosed.
2-6
Activities, value chain,  
and other  
business relationships
Playa Resorts  
2022 10-K  p. 6, 9, 31  
About Us  
 
Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. (NASDAQ: PLYA, “Playa”), through its subsidiaries, is a 
leading owner, operator and developer of all-inclusive resorts in prime beachfront 
locations in popular vacation destinations in Mexico and the Caribbean. Our brand 
partners include Hyatt, Hilton, Jewel, Seadust, Kimpton and Wyndham.
Playa’s strategy is to leverage its globally recognized brand partnerships and 
proprietary in-house direct booking capabilities to capitalize on the growing 
popularity of the all-inclusive resort model and reach first-time all-inclusive 
consumers in a cost effective manner. We believe that this strategy should position 
them to generate attractive returns for shareholders, build lasting relationships 
with guests, and enhance the lives of associates and the communities in which we 
operate. By also using new technologies and leveraging big data we aim to improve 
guest satisfaction and shareholder returns. We continuously monitor, review and 
optimize our portfolio to align with our strategic vision and maximize our return on 
invested capital. As part of this ongoing process, we may sell assets that no longer fit 
our criteria for capital investment.
Playa owns and/or manages a total portfolio consisting of 25 resorts (9,352 rooms) 
located in Mexico, Jamaica, and the Dominican Republic. Playa leverages years of 
all-inclusive resort operating expertise and relationships with globally recognized 
hospitality brands to provide a best in-class experience and exceptional value to our 
guests, while building a direct relationship to improve customer acquisition cost 
and drive repeat business. During 2022, we entered into three new management 
agreements to manage all operations, sales and marketing of resorts operating 
under the Wyndham, Kimpton and Seadust brands.

Page 21:
21
NUMBER DESCRIPTION RESPONSE/DISCLOSURE
2-7 Employees 
ESG Performance Table (Social and Governance Performance)  
 
2022 10-K (Human Capital Resources, p. 12)
2-8 Workers who are not employees 2022 10-K  (Human Capital Resources, p. 12)
2-9 Governance structure  
and composition
2023 Proxy Statement (Corporate Governance Profile, Our Board, p. 25; 
Board Areas of Expertise Matrix, Board Diversity Matrix, Director Independence, 
p. 26; Our Board Designations, p. 27; Board Committees, p. 30-32; Social and 
Environmental Commitment, p. 36) 
 
Playa Committee Composition
2-10 Nomination and selection  
of the highest governance body
2023 Proxy Statement (Our Board Designations, p. 27)  
 
Playa Documents and Charters Charter of the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee of the Board of Directors
2-11 Chair of the highest  
governance body
2023 Proxy Statement (Director Independence, p. 26; Our Board Designations, 
p. 27; Our Board Conflicts of Interest, p. 28-29)
2-12
Role of the highest governance 
body in overseeing  
the management of impacts
2023 Proxy Statement (Board Committees, p. 30-32; Risk Oversight, p. 35; 
Social and Environmental Commitment, p. 36-37) 
TCFD (Board’s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities, p. 1-2) 
Playa Documents and Charters Charter of the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee of the Board of Directors (Committee Powers, Duties and 
Responsibilities, p. 3-4)
2-13 Delegation of responsibility  
for managing impacts
2023 Proxy Statement (Social and Environmental Commitment, p. 36-37) 
TCFD (Management’s role in assessing and managing climate related risks and 
opportunities, p. 2) 
2-14 Role of the highest governance 
body in sustainability reporting
2023 Proxy Statement (Social and Environmental Commitment, p. 36) 
Playa Documents and Charters Charter of the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee of the Board of Directors (Corporate Social Responsibility 
and Sustainability, p. 4)
2-15 Conflicts of interest
2023 Proxy Statement (Appointment of Directors, p. 7-10; Our Board Conflicts 
of Interest, p. 28-29; Service on Other Boards, p, 29-30; Certain Relationships and 
Related Transactions, p. 68-73; Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions 
with Related Persons, p. 73) 
Playa Documents & Charters Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Conflicts of 
Interest, p. 2- 3); Board Rules (Conflicts of Interest and Related Party Transactions, 
p. 12); Vendor Code of conduct (Anti-Corruption and Business integrity, p. 3); Anti-
Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
2-16 Communication  
of critical concerns
Playa Documents & Charters Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
(Compliance Procedures; Reporting Violations, p. 4-6)

Page 22:
22
NUMBER DESCRIPTION RESPONSE/DISCLOSURE
2-17 Collective knowledge  
of the highest governance body 2023 Proxy Statement (Our Board Designations, p. 27, 36)
2-18 Evaluation of the performance  
of the highest governance body
Playa’s Nominating and Governance Committee oversees the ESG Committee.  
The ESG Committee reports directly to the Nominating and Governance 
Committee regarding Playa’s activities over corporate social responsibility and 
sustainability matters and the external reporting thereof (including matters 
relating to diversity and inclusion). The Nominating and Governance Committee 
regularly updates the Board on the activities of the ESG Committee. The ESG 
Committee also updates the Board on its activities directly, at least annually. 
2023 Proxy Statement (Compensation Committee, p. 31; Board and  
Committee Self-Evaluations, p. 33) 
Playa Documents & Charters; Board Rules (CEO Evaluation, p. 12-13);  
Charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the  
Board of Directors (Committee Powers, Duties and Responsibilities – Performance 
Evaluations, p. 4)
2-19 Remuneration policies
2023 Proxy Statement (Director Compensation and Summary on Non-Executive 
Director Compensation, p.38); Compensation Discussion and Analysis, p. 42-67) 
Playa Documents & Charters Charter of the Compensation Committee of the 
Board of Directors
2-20 Process to determine 
remuneration
2023 Proxy Statement (Our Board Conflicts of Interest, p. 28-29; Compensation 
Process, p. 47) 
Playa Documents & Charters Charter of the Compensation Committee of the 
Board of Directors
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio
2023 Proxy Statement (Pay Ratio, p. 67) 
For the year ended December 31, 2022, we estimate that the ratio of the annual 
total compensation of our CEO to the annual total compensation of our median 
employee was 882:1.
2-22 Statement on sustainable  
development strategy A statement from our CEO is available in our 2022 Sustainability Report.
2-23 Policy commitments
2022 Sustainability Report (Playa Cares – Sustainable Management  
System, p. 8-9) 
Playa Documents & Charters Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; Human 
Rights Policy; Environmental Policy; Vendor Code of Conduct 

Page 23:
23
NUMBER DESCRIPTION RESPONSE/DISCLOSURE
2-24 Embedding policy commitments
2023 Proxy Statement (Social and Environmental Commitment, p. 33, 36-37)
Playa Documents & Charters Human Rights Policy; Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics; Vendor Code of Conduct; Environmental Policy
2-25 Processes to remediate  
negative impacts
For processes to remediate negative impacts, refer to our Code of Business  
Conduct and Ethics, Human Rights Policy, Environmental Policy, Vendor Code  
of Conduct, and Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy under Playa Documents 
& Charters.
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice 
and raising concerns
Playa Documents & Charters (Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, p. 4-5)
Playa Ethics Hotline Website
EthicsPoint FAQs
2-29 Approach to stakeholder  
engagement
2022 Sustainability Report (Stakeholder Engagement, p.12)
2023 Proxy Statement
Playa Cares™ - Sustainability (Governance; Local Sustainability & Responsibility)
Playa Cares™ – Social Impact
Our key stakeholders include shareholders, brand companies, employees, guests, 
local communities, and suppliers.
Stakeholders are determined by their impact on our company and its business 
activities.
Sustainability is vital to the success of Playa’s business, and we are committed to 
collaborating with our stakeholders to make a positive environmental and social 
impact. We engage our stakeholders on sustainability through various avenues 
including meetings, surveys and events. We also have feedback channels in place 
for guest and employee satisfaction.
2-30 Collective bargaining  
agreements
Approximately 43% of our full-time equivalent work force is unionized.
2022 10-K p. 19
3-1 Process to determine  
material topics
2022 Sustainability Report (Playa Cares™ – Sustainable Management  
System, p. 8-10)

Page 24:
24
NUMBER DESCRIPTION RESPONSE/DISCLOSURE
3-2 List of material topics
2022 Sustainability Report (Playa Cares™ – Sustainable Management  
System, p. 10)
The list of material topics covered currently aligns with our portfolio of hotels  
and resorts in this second year of reporting.
The material topics covered include: water & energy, waste management, climate 
change, ecosystems (flora and fauna), legal compliance, building & renovation, 
health & safety, human resources and training, guest involvement, social 
development, and project management. 
3-3 Management  
of material topics
As a resort owner and operator in the Caribbean and Mexico, we are aware that 
environmental issues if left unaddressed could pose significant risks to the local 
travel and tourism industry. These risks include: 
•    Climate change contributes to sea level rise, coastal erosion, and an increase 
in the frequency and intensity of Sargassum seaweed blooms, coral bleaching 
events, floods and droughts – all of which are detrimental to local tourism  
and the local community.
•    Increasing pressures on water and energy resources, as well as marine 
pollution and degradation arising from improper waste management, have 
repercussions on the ability of ecosystems to provide services that are essential 
for human wellbeing. 
•    Introduction of further regulations and stricter standards to strengthen 
environmental protection present financial consequences to businesses  
that are slow to change. 
•    Societal and market expectations of sustainable business practices are rising, 
and guests are likely to steer away from resorts with poorer sustainability 
performance. 
To address these risks, the Company has a sustainability management system  
in place that focuses on the following key areas:
1. Energy & Carbon Management; 
2. Water Management; 
3. Waste Management; 
4. Flora & Fauna Conservation; and 
5. Sustainable Procurement.
We manage our material topics through the ESG Committee and Playa Cares™, 
our sustainability platform. Our ESG Committee oversees our environmental 
sustainability strategy, objectives, policies and procedures, with support in 
implementation from our associates at our corporate offices and dedicated teams 
at each resort. 
Our sustainability management system helps us to monitor legal compliance 
and facilitates continual improvement in our environmental performance 
across the Company’s entire operations and throughout our asset life cycle. 
This management system is informed by international standards including 
the UN World Tourism Organization’s principles of sustainable tourism, 
Global Sustainable Tourism Council (GSTC) Industry Criteria and World Health 
Organization’s Protocols. 
The five areas of our sustainability management system are each addressed 
by nine components – policies and standards; compliance matrix evaluation; 
communication and internal training programs; development and help to the 
community; environmental improvement projects; calibrations; records and 
evidence; document measurement and control; and progress reporting.

Page 25:
25
NUMBER DESCRIPTION RESPONSE/DISCLOSURE
201-1 Direct economic value  
generated and distributed 2022 10-K (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, p. 59-64)
201-2
Financial implications and other 
risks and opportunities due to 
climate change
2022 10-K (Given the beachfront locations of our resorts, we are particularly 
vulnerable to extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, which may increase 
in frequency and severity as a result of climate change and adversely affect our 
business, p. 18)
TCFD Disclosure (Impact On Businesses, Strategy And Financial Planning, p. 5)
Playa Documents & Charters Environmental Policy
203-1 Infrastructure investments and 
services supported Playa Cares™ Website- Social Impact
205 Management approach
disclosure
Playa Documents & Charters Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy; Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics (Bribes, Gifts and Gratuities, p. 10-11)
2022 10-K p.56, 58
205-2
Communication and training 
about anti-corruption  
policies and procedures
Playa Documents & Charters Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy; Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics (Bribes, Gifts and Gratuities, p. 1, 10-11); Vendor 
Code of Conduct (Anti-Corruption and Business Integrity, p. 3)
2022 10-K (We could be exposed to liabilities under the FCPA and other anti-cor-
ruption laws and regulations, including non-U.S. laws, any of which could have a 
material adverse impact on us, p. 25)
302-1 Energy consumption  
within the organization ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance)
302-3 Energy intensity ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance)
303-5 Water consumption
ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance) 
SASB (Water Management, p. 2)


Page 26:
26
NUMBER DESCRIPTION RESPONSE/DISCLOSURE
305-1 Direct (Scope 1)
GHG emissions
ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance)
All gases are included in the emission calculations.
Our CO2 emissions from the combustion or biodegradation of biomass were 
29.48 metric tons of CO2e.
The source of emission factors for Mexico:
•    Diesel, LPG (mobile and stationary), gasoline (mobile): Calculadora de emis-
iones para el Registro Nacional de Emisiones V8 Mzo. 2022
•    Biomass/woodwaste and charcoal: WRI Stationary Combustion Tool V4.1  
Jamaica and Dominican Republic:
•    Natural gas, gasoline (mobile), diesel, LPG (stationary), Biomass/woodwaste, 
and charcoal: WRI Stationary Combustion Tool V4.1
305-2
Energy Indirect 
(Scope 2)
GHG emissions
ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance)
The source of emission factors for Mexico was the Mexico Registro Nacional de 
Emisiones 2023. Jamaica and the Dominican Republic’s source of emission 
factors sources of electricity were from the International Energy Agency CO2 Emis-
sions from Fuel Combustion 2022. The US corporate offices’ sources of emission 
factors for electricity were from the EPA eGRID 2020 (Updated Jan, 2022).
305-4 GHG Emissions Intensity ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance)
306-3 Waste generated ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance)
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance)
306-5 Waste directed to disposal ESG Performance Table (Environmental Performance) 
307 Management approach
disclosure Playa Documents & Charters Environmental Policy
307-1 Energy consumption  
within the organization
In 2022, Playa did not identify any known material instances of non-compliance 
with environmental laws and/or regulations.
401-2
Benefits provided to full-time 
employee that are not provided  
to temporary or part-time  
employees
2023 Proxy Statement (Health and Welfare Benefits and Retirement Savings 
Opportunities, p. 46)
403-6 Promotion of worker health 2022 10-K (Social, p. 11; Human Capital Resources, p. 12)
404-2
Programs for upgrading  
employee skills and transition 
assistance programs
2022 10-K (Environmental and Social, p. 11; Human Capital Resources, p. 12; 
Employee Benefit Plan, p. 89)
404-3
Percentage of employees  
receiving regular performance 
and career development reviews
2022 10-K (Social, p. 11)
100% of our corporate employees receive regular performance and career devel-
opment reviews.

Page 27:
27
NUMBER DESCRIPTION RESPONSE/DISCLOSURE
405 Management approach
disclosure
Playa Documents & Charters Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Diversity 
and Inclusion, p. 11; Equal Opportunity Employment, p. 12)
Human Rights Policy (Prohibition of Discrimination and Harassment, p.2)
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies
and employees
2023 Proxy Statement (Appointment of Directors, p. 7-10; Board Diversity 
Matrix, p. 26)
ESG Performance Table (Social and Governance Performance)
413-1
Operations with local  
community engagement, 
 impact assessments,  
and development programs
2022 10-K (Social, p. 11)
Playa Cares™ Website- Social Impact
416-1
Assessment of the health and 
safety impacts of product and 
service categories
2022 10-K (Focus on Safety Measures, p. 8)
Human Rights Policy (Health and Safety, p. 2)
2022 Sustainability Report (Playa Health and Safety, p. 17-18)
418 Management approach
disclosure
2023 Proxy Statement (Audit Committee, p. 30; Cyber Risk, p. 35)
Playa Documents & Charters Audit Committee Charter (Review of Cybersecuri-
ty Risk Exposures, p. 6; Oversight of Risk Assessment and Management, p. 7)
2022 10-K (Cyber risk and the failure to maintain the integrity of internal or 
guest data could harm our reputation and result in a loss of business and/or 
subject us to costs, fines, investigations, enforcement actions or lawsuits, p. 24)
418-1
Substantiated complaints  
regarding breaches  
of customer privacy and losses  
of customer data
There were no substantiated material complaints regarding violations  
of customer privacy and losses of customer data during the reporting period.


Page 28:
28
OVERVIEW
Playa, through its subsidiaries, is a leading owner, operator, and  
developer of all-inclusive resorts in prime beachfront locations in popular 
vacation destinations in Mexico and the Caribbean. As of December 31, 
2022, we owned and/or managed a total portfolio consisting of 25 
resorts*  (9,352 rooms) located in Mexico, Jamaica and the Dominican 
Republic. Playa’s strategy is to leverage its globally recognized brand 
partnerships and proprietary in-house direct booking capabilities to 
capitalize on the growing popularity of the all-inclusive resort model 
and reach first-time all-inclusive resort consumers in a cost-effective 
manner. We believe that this strategy should position us to generate 
attractive returns for our shareholders, build lasting relationships with 
our guests, and enhance the lives of our associates and the communities 
in which we operate. We believe that our resorts have a competitive 
advantage due to their location, brand affiliations, extensive amenities, 
scale and design. 
TCFD
Our portfolio is comprised of all-inclusive resorts that share some 
combination of the following characteristics: 
•   Prime beachfront locations; 
•   Globally recognized U.S. hotel brand partners; 
•   Convenient air access from major and secondary North American 
markets and international gateway markets; 
•    Strategic locations in popular vacation destinations in countries 
with strong local government commitments to tourism; 
•    High quality standards and physical condition; and 
•    Capacity for further revenues and earnings growth through 
incremental renovation or repositioning opportunities
Our all-inclusive resorts provide guests an attractive vacation experience 
that offers both compelling value and price certainty, while at the same 
time providing Playa more predictable revenue, expense and occupancy 
rates than traditional full-service hotel business models. Generally, all-
inclusive leisure guests book and pay further in advance, resulting in 
lower cancellation rates and incremental sales of upgrades, premium 
services and amenities not included in the all-inclusive package pricing.
*  Unless otherwise noted, environmental data accounts for the properties managed 
and/or owned by Playa for which 2022 operational data was available.

Page 29:
GOVERNANCE
BOARD’S OVERSIGHT OF CLIMATE RELATED RISKS  
AND OPPORTUNITIES
Our Board of Directors (“Board”) oversees our Company’s risks and 
opportunities from climate change as part of our Company’s overall 
approach to Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) matters. 
The Audit Committee of our Board receives annual risk assessments 
including climate risks from Playa’s Risk Management Committee 
(“RMC”). 
The Nominating and Governance Committee (“NGC”) oversees our 
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESGC”), which 
is an organization-wide task force with representation from multiple 
departments of the Company with the goal of obtaining a broader 
reach for idea generation and effectively promoting best practices 
and cross-collaboration related to corporate social responsibility and 
sustainability. The ESG Committee reports directly to the Nominating 
and Governance Committee regarding the Company’s activities over 
corporate responsibility and sustainability matters and the external 
reporting thereof (including matters relating to diversity and inclusion). 
The Nominating and Governance Committee updates the Board 
periodically on the activities of the ESG Committee. The ESG Committee 
also directly updates the Board on its activities at least annually.
MANAGEMENT’S ROLE IN ASSESSING AND MANAGING CLIMATE 
RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Our ESG Committee oversees Playa’s commitment to incorporating 
environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and best governance 
practices into our daily operations at all levels with an emphasis on 
reducing our environmental impact, mitigating risks, developing our 
human capital, improving our communities, and driving value for all our 
stakeholders. Our ESGC is led by representatives from various functional 
departments and oversees our climate and overall environmental 
sustainability strategy, objectives, policies and procedures, with 
support from our management team at our corporate offices and 
our dedicated teams at each resort. The ESGC conducts monthly 
meetings and engages functional departments according to 
our relevant programs such as Playa Green. ESG updates are 
provided by the ESGC to the CEO on a routine basis, to the NGC, 
and to the Board at least annually. Additional meetings and 
other forms of engagement are conducted with management, 
where required, to advance our sustainability objectives. Needs, 
risks and considerations are discussed and elevated from the 
property level to our area directors and top down in the sharing 
of best practices. Climate related risks and considerations are 
factored into our capital allocation and strategic planning on 
a regular basis as part of our annual budgeting and recurring 
risk assessments to pro-actively address these concerns. The 
ESGC also works in conjunction with the RMC to incorporate 
and capture climate-related risks in the Company’s broader 
Enterprise Risk Management Program (“ERMP”).
 
Operationally, the Playa Green program establishes 
sustainability management processes which help us monitor 
legal compliance, evaluate risks and inform strategy, and 
also facilitate continual improvement in our environmental 
performance across the Company’s operations and throughout 
the life cycle of our assets. Energy and Carbon Management 
are addressed by nine components – policies and standards; 
compliance matrix evaluation; communication and internal 
training programs; development and help to the community; 
environmental improvement projects; calibrations; records and 
evidence; document measurement and control; and progress 
reporting.
29


Page 30:
STRATEGY
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES IDENTIFIED OVER THE SHORT, MEDIUM AND LONG-TERM
 
We use the following time horizons for identified climate risks and opportunities: Short term (<3 years), Medium term (3-7 years),  
and Long term (>7 years). 
30
TIME FRAME CLIMATE RISKS CLIMATE OPPORTUNITIES
Short  
& Medium Term
PHYSICAL
•   Increased frequency and severity of extreme  
weather events such as hurricanes
•   Wildfires and associated poor air quality
•   Variability in weather patterns
•   Degradation in ecosystems
TRANSITION
•   Changing customer behavior
•   Increased stakeholder concern
•   Raw material cost increases
•   Increased insurance cost
•  Building resilience investment measures
•  Use of more efficient modes of transport
•  More efficient buildings
•  Use of recycling
•  Reduced water consumption
•  Use of lower-emission sources of energy
•  Participation in renewable energy programs 
and adoption of energy efficiency measures
•  Sustainability practices and certifications  
to meet consumer preferences
•  Contingency plans for extreme weather events
Long Term
PHYSICAL
•   Rising mean temperatures
•   Rising sea levels
•   Changes in precipitation patterns and extreme  
variability in weather patterns
TRANSITION
•   Increased pricing of GHG emissions
•   Continued increased cost of raw materials
•   Costs to transition to lower emissions technology
•   Mandates on and regulation of existing products  
and services (e.g. green building requirements)
•   Enhanced emissions-reporting obligations  
(e.g. ESG disclosure requirements)
•   Customer preferences, demands, and expectations  
for decarbonized travel
• Early warning detection systems
• Low emission goods and services
• Use of supportive policy incentives 
•  Enhanced long-term asset value from  
investments in efficiency, resiliency,  
and low-carbon solutions
•  Avoiding future cost through early action on 
forthcoming mandates and regulations
•  Increase market share through early shift to 
meet consumer preferences 


Page 31:
In 2021, Playa conducted property-specific climate-related risk 
assessments for our entire portfolio. The assessment covered four main 
areas: Climate, Water, Biodiversity, and Regulatory Policy risks and 
opportunities.
The Climate Risk Assessment analyzed both acute (floods, droughts 
and cyclones) and chronic (change in long term precipitation, 
temperature and sea level rise) physical climate risks, as well as 
transition climate risks. The climate risks indicators evaluated are: 
•   Sea Level Rise
•   Precipitation Change
•   Temperature Change
•   Drought Risk
•   Flood Risk
•   Cyclone Risk
•   Relative Market Carbon Intensity
For overall climate risk, 19% of the portfolio was identified to be at ‘very 
high risk’ and 15% at ‘high risk’. The most significant climate-related 
risk for Playa is that of long-term precipitation and temperature change. 
Cancun, Mexico was identified as a location with very high risk due to its 
high vulnerability to sea level rise and very high risk of temperature and 
precipitation change, among others. The risk assessment enables Playa 
to take targeted, location-specific actions to mitigate climate risks and 
capitalize on related opportunities. 
The Water Risk Assessment analyzed physical risk (risks related to 
quantity and availability of water), financial risk, community conflict risk, 
and regulatory risk. The water risks indicators evaluated are: 
•   Baseline Water Stress 
•   Seasonal Variability 
•   Future Water Stress 2030 
•   Future Water Demand 2030 
•   Future Water Supply 2030 
•   Incoming Risk Likelihood 
•   Water Risk Premium 
For overall water risk, 6% of the portfolio were identified to 
be at ‘very high risk’ and 46% at ‘high risk’. San Jose del Cabo 
was identified as a location with very high risk due to its high 
baseline water stress level, as well as high seasonal variability in 
water supply and high future water stress level, among others. 
Understanding property-specific water risk levels enables Playa 
to better prioritize investments in water efficiency, amongst 
other measures to minimize water usage and maximize water 
reuse and recycling across our portfolio. 
The Biodiversity Risk Assessment analyzed biodiversity 
related risks and opportunities close to our properties. The 
biodiversity risks indicators evaluated are: 
•   Presence of Key Biodiversity Areas or Protected Areas 
(including IUCN management categories I–VI, Ramsar 
Wetlands of International Importance and World Heritage 
sites)
•   Presence of IUCN Red List of Threatened Species
Four properties were found to be within 5km and all were 
within 50km of recognized biodiversity sites. A total of 94 
critically endangered species and 136 endangered species 
were identified to be present in habitats within the vicinity of 
our properties. Understanding the biodiversity values near our 
properties enables Playa to better manage biodiversity risks 
and take action to help safeguard these important habitats and 
conserve species biodiversity.
31


Page 32:
IMPACT ON BUSINESS
Through Playa’s ERMP , the RMC assesses the associated impact levels of climate-related short, medium and long term risks.
32
TIME FRAME PRIORITY LEVEL IMPACTS
Short  
and Medium  
Term
High
Our resorts are located at beachfronts and extreme weather events such as floods and 
hurricanes can pose significant damage to the properties, disrupt property operations 
and guest bookings or stays, and endanger the safety and wellbeing of our guests 
and employees
High
Natural features that make coastal tourism attractive may be impacted by climate 
change (e.g. Sargassum seaweed bloom on beaches, coral bleaching), reducing 
tourism demand
Medium Shift in guest preference toward green lodging attributes have an impact on resort 
choices   
Long Term
High The rise in sea levels will impact acquisition and disposition strategy, as well as 
capital investments planning  
High Market valuation of assets may be positively impacted by thorough resilience plan-
ning (e.g., infrastructure, land, buildings) and building efficiency enhancements
High Asset valuation can also be negatively impacted as a result of write-offs and early 
retirement (e.g., damage to property and assets in “high-risk” locations)
Medium Increased capital costs may result from damage caused by rising sea levels and 
extreme weather events to facilities
Medium
Increased operating costs may result from:
•  higher costs of compliance with new mandates and regulations to limit carbon 
emissions;
• increased insurance premiums;
• increased input prices of resources (e.g. energy, water); 
• increased output requirements (e.g. waste treatment); and 
• increased prices of goods and services due to supply chain disruptions
Low/Medium Potential for reduced availability of insurance on assets in “high-risk” locations
Medium
Early investment in efficiency, resiliency, and low-carbon solutions could yield ben-
efits including reduced risk exposure to future fossil fuel price increases and lower 
sensitivity to increased carbon pricing 
Medium Investment in green resort attributes and engagement of guests in sustainability 
programs could offer a competitive edge in gaining guest preference

Page 33:
IMPACT ON STRATEGY AND PLANNING 
We review our business strategy and risk management approach to 
incorporate climate risk considerations. We undertake portfolio-wide 
risk assessments for our existing portfolio as well as pipeline projects 
for resort ownership and/or operations. Assessment is used to identify 
climate-related risks and opportunities for incorporating resiliency 
in long-term planning of our assets and capital budgeting. We carry 
substantial insurance protection that covers our entire portfolio 
against extreme weather events and business interruption as part 
of our assessment and risk mitigation efforts. Through Playa Green, 
our emphasis on green certification and property-level sustainability 
initiatives strengthens the positioning of our resorts in response 
to increasing customer demand for sustainable lodging options. 
Our acquisition and asset portfolio optimization strategy takes into 
consideration relevant climate-related risks and associated costs for 
addressing such concerns. We work closely with local governing bodies 
to share best practices and encourage policy enactment and changes 
that are aligned with addressing local climate risks. 
Some examples of our energy and water efficiency projects implemented 
to mitigate climate-related risks include:
•   Use of electricity powered by methane gas from landfills, a 
renewable source of energy that helps to reduce carbon emissions 
associated with this potent greenhouse gas
•   Implementation of ASHRAE (American Society of Heating, 
Refrigerating & Air-Conditioning Engineers) utility efficiency 
measures based on findings of Mechanical Assessment reports
•   Overhaul of lighting to energy-efficient LED lighting 
•   Installation of light and HVAC sensors to reduce energy usage when 
rooms are unoccupied 
•   Investment in Reverse Osmosis plants so that seawater can be 
accessed and used as a water source
•   Installation of rainwater catchers and storage 
•   Installation of water saving faucets
•   Installation of water turbines to existing water pipes to 
generate electricity
•   Use of carbon dioxide as refrigerant in all refrigeration 
chambers which significantly improves energy efficiency 
•   Use of native or drought-tolerant landscaping to reduce 
irrigation needs
•   Installation of digital thermostats in guest rooms
Some examples of our biodiversity conservation efforts include:
•   Information on the historical and ecological value of local 
heritage and natural sites are shared with guests through 
information booklets and signages, and by our employees 
•   Responsible tourist behavior is shared with guests through 
our Code of Conduct for the Tourist at resorts including Hyatt 
Ziva Cancún
•   Our tour representatives at our Jamaican resorts are “Teams 
Jamaica Certified” to correctly inform and instruct guests on 
responsible interaction with the environment
•   At Jewel Paradise Cove, we provide “Nature Walk & Talk” tours 
to the guests to showcase and share about the biodiversity 
located within the resort, as well as responsible interaction 
guidelines
•   At Hyatt Ziva Los Cabos, signages are put up on the beach to 
educate guests on actions to be taken to protect sea turtles
•   Periodic activities that reduce the impact of operations on 
local biodiversity through cleaning activities at the beaches, 
mangroves/wetlands, and nesting areas for turtles
•   All resorts must comply with and follow Playa’s animal welfare 
procedures such as prohibition of activities that involve 
captive wildlife and avoiding the purchase of products made 
with parts of wild animals or tested on animals.
33


Page 34:
RESILIENCE OF STRATEGY, TAKING INTO ACCOUNT  
DIFFERENT SCENARIOS, INCLUDING A 2 DEGREE CELSIUS  
OR LOWER SCENARIO
Through the Paris Agreement, countries have committed to limit global 
warming to well below 2 degree Celsius from pre-industrial levels. The 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports that limiting 
global warming to 1.5 degree Celsius would be most preferable, but 
even then, there would be significant climate impacts.  Under a 1.5 
degree Celsius scenario, transition risks would be greater than under 
a 2 degree Celsius scenario since a more rapid transition may be 
accompanied by tough government mandates and regulations. 
On the other hand, a 2 degree Celsius scenario would involve 
more significant physical risks, such as more drastic extreme 
weather events. The Company considers these possible scenarios 
and evaluates climate-related risks and opportunities across 
the following timeframes: Short-term (<3 years), Medium-
term (3-7 years), and Long-term (>7 years). We will continue to 
monitor and review the changing circumstances, including the 
regulatory landscape, and take appropriate actions to continue 
enhancing our climate resilience.
34


Page 35:
RISK MANAGEMENT 
PROCESS FOR IDENTIFYING AND ASSESSING  
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS
 
The ESGC is responsible for the oversight of the process to identify, 
assess, plan and respond to climate-related risks and opportunities that 
may impact our Company performance, asset preservation, associate 
health and well-being, and investor engagement. We assess various 
sustainability risks through a process of data collection, modelling, and 
analysis in consideration of climate, water, biodiversity, socioeconomic, 
and regulatory risks. We carry out portfolio-wide and property-specific 
climate risk assessments, covering aspects of sea level rise, storm 
surges, flood, drought, water scarcity, utility cost increase, biodiversity 
impacts on protected areas and endangered species, wildfire, long term 
changes in precipitation and temperature, and policy and regulation as 
part of transition risks. These climate risk assessments are presented to 
the ESGC as part of the ESGC’s oversight responsibilities.
 
Our risk assessment process incorporates sustainability risks 
into company strategy and identifies & prioritizes sites that 
are high risk. Given our footprint across several countries and 
regions, we aim to incorporate best practices to anticipate 
regulatory changes and adjust our operations accordingly with 
emphasis on risks and changes that are estimated to be highly 
likely in the short-medium term, pose potentially serious 
consequences if left unaddressed, or provide favorable return 
on investment characteristics. Additionally, we strive to advance 
our human rights performance by assessing human rights risks 
and mitigating impacts through appropriate measures across 
our operations.
PROCESSES FOR MANAGING CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS 
35
TIME FRAME CLIMATE RISKS CLIMATE OPPORTUNITIES
Short  
& Medium Term
PHYSICAL
•  Increased frequency and severity of extreme  
weather events
• Variability in weather patterns
• Degradation in ecosystems
TRANSITION
•   Changing customer behavior 
• Increased stakeholder concern 
•  Conduct regular preventive maintenance as 
part of risk mitigation strategy
•  Develop emergency response plans and 
conduct related training for employees
•  Invest in efficiency, resiliency, and low-carbon 
solutions
•  Invest in insurance to mitigate risks from 
extreme weather events
•  Engagement of guests and employees in 
sustainability programs
•  Integrate of climate-related issues within 
business strategy reviews and operational 
meetings 
Long Term
PHYSICAL
•   Rising mean temperatures
• Rising sea levels
•  Changes in precipitation patterns and extreme 
variability in weather patterns
TRANSITION
•   Increased pricing of GHG emissions
• Increased cost of raw materials
• Costs to transition to lower emissions technology
•  Mandates on and regulation of existing products  
and services (e.g. green building requirements)
•  Enhanced emissions-reporting obligations  
(e.g. ESG disclosure requirements)
•  Customer preferences, demands, and expectations 
for decarbonized travel
•  Evaluate risk profile of a potential asset, 
including climate-related risks, prior to 
acquisition 
•  Monitor risk profile of existing assets, 
including climate-related risks, and optimize 
portfolio by identifying and implementing 
relevant mitigation and adaptation measures, 
prioritizing “high-risk” locations
•  Monitor and ensure compliance with climate-
related regulations on an ongoing basis
•  Strengthen partnerships with vendors for 
sustainability  
•  Partake in local sustainability initiatives to 
boost destination sustainability

Page 36:
INTEGRATION INTO OVERALL RISK 
MANAGEMENT 
The Company’s ERMP was established to oversee overall risk 
management across the Company. The program is managed by the RMC, 
a cross-functional team comprising of executives from Finance, IT, and 
Development. In conjunction with the ESGC, the RMC completes a review 
and strategic planning session of climate-related risk and opportunities. 
The results of the ERMP Risk Assessment review with senior management 
are presented to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors annually. 
Similar to the process to identify risks, the ESGC then works with various 
departments including Operations, Engineering, Legal, Finance, and 
Development to manage climate-related risks. 
In 2022, the Company created Playa Cares ™, a Corporate Sustainability 
Management system, which is built on the 4 strategic pillars of 
Sustainable Tourism established by the Global Sustainable Tourism 
Council (GSTC), allowing the Company to align programs and initiatives 
with global efforts to change the tourism industry into a driver of 
sustainable development. Playa Cares™ is organized into 12 programs, 7 
of which either directly or indirectly address climate-related risks: Water 
and Energy Management, Waste Management, Sustainable Supply 
Chain, Climate Change, Ecosystems Flora and Fauna, Legal Compliance, 
and Building and Renovation.
In addition, Playa’s Corporate Quality department will propose medium 
and long-term actions for the decarbonization of the company’s 
operations once the scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions inventories have been 
completed, as well as the analysis of risks in the face of climate change 
phenomena. 
SCOPE 1 AND 2 GHG EMISSIONS 
More detailed and historical data can be found in our ESG performance tables online. 
36
2022 GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS
(MT CO2E)
GHG EMISSIONS PER SQUARE METERS
(KG CO2E)
Scope 1 36,217 45
Scope 2 67,558 84
Total Scope 1 + Scope 2 103,775 129
METRICS USED
1. GHG Emissions
• Total GHG Emissions
• Total Scope 1 Emissions
• Total Scope 2 Emissions
• GHG Emissions Intensity
2. Energy 
• Total Energy Consumption
• Total Direct Energy Consumption
• Total Indirect Energy Consumption
• Energy Usage Intensity
•  Percentage of energy produced or procured from renewables
• Percentage of energy sourced from grid electricity
3. Water
• Total Water Consumption
• Water Consumption per occupied room
•  Percentage of the portfolio in regions with High or Extremely 
High Baseline Water Stress (by floor area)
4. Waste
• Total Waste Generated
• Total Waste Diverted
• Total Waste Landfilled
• Non-diverted waste Intensity
• Waste Diversion Rate
5. Additional Metrics Monitored
•  Investments and corresponding estimated annual savings 
from projects to reduce energy and carbon emissions
•  Portfolio-wide and property-specific forecasted variances in 
temperature and precipitation, relative risk levels of sea level 
rise, drought, and flood
•  Proximity to IUCN protected areas, endangered species 
habitats, and wildfires
•  Social determinants of well-being in and around a 
community, including factors related to air pollution

