Page 1:
 

Page 2:
Table of contents
3 Foreword
4 Our company
5 Our business
6 General approach to sustainability
14 Environment
15 Facts and figures
16 Environmental responsibility
29 Social
30 Facts and figures
31 Investing in people
49 Serving society
57 Governance
58 Facts and figures
59 Ensuring business with integrity
61 Sustainable procurement
67 Human rights
67 Business ethics
70 Data and cyber security
71 Tax
73 EU Taxonomy
81 Annex
81 Assurance report of the independent auditor
85 Detailed tax disclosure (country-by-country reporting)
94 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index
97 GRI content index
106 TCFD index
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 2

Page 3:
2023 reminded us once again that we inhabit a world beset by concurrent 
challenges—environmental, social, and political—that impact us all. As an 
international corporation and a global leader in life sciences and molecular 
diagnostics, QIAGEN is uniquely positioned and deeply committed to helping 
shape a sustainable future. We prioritize and invest in environmental, social, 
and governance (ESG) matters because they positively impact the way we do 
business and ultimately benefit our stakeholders, including our customers and 
QIAGENers. Our ESG commitments are focused on building better business 
practices rather than simply meeting regulatory requirements. Our vision of 
“Making improvements in life possible” compels us to advance science, 
improve patient outcomes, and give vulnerable populations better access to 
healthcare. This sustainability report not only outlines the significant progress 
we have made in 2023 in fulfilling our ESG commitments. It also illuminates 
the path that lies ahead and recognizes the ~6,000 QIAGENers who dedicate 
unwavering effort to the progress of society. 
Protecting the environment 
Climate change is a critical global issue, which puts environmental 
conservation and climate action at the forefront of our initiatives. We have set 
ambitious targets to minimize our impact on the planet, including reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions and plastic usage, conserving water and minimizing 
waste.
The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has validated our near and long-
term emission reduction targets of a 42% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2030 and net zero by 2050. We also reduced our Scope 1 and 
2 emissions by 15% and our plastic usage by 7% in 2023. ISO-certification 
remains integral to our environmental sustainability strategy, and we have now 
obtained the Environmental Management System (EMS) ISO 14001 
certification for our Hilden, Germany site. 
Empowering our people and improving global health equity 
To overcome present and future challenges, we need to innovate and 
collaborate, and we can’t do that effectively without a diverse and inclusive 
workforce. At QIAGEN, we strive to provide equal opportunities for all 
employees to develop their talents and contribute effectively. In 2023, we 
achieved our goal of having women hold 36% of leadership roles (up from 
35% in 2022) and launched our new Community ‘Mosaic’ to celebrate ethnic 
diversity within our organization. 
Beyond our international operations, we’re committed to making sure that 
global communities in need have access to our products and solutions. Since 
its launch, over 100 million of our QuantiFERON-TB Gold Plus have been 
distributed across 130 countries worldwide. 
We also provided humanitarian assistance and disaster relief to Ukraine, 
Libya, Türkiye and Syria in the form of product and financial donations. 
Ethical governance 
We strive to meet the highest standards of ethical conduct and ensure 
transparency, accountability, and integrity in all we do. In 2023, we focused 
on sustainable procurement by crafting a new Supplier Code of Conduct, 
establishing a Human Rights Committee, and training 100% of our 
procurement employees, among other actions. 
We collaborated with our suppliers to design a joint strategy for realizing our 
climate commitments and engaged with our customers to identify sustainability-
focused best practices in research.
We are proud of the progress QIAGEN has made so far, and do not intend to 
relent. The actions we take today will shape the future of our planet and 
society. Let us work together to build a more sustainable business that not only 
serves our stakeholders but also contributes positively to the world. 
Thierry Bernard, Chief Executive Officer
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 3
Foreword

Page 4:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 4
Our company
2023 sales
$1.97 billion
A global company with scale
47%53%
12%88%
Balanced customer markets Highly recurring revenues business
Market Customers
>$11 billion >500,000
Total addressable market Customers worldwide
52%
32%
16%
Americas
EMEA
Asia-Pacific / Japan
Life Sciences Instruments
Molecular Diagnostics Consumables and Related Revenues

Page 5:
Our business
Our business - profile and business model
As a leading provider of Sample to Insight solutions, we realize our vision of 
making improvements in life possible by supporting our global customers across 
the molecular diagnostic and life science markets. Our products are used to 
advance science and improve outcomes for patients around the world. We are 
committed to being a sustainable business and consider the views of our 
stakeholders – customers, employees, authorities, regulators, suppliers, and 
shareholders – in how we operate. Through initiatives such as reducing plastics 
and developing products with a lower environmental impact, we uphold our 
commitment to sustainability throughout our business activities and product 
lifecycle. Details about our business, operating environment and products are 
included in the section Business and Operating Environment in the Annual 
Report, which is published on our webpage. 
Building a sustainable business
Since 2017, we have focused on integrating sustainability throughout the entire 
value chain and aligning our vision with a sustainable business which includes 
reducing our impact on the environment and minimizing the carbon footprint of 
our products. Our key strategic sustainability activities target increasing the 
number of women in leadership positions, reducing our emissions, avoiding 
cyber security incidents, and ensuring a consistent 100% completion rate for 
new employee compliance trainings and the commitment of our strategic 
suppliers to sustainable improvement goals.
Global presence with a focus on the most attractive developed 
and emerging markets
Shipping product to Direct sales in
>170 >30
Countries Countries
Our global and regional 
headquarters
 Global presence
Venlo, Global HQ
Hilden, EMEA HQ
Germantown, Americas HQ
Shanghai, China HQ
Singapore, Asia HQ
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 5
Our company

Page 6:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 6
Our company
2023 Achievements
Environmental
7%
plastic reduction from 2022
Social
36%
of women in leadership
Governance
~8,000
compliance training courses 
completed
Goals
37%
Strategic suppliers 
further developed
of woman in leadership in 
2024
towards climate goal 
achievement
SBTi approved near-term and net-zero targets*
2027 2030 2050
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions Scope 1, 2 and 3
67% -42% Net-zero 
of our suppliers by emission 
with sustainable engagement 
goals
Scope 3 GHG emissions 
(business travel, use of sold 
products and end-of-life 
treatment of sold products)
across the value chain 
-25%
*from a 2020 base year

Page 7:
General approach to sustainability
Sustainability governance 
Aligning the QIAGEN vision with sustainable business
QIAGEN plays a vital role in helping to advance our understanding about the 
building blocks of life – DNA, RNA, and proteins. Our products are used to 
advance science and improve outcomes for patients around the world. This is 
underscored by our vision of “making improvements in life possible”, which 
extends to our commitment of being a sustainable business ensuring that we do 
not negatively impact our environment, community or society as a whole. We 
take into consideration the views of our stakeholders in making decisions on the 
way to operate our business. Our approach to sustainability is to consider our 
actual or potential positive and negative impacts throughout each area of our 
business. In line with our vision of making improvements in life possible, we 
have a commitment to deliver the best possible portfolio of product and services 
while leaving the smallest possible footprint on our planet. From whom we 
source to how we produce, we approach each step with the intention to do so 
in a sustainable way. We know our people are our most critical asset and we 
care about them - from their working environment to career development and 
opportunity. We aim to attract and retain talents that contribute to our vibrant 
workforce and our culture of empowerment.
Sustainability anchored in two-tier corporate governance 
structure
The Nomination & Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Committee, a 
dedicated Supervisory Board Committee, oversees the strategy, development 
and performance measurements of our sustainability initiatives. The strength of 
the committee lies in the extensive leadership experience of its current members, 
as each one of them has served as either the CEO or CFO of publicly listed 
companies. (Refer to the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report 
and our website for more details, including the Nomination & ESG Committee 
charter.) Their background equips them with a profound understanding of the 
intricate business implications associated with sustainability targets, the 
imperative need for effective risk management, and the comprehensive 
reporting requirements spanning both financial and non-financial domains. The 
Nomination & ESG Committee reviews the operational activities of the 
Corporate ESG Committee, a cross-functional team with representatives from 
across the Company. The Corporate ESG Committee is led by our Head of ESG 
Strategy & Impacts Programs under the supervision of the Executive Committee. 
This Committee formulates and secures approval for our sustainability strategy 
and actively drives its implementation throughout the year. Additionally, a key 
responsibility of the Corporate ESG Committee is to inform the Audit Committee 
and Nomination & ESG Committee about new or updated regulatory 
requirements, such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), 
the EU Taxonomy and the German Supply Chain Act. In October 2023, the 
Corporate ESG Committee conducted a regulatory update with the Audit and 
Nomination & ESG Committees and instructed attendees on the relevant 
requirements from these three upcoming regulations. This update served to 
equip the Supervisory Board with the necessary information to guide their role 
in overseeing the effectiveness of internal controls and the risk management 
system pertaining to sustainability reporting. The Executive Committee receives 
updates on the progress of the implementation of the sustainability strategy and 
on regulatory changes on a quarterly basis while the Supervisory Board is 
informed of these updates at least twice a year. In 2023, the Corporate ESG 
Committee met with the Nomination & ESG Committee twice to review and 
approve the sustainability strategy and the implementation plan, including 
reporting.
The significance of sustainability within QIAGEN is firmly embedded in our 
culture and linked through the compensation system, wherein ESG objectives 
are incorporated into the annual Team Goals. These goals serve as the 
foundation for a substantial portion of variable short-term incentive 
compensation for our global workforce and the Managing Board. In 
acknowledgment of the paramount importance of sustainability, we have 
elevated the weight and influence of these objectives in line with our 
sustainability aspirations, a commitment that aligns with our broader promises 
on ESG matters.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 7
Our company

Page 8:
Risk management and internal controls over sustainability 
reporting
Our risk management approach is discussed under section Risks and Risk 
Management in the Annual Report, available on our website. To ensure that 
newly established sustainability topics are integrated into the risk management 
approach, specialized teams were collaboratively formed in 2023 comprised 
of representatives from the owners of material topics and the ESG Reporting 
team. These teams included experts from global functions such as Accounting, 
ESG, U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) Reporting, and Corporate 
Communications. During the 2023 reporting process, provided guidance by 
these teams on process requirements was applied by all owners of material 
topics and documented accordingly, including applicable reviews.
Reporting boundaries
The basis of our Sustainability reporting is defined in the EU Non-financial 
Reporting Directive (2014) and the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (in effect since 2024), including the EU Taxonomy (partially in effect 
since 2022), and the proposed EU Sustainability Reporting Standards (in effect 
since 2024). The Sustainability reporting has also been aligned with the 
guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and has been prepared in 
accordance with the GRI Standards. We also take into account the relevant 
requirements of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for the 
Medical Equipment & Supplies industry. Where possible, we follow the 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD). The Annex contains the relevant indexes. 
 
Committed to the Sustainable Development Goals
As a global company, QIAGEN supports the Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) of the United Nations (UN). The SDGs identify starting points for policy-
makers, businesses and private individuals worldwide to tackle the major 
challenges of our time - from resource consumption and global inequality to 
climate change. The 17 SDGs and the 169 targets were adopted by all UN 
member states in 2015 in what is termed the “Agenda 2030.” Companies can 
make a major contribution to the implementation of the SDGs due to their 
influence on the environment and society in many ways – from production to 
distribution of products, the actions and behaviors of employees, and 
cooperations with partners, suppliers and customers along the supply chain. 
We are aware of this responsibility and want to make an impactful contribution 
to the SDGs that can be influenced by our business activities.
Looking at the impact of our business activities on sustainable development, we 
have identified five SDGs where QIAGEN can contribute the most:
• SDG 3 Good Health and Well Being 
• SDG 5 Gender Equality 
• SDG 8 Decent Work and Economic Growth 
• SDG 12 Responsible Consumption and Production
• SDG 13 Climate Action
We value this alignment and the way our use of technology, resources and 
knowledge contributes to the United Nation's global mission of achieving the 
SDGs. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 8
Our company

Page 9:
Validation of carbon emissions targets
Our carbon emissions targets have now been validated by the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi), endorsing our ambition to honor the Paris Agreement’s 
climate goals. 
The SBTi is a global body that enables companies to set ambitious emissions 
reductions targets in line with the latest climate science. The initiative is a 
collaboration between the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the United Nations 
Global Compact, the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide 
Fund for Nature (WWF), and one of the We Mean Business Coalition 
commitments. The SBTi defines and promotes best practice in science-based 
target setting, offers resources and guidance to reduce barriers to adoption, 
and independently assesses and approves companies’ targets. We are seeking 
to achieve net-zero status by 2050 by cutting direct and indirect emissions 
throughout our operations. We disclose our strategy to meet our targets in the 
Environment chapter under the section Minimize carbon footprint.
Our material topics
In 2023, we focused on reviewing the material topics of our last materiality 
analysis conducted in 2022 and on aligning them with upcoming European 
regulatory requirements induced by the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD). We assessed actual and potential impacts as well as financial 
risks and opportunities in relation to the management of QIAGEN´s material 
topics. Based on our assessment, we identified the following material topics:
Environment
Minimize carbon footprint Reduce, replace and recycle plastic
Social
Employee attraction and development Diversity & inclusion
Occupational health and safety Quality and product safety
Customer satisfaction Access to healthcare
Governance
Governance and compliance Data and cyber security
More detailed information in connection with the respective material topics is 
reported in this Sustainability Report in subsequent chapters. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 9
Our company

Page 10:
Regular 
updates and 
information 
exchange
Nomination & ESG Committee
Executive Committee
Corporate ESG Committee
Environmental responsibility Serving society Investing in people Ensuring business with integrity
ESG goals
Reduction 
of our plastic 
footprint
Implementation 
of short-term 
climate strategy
Improving Access to Healthcare 
and our customers' experiences
Maintain compliant QIAGEN 
Quality Systems to assure safe and 
effective QIAGEN Products
Fostering a positive work environment, 
attract, develop and retain talent 
and increase percentage of women 
in leadership positions
Implementation of compliance 
program and supplier risk assessment
Material topics
Reduce, reuse 
and recycle plastic
Minimize 
carbon 
footprint
Access to 
healthcare
Product 
quality
Customer 
satisfaction
Diversity 
and 
inclusion
Occupational 
health and 
safety
Employee 
attraction 
and 
development
Data and 
cyber security
Governance 
and compliance
Following the outcomes of the 2022 materiality analysis, we undertook a 
strategic reconfiguration of our Corporate ESG Committee, which was further 
refined in 2023. This restructuring served to enhance the coordination of 
individual topics under the oversight of global leaders appointed for each 
material aspect. These leaders assume responsibility for both crafting the 
strategy and translating it into tangible metrics, collaborating closely with their 
designated teams. In a series of subsequent workshops, and in conjunction with 
specialist departments, these global leaders conducted a thorough analysis of 
the maturity levels associated with each material topic. This analysis laid the 
foundation for the meticulous development of concrete roadmaps and action 
plans geared towards attaining our sustainability objectives and ensuring 
compliance with regulatory mandates. This strategic approach reflects our 
commitment to a comprehensive and systematic advancement in meeting our 
sustainability goals. In 2023, under the newly organized focus, the Corporate 
ESG Committee maintained this commitment by reviewing action plans and 
prioritizing the nature and extent of the work depending on the maturity level of 
a material topic. Examples of this work included efforts to establish or enhance 
their management approach for handling identified risks. Additionally, they 
undertook actions such as finalizing the documentation of related processes 
and policies including formalizing standard operating procedures. The maturity 
of the material topics will be reviewed on an annual basis and revalidated 
against current sustainability regulations and their implications for our 
sustainability strategy and governance. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 10
Our company

Page 11:
At a glance: Goals and achievements 
2023 Goal (short-term)** 2023 Achievement Outlook (mid- to long-term)** Chapter
Environmental responsibility 
SBTi target validation Targets validated Net-zero by 2050 Minimize carbon footprint
4.2% or 866 tCO2e Scope 1 and 2 emission reduction 
(2020 baseline year)
15% or 3,156 tCO2e emission 
reduction over 2022
42% emission reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions by 2030
Scope 3 data improvement • Top seller data analyzed
• Top seller circularity screening
• Customer survey on waste 
25% emission reduction scope 3.6, 3.11, 3.12 until 
2030
80% of suppliers by spend with 1 environmental and 1 social 
goal 
80% 67% of suppliers by emission with sustainable 
engagement goals 2027
Science Based Target 
initiative (SBTi) validation;
Partnerships with suppliers
7% plastic transport packaging (2022 baseline)* 7% Increase of product recyclability Reduce, replace and recycle 
plastic
Investing in people 
Minimum of 1 Top Employer Recognition Award per region >1 per region Be the industry employer of choice by attracting, 
developing and retaining diverse top talent.
Employee satisfaction and 
retention
≥36% Women in leadership* 36% ≥40% Women in leadership positions by 2027 Diversity & inclusion
Obtain the "Equality 100 Award: Leader in LGBTQ+ 
Workplace Inclusion" from Human Rights Campaign 
100% Build upon the current environment to further empower 
and value every employee. 
<0.9 DART (per 100 employees)*
Reduced number of Incidents that result in Days Away, 
Restricted and Transferred work 
0.43 Working towards ISO certification at key manufacturing 
sites to progressively elevate our safety culture and 
performance
Occupational health and 
safety
Serving society 
100% of certified manufacturing sites 100% Continuous monitoring and improvement of our 
processes to ensure effectiveness and efficiency of our 
Quality Management System (QMS). 
Quality and product safety
<0.5 external audit non-conformance rate <0.5
>63 NPS-T Service score 68.8 Exceeding the expectations of our customers in 
continually assessing their satisfaction with the help of 
the Net Promoter Score (NPS) methodology
Customer satisfaction
Ensuring business with integrity
>85% cyber security awareness training ~85% Increase QIAGEN's cyber resilience. Certify QIAGEN’s 
main production location under ISO 27001
Data and cyber security
Regulatory sustainability trainings for the management and 
supervisory board
Regulatory update conducted. In-depth 
trainings concept developed. 
Implementation of educational trainings program and 
continuous update from 2024 onwards
Sustainability governance
*Team Goals **QIAGEN differentiates as follows: short-term = 1 year, mid-term = 2-5 years, long-term = more than 5 years.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 11
Our company

Page 12:
Stakeholder engagement
We regard dialogue with our stakeholders as a central element in our 
development and the achievement of our long-term vision. We are aware that 
the shift toward a more sustainable economy and society requires intensive 
dialogue and cooperation with various stakeholder groups. We welcome this 
engagement and see these discussions as a way to identify important trends 
and developments in society and in our business fields. We take the outcomes 
of these discussions into account when shaping our business strategy as well as 
our sustainability agenda and objectives. 
Engaging with the financial community is an essential aspect of our growth 
strategy. Creating a solid relationship with investors and analysts enables us to 
build trust and transparency, fostering understanding and dialogue while 
enhancing credibility. We regularly communicate and provide financial 
updates, host investor calls, and attend a series of conferences and industry 
events each year. These discussions include operational topics as well as 
opportunities to discuss our ESG strategy, access to healthcare and corporate 
governance topics. These activities can help attract and retain investors, 
maintain an active market for our stock, and ultimately support our long-term 
success.
In 2023, we took strides in fostering collaboration with our suppliers to develop 
a joint strategy aimed at realizing our climate commitments. As part of this 
process, we performed a maturity assessment of our suppliers to identify their 
environmental ambitions. The maturity assessment included a letter of our 
sustainability commitment from our Head of Global Procurement and a detailed 
questionnaire around the suppliers' ability to measure their emissions and meet 
environmental standards. We also included an information package on our 
SBTi commitment and our connected goals, together with the result of our 
analysis on the suppliers' current maturity level. Furthermore, we conducted 
Q&A sessions during strategic review meetings with suppliers. The results of the 
maturity assessments were used to derive an action plan for 2024 with the goal 
to jointly define a plan to further develop ambitious climate-connected 
commitments and achievements. Additionally, a risk assessment was initiated 
internally that extends beyond our environmental goals, encompassing human 
rights considerations. We formally integrated our ESG strategy with the 
publication of a new Supplier Code of Conduct in February 2023. The new 
Code of Conduct expresses our expectations towards our suppliers and its 
rollout was followed by a partner letter sent in April 2023 by our Head of 
Procurement, encouraging our suppliers to jointly work on our goals for climate 
action. Read more in the Governance chapter under section Sustainable 
procurement.
In June 2023, we engaged with our customers to identify best practices for 
more sustainability in research, opting to cover this topic in one of our live Q-
rious shows. This digital format involves information sharing through live video 
presentation and moderation and discussions in live chats. In this episode, we 
discussed practical eco-friendlier lab practices; options to reduce waste – from 
packing to products; understanding the ‘Environmental Impact Factor Label’, 
and what sustainability means to us as scientists striving to be experts in 
sustainability. In the same month, we invited diagnostic customers from 
Germany, Austria and Switzerland to a summer camp at our Hilden site to 
discuss, among other topics, clinical applications of next-generation 
sequencing, changes in the regulatory In vitro Diagnostic (IVDR) requirements, 
and sustainability aspects in the laboratory.
Internally, our volunteer-led employee communities actively engaged to promote 
diversity and inclusion through a series of events and activities during the year. 
In October 2023, a panel discussion was held on “Thriving in the workplace 
with disabilities” to provide insight and guidance how to navigate work and life 
with mental health challenges and invisible disabilities. In December 2023, an 
event was held allowing discussions around indigenous Americans, and how 
QIAGEN is supporting initiatives to end violence against tribal women. This 
was accompanied by Orange Day awareness events in December at some of 
our sites, as well as in-person and virtual events on International Women´s Day. 
Additionally, several events were hosted by QIAwomen throughout the year to 
encourage and support women in the workplace by offering networking 
opportunities, highlighting resources available to sustain a work-life balance, 
and hosting panel discussions on navigating challenges and opportunities for 
women.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 12
Our company

Page 13:
In 2023, we incorporated an internal evaluation of our ESG performance into 
our anonymous employee "pulse check", an annual survey sent to all 
employees seeking to assess corporate and management-related decisions. The 
response to the assessment of our ESG performance yielded a score of nearly 4 
on a scale ranging from 1 to 5, where 5 represents the highest evaluation. This 
metric serves to provide a robust benchmark, allowing us to systematically 
collect and incorporate valuable insights into our ESG activities shared by our 
employees. By standardizing and documenting this feedback, we aim to further 
enhance the effectiveness and transparency of our ESG initiatives. 
Stakeholder group Formats of engagement Topics we engage on
Employees Annual strategic kick-off meetings, Quarterly Pulse Check for feedback, ESG 
awareness, management and regulatory trainings, monthly internal posts on 
sustainability, regular one-on-one review sessions, 180° feedback process, surveys, 
events and webinars. (e.g., sustainability, diversity & inclusion) 
Health & safety, culture, inclusion & diversity, innovation, employee 
development, company strategy and organizational topics
Customers Surveys (e.g., on sustainability, customer satisfaction), QIAquest After Support Survey, 
web chat, service portal with 24/7 follow-up, conferences, trade fairs, roadshows, 
bilateral engagement, production tours, VIP days in our facilities, questionnaires (e.g., 
EcoVadis), hosted infotainment shows
ESG strategy and targets, decarbonization, minimizing plastics, 
quality, and product safety
Shareholders and the financial 
community
Quarterly reports and quarterly earnings calls, Annual Report, live broadcast of all 
parts of the Annual General Meeting with access to appointed proxies in advance of 
the meeting, regular roadshows and calls, investor relations website 
ESG strategy and targets, access to healthcare, and corporate 
governance topics 
Suppliers Agreeing on supplier engagement goals, risk assessment, strategic reviews, supplier 
days, workshops, bilateral engagement, initiatives, video conferences including 
employees, trainings 
Sustainability performance, quality and product safety, responsible 
sourcing standards, climate commitment, scope 3 accounting 
General society and local 
communities
Digital QIAtalk format on Integrating TB Elimination and Pandemic Preparedness. 
Industry-specific forums and conferences, proactive communication with local and 
national press, local community engagement, engagement in more than 50 joint 
healthcare projects in more than 30 countries. 
Access to healthcare, business support
Banks and financial institutions Mandatory reporting and information (e.g., Annual Report, non-financial reporting), 
bilateral meetings
Sustainability performance, ESG-linked financing
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 13
Our company

Page 14:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 14
Approach to 
environmental 
protection
We make considerable investments into improving our 
environmental performance, striving to prevent or mitigate 
negative impacts from our business activities, products, or 
services. Our priority is implementing effective measures to 
comply with regulations, protecting the environment, and 
avoiding reputational damage or financial loss.
84%
of electricity purchased from green 
tariffs
100%
renewable energy for main production 
sites in Germantown and Hilden
15%
scope 1 and 2 emission reduction 
over 2022

Page 15:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 15
Environment
Facts & figures
Water Climate
75% Net-zero by 2050
water use from low-risk water stress areas Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) 
validated emission reduction targets
Carbon Disclosure 
Project (CDP)
351,424 t o n s  C O ₂  e m i s s i o n
total carbon footprint for Scope 1 and 2 
(market-based) and Scope 3
submission on water-related qualitative 
and quantitative usage 107,167 MWh 
total energy consumption
Waste 100%
renewable energy for main 
production sites in Germantown 
and Hilden7%
plastic reduction in transportation 
packaging in 2023 compared to 2022 84%
of electricity purchased from green 
tariffs62%
less plastic and 58% less cardboard used 
for each kit in our QIAwave product 
portfolio
984 tons
total non-hazardous waste

Page 16:
Environmental responsibility
Approach to environmental protection
We make considerable investments into improving our environmental 
performance, striving to prevent or mitigate negative impacts from our business 
activities, products, or services. Our priority is implementing effective measures 
to comply with regulations, protecting the environment, and avoiding 
reputational damage or financial loss.
The Global Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Management System 
systematically applies processes and controls to safeguard our sustainability 
program globally and locally. This system ensures compliance with legislation, 
reduces environmental pollution, prevents inefficient use of natural resources, 
and aims to avoid environmental incidents. 
The Global EHS Department oversees our EHS strategy, policies, and risk 
controls. Our updated Environment, Health and Safety policy, effective since 
early 2023, commits to integrating sustainable principles in business decisions, 
operations, and products. This includes prioritizing conservation, pollution 
prevention, and reducing our carbon and plastic footprint. We promote end-to-
end sustainable development, working with partners to foster responsible 
practices throughout the supply chain.
In 2023, we developed new policies on climate, energy, and waste 
management. Global managers and on-site professionals implement the EHS 
framework, tailored to their business areas (manufacturing, research, sales and 
administration). The Head of Global EHS reports to the Senior Vice President, 
Head of Global Operations, a member of the Executive Committee, and 
contributes as a member to the Corporate ESG Committee and Climate 
Working Group, which ensures our long- and short-term environmental goals 
are aligned within the EHS management system. ISO certification is integral to 
our EHS strategy, with global alignment to ISO norms. We achieved ISO 
14001 certification in China for QIAGEN Shenzhen Co. Ltd in July 2023 and 
have obtained the Environmental Management System (EMS) ISO 14001 
certification for our Hilden, Germany site in March 2024.
Our corporate architecture guideline promotes green building standards. 
Wherever it is possible, we are aiming for green building certifications 
assessing the environmental sustainability and resilience of our commercial real 
estate. We also consider achieving LEED, BREEM or DGNB certified green 
buildings to underpin our ambitions to operate highly efficient and cost-saving 
buildings.
We achieved green building certifications at buildings in our major sites in 
Germany (Hilden), North America (Germantown, Maryland) and the U.K. 
(Manchester) under LEED or BREEAM. In 2023, we initiated a pilot project at 
our Stockach site in Germany to obtain a green building certification from the 
German Sustainable Building Council (DGNB). Upon success, we'll explore 
replicating this project at other sites. The new construction at our Frederick site 
in North America is set to be LEED certified in 2024.
Minimize carbon footprint
Climate strategy and value chain
 We recognize climate change as one of the most pressing global challenges, 
bringing with it risks such as extreme weather events, changes in regulations, 
and changes in customer needs and behavior. Operations could, for example, 
be negatively impacted by fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, 
components, freight and energy. New laws and regulations adopted in 
response to climate change could cause a further rise in energy prices, as well 
as the price of certain raw materials, components, packaging and 
transportation. Based on our 2022 materiality analysis, dialogue with our 
stakeholders and ESG ratings evaluations, we concluded that the majority of 
our internal and external stakeholders, including our employees and customers, 
are very conscious of environmental issues, including plastic consumption and 
the recyclability and durability of products. Among others, these factors 
influence our customers’ choice of supplier. As urgent action is required, we are 
committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions in line with the EU Paris-
Agreement.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 16
Environment

Page 17:
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions in line with a 
1.5 degree Celsius climate target
• Net-zero across our value chain by 2050
• GHG Emissions reduction targets validated by the 
Science Based Targets
• Switch to renewable energy 
• Implementation of site-specific eco-friendly technologies 
and improvement of Building Management System 
programs to reduce energy demand
3.3, 3b
Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) validation
In 2019, we began setting emission reduction goals, and in 2021 we 
committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in line with the most recent 
criteria set out by the SBTi. These targets have been validated and approved by 
the SBTi in 2023. The SBTi has assessed our near-term and net-zero targets 
against the SBTi's Net-Zero Standard Criteria and the SBTi Near-Term Target 
Criteria and Recommendations (Version 5). The SBTi target validation team has 
classified QIAGEN's Scope 1 and 2 target ambition and has determined that it 
is in line with a 1.5°C trajectory. Our approved targets are:
• Overall Net-Zero Target: We commit to reach net-zero greenhouse gas 
emissions (GHG) across the value chain by 2050 from a 2020 base year. 
• Near-Term Targets: We commit to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions 42% by 2030 from a 2020 base year. We also commit to 
reducing our absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions from business travel, use of 
sold products, and end-of-life treatment of sold products by 25% within the 
same timeframe. We further commit that 67% of our suppliers by emissions 
covering purchased goods and services, capital goods and upstream 
transportation and distribution will have science-based targets by 2027. 
• Long-Term Targets: We commit to reduce absolute Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG 
emissions 90% by 2050 from a 2020 base year. 
After analyzing GHG emissions from key assets and products (locked-in GHG 
emissions), we found that our product disposal minimally contributes to Scope 3 
emissions, and emissions from product use represent an insignificant amount of 
the total. With potential natural gas consumption reduction through heat pumps 
and green electricity use, we determined that locked-in GHG emissions are not 
significant, posing no hindrance to our carbon roadmap or SBTi target 
achievement.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 17
Environment

Page 18:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 18
Environment
Start fleet transition to 
electric cars U.S./Europe
Switch to green 
electricity at key sites
Launch first eco-friendlier 
product line QIAwave
New global 
car policy
Move to renewable 
heating in Hilden
Develop circular and 
sustainable design guidelines
Cooperate with customers to 
identify recycling options
Ongoing fleet transitions 
U.S./Europe
Switch further sites to 
green electricity
Increase bio-based or recycled 
content in products
Complete fleet transitions 
in U.S./Europe
Use renewable energy 
for all sites in scope
Launch sustainable design-
based products 
QIAGEN Carbon reduction roadmap

Page 19:
Impact, risk and opportunity management
As part of the Corporate ESG Committee, we formed a Climate Working 
Group with two teams: one team manages Scope 1 and 2 emissions, exploring 
site-specific eco-friendly technologies, considering carbon dioxide (CO2) 
pricing regulations, and assessing energy-related cost increases. The other team 
adopts a cross-functional approach to reduce Scope 3 emissions. We report 
our emissions throughout the entire value chain according to the requirements of 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol). The Scope 1 and 2 team 
comprises representatives from global and local EHS, Engineering, Technical 
Operations, and site management. The Scope 3 team is cross-functional, 
involving R&D, Life Cycle Management, Marketing, ESG, Procurement, Global 
Supply Chain, Controlling, and EHS, along with subject matter experts. Our 
Climate Policy outlines how climate-related targets and risks are handled, and 
the integration of the Climate Working Groups within the organization. 
Chaired by the Head of ESG Strategy & Impact Programs, the Climate Working 
Group reports progress quarterly to the Executive Committee and semi-annually 
to the Nomination & ESG Committee of the Supervisory Board. 
To proactively manage climate-related risks and their financial implications, 
we've incorporated climate impacts into our existing risk management structure, 
engaging QIAGEN internal key stakeholders throughout the organization. In 
2022, a thorough physical climate risk assessment was conducted for 13 key 
locations, prioritized by revenue or spending share. Results, reviewed in early 
2023 and approved by senior management, revealed no materialized physical 
climate risks. Our voluntary annual reporting to the Carbon Disclosure Project 
(CDP) was rated with an improved score from B- in 2022 to B in 2023.
Transition risk assessment, involving Emerging Regulation, Reputation, Market, 
Legal, and Technology, engaged the same stakeholders. The top two potential 
transition risks — reduced investment in green technology and slow adoption of 
modern technology — were identified. In 2023, we analyzed strategic 
implications and calculated abatement costs for Scope 1, 2, and 3, aligning 
this information with financial planning for energy-reduction projects.
While we currently do not integrate internal CO2 pricing into financial 
planning, our analysis suggests no imminent transition risks. In the coming 
months, we plan to refine our approach, transitioning from initial estimates to 
more precise expense calculations, enabling a reassessment of our stance on 
transition risks in 2024.
Management of Scope 1 and 2 emissions
Our Carbon Reduction Roadmap (CRM) targets a 42% cut in carbon emissions 
by 2030, focusing on Scope 1 and 2 emissions as published at 
www.qiagen.com/sustainability. Key measures include transitioning from gas 
to green electricity and using Energy Attributed Certificates (EAC). The CRM 
prioritizes our major manufacturing sites in Germany and the U.S., which 
contributed approximately 60% of related Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2023. 
To help achieve this, we've developed a tool to model changes in EAC 
availability. The installation of a wood pellet burner and heat pumps at our 
largest manufacturing site in Hilden, Germany, will significantly contribute to 
our carbon reduction projects. At our Germantown, Maryland site in the U.S., 
several Building Management System programs have been improved in order 
to reduce the energy demand for heating and cooling. These have also 
contributed to our carbon reduction projects.
Management of Scope 3 emissions
In 2023, we enhanced our Scope 3 emissions data model by incorporating a 
subset of mass- and volume-based data for our leading products. Our intention 
is to progressively augment this model with additional data to use it to focus our 
efforts on effective targets and measures. As part of this initiative, we performed 
a circularity assessment for one of our top-selling products, with a specific focus 
on assessing and improving recyclability. To further refine our data model we 
want to gain insights into customer waste streams. A survey will launch in early 
2024, guiding joint recycling options in selected regions, with results expected 
by mid-2024.
In 2023, strategic partnerships drove eco-design innovations in our product 
portfolio. Rethinking nucleic acid extraction kits led to a 62% reduction in 
plastic and up to 58% less cardboard in our QIAwave product portfolio. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 19
Environment

Page 20:
Collaborating with suppliers was crucial in meeting greenhouse gas reduction 
targets. Ongoing partnerships in 2024 aim to identify low-carbon materials 
and effective recycling solutions, reinforcing our commitment to sustainability.
Status 2023
In 2023, our Scope 1 and 2 emissions have decreased by 15% or 3,156 
tCO2e compared to 2022 as a result of expanded usage of green energy and 
relating Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) in the United States and China. 
Our total Scope 3 emissions increased by around 4% (13,053 tCO2e) in 2023 
over the year-ago period. 
As part of our continuous improvement process, comparison period results for 
scope 1 and 2 and certain scope 3 emissions have been adjusted to align with 
improved measurements and calculation methods applied in 2023.
The amount of our global spend of purchased goods and services (Scope 3.1) 
in 2023 was almost equal to 2022. However, we elected to refine our 
matching of suppliers to the spend-based emission factors as released by the 
Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (DBEIS). This refinement 
of classification led to updated emission distributions and, upon application, to 
an overall increase of Scope 3.1 emissions by almost 9%. This increase was 
partially offset by emission declines derived from Scope 3.4 (Transportation 
and distribution) and Scope 3.5 (Waste in operations). The carbon emissions 
within Scope 3.4 decreased in 2023 by 15% compared to 2022 and was 
driven by a decline of the total chargeable weight in 2023, in combination 
with changes in transportation routes. Our carbon emissions related to Scope 
3.5 (Waste in operations) declined by 59% in 2023. The decrease is due to 
improved reporting processes for waste volumes at several production sites. 
Our total corporate carbon footprint for 2023 amounts to 351,424 tCO2e, 
which is +2.9% or 9,897 tCO2e above the same period a year ago of 
341,527 tCO2e. 
Scope 3.11 and Scope 3.12 emissions categories have been modified to apply 
improved measurements and calculation methods for current year reporting and 
the prior year comparative period. Use phase of sold products emissions 
reported in Scope 3.11 are now better reflected through a metric that captures 
the volume of global instrumentation equipment sold. Emissions from end of life 
treatment of sold products, reported in Scope 3.12, are now more robustly 
aligned to underlying sales information included in our internal reporting data 
queries.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 20
Environment

Page 21:
The following table provides the detail of emissions for the years ended 
December 31, 2023 and 2022:
Corporate carbon footprint by emissions category (in tCO2e) 2023 2022
Change in tCO2e
2022 to 2023
Change in %
2022 to 2023
Scope 1: Direct emissions  13,375  13,908  (533)  -3.8 %
Scope 2: Indirect emissions  3,930  6,553  (2,623)  -40.0 %
Total Scope 1 and 2 (market based)  17,305  20,461  (3,156)  -15.4 %
Scope 3.1: Purchased goods and services  254,498  234,189  20,309  +8.7 %
Scope 3.3: Energy related activities  4,654  4,104  550  +13.4 %
Scope 3.4: Transportation and distribution  31,086  36,420  (5,334)  -14.6 %
Scope 3.5: Waste in operations  2,630  6,493  (3,863)  -59.5 %
Scope 3.6: Business travel  11,633  10,621  1,012  +9.5 %
Scope 3.7: Employee commuting  8,970  8,092  878  +10.9 %
Scope 3.11: Use phase of sold products  979  1,050  (71)  -6.8 %
Scope 3.12: End of life treatment of sold products  19,669  20,097  (428)  -2.1 %
Total Scope 3  334,119  321,066  13,053  +4.1 %
Total emissions  351,424  341,527  9,897  +2.9 %
Methodology
Overall, we apply the Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standards as 
outlined in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol) for the GHG 
emissions reporting. Hence, the consolidated GHG emissions include all 
emissions from subsidiaries where QIAGEN has financial control. 
Scope 1 covers direct Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions from the combustion 
of fossil fuels on the QIAGEN premises and by company vehicles.
Scope 2 covers indirect GHG emissions originating from the external 
generation of electricity for our operational and business activities. They are 
reported using both a location-based and market-based approach. A market-
based calculation method for Scope 2 emissions reflects emissions calculated 
with the energy source mix used by each of our sites and is our first priority. A 
location-based method reflects the average emissions intensity of grids on which 
energy consumption occurs and is only made when market-based is not 
available.
As sustainability reporting, including emissions, will be subject to mandatory 
limited assurance beginning in 2024, we engaged an independent audit firm 
to conduct a limited assurance review for Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the 
2023 reporting year in advance of the formal regulatory requirement. The 
assurance engagement was performed in accordance with the International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3410 “Assurance on Greenhouse 
Gas Statements” as issued by the International Auditing and Assurance 
Standards Board (IAASB).
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 21
Environment

Page 22:
Scope 3 covers upstream and downstream emissions that occur along our value 
chain. The sub-categories are reported separately in the table Corporate 
carbon footprint by emissions category shown above. 
To assist and inform our preparedness for the upcoming regulatory requirement 
of a limited assurance, in 2023, an independent audit firm confirmed our audit 
readiness of our processes for Scope 3 emissions.
We have considered emissions in the following categories as material to our 
operations: Scopes 3.1. (purchased goods and services), 3.3. (energy-related 
activities), 3.4. (upstream and downstream transportation and distribution), 3.5. 
(waste in operations), 3.6. (business travel), 3.7. (employee commuting), 3.11. 
(use phase of sold products) and 3.12. (end of life treatment of sold products). 
The energy data used to calculate Scope 1 and 2 emissions is shown in the 
Energy consumption by source table to the right.
Energy
Scope 1: Direct energy
Stationary combustion
Natural gas  41,160  38,233 
Diesel  207  11 
Heating oil  —  13 
Mobile combustion
Diesel  3,696  4,159 
Gasoline  15,126  13,682 
Total Scope 1 consumption  60,189  56,098 
Scope 2: Indirect energy
Electricity from conventional tariffs  6,971  12,990 
Electricity procurement from green tariffs  35,653  25,707 
Electricity from e-mobility  25  — 
Consumption from district heating and cooling  4,329  2,778 
Total Scope 2 consumption  46,978  41,475 
Total energy consumption (including 
green energy)  107,167  97,573 
Energy consumption by source
(in MWh) 2023 2022
Energy efficiency
Improving energy efficiency is a key part of our climate strategy and essential 
to meeting our SBTi target. We selected energy efficiency measures based on 
the Carbon Roadmap.
During 2023, we continued our energy efficiency campaign to create 
awareness for and understanding of our energy efficiency priorities. This 
campaign provided guidance on how all employees could contribute to our 
climate goals and identify creative solutions for energy efficiencies across the 
company, beyond facility improvements.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 22
Environment

Page 23:
Use of renewable energy
In 2023, our Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) purchased in 2022 remained 
valid for Hilden and Germantown. They are sourced from unspecified 
renewable electricity. Our sites in Sweden and in the Netherlands source their 
EACs from hydroelectric and wind turbines. Further we have expanded the 
usage of green energy in the United States and China by purchasing 
Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) to offset relating emissions in these 
regions. We will also transition other offices to renewable energy according to 
our CRM. In total, we use 84% of our purchased electricity from renewable 
sources. 
In addition to renewable energy certificates, the solar panels on the roof at our 
manufacturing site in Hilden produced 58 MWh in 2023 for our own 
operations and reduced our reliance on the electricity grid.
Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions intensity 2023 2022
Change in %
2022 to 
2023
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (in tCO2e)  17,305  20,461  -15.4 %
Net sales (in USD millions)  $1,965  $2,143  -8.3 %
Net GHG emissions intensity (tCO2e/
USD millions)  8.8  9.5  -7.8 %
Also this year, we continued to reduce the greenhouse gas (GHG) intensity 
compared to our sales and compared to 2022. We use the GHG intensity 
ratio, which looks at the amount of emissions (in tons carbon dioxide 
equivalent) in relation to our total net sales (in USD millions). In 2023, we have 
reduced the GHG intensity by 7.8% compared to the prior year. 
Electric company cars and employee commuting
In line with our emissions reduction strategy, we started to transition our fleet of 
company cars in the U.S., Germany, Switzerland, and Austria to use hybrid or, 
wherever possible, electric vehicles in 2022. During 2023, car fleet used for 
field services have been equipped with hybrid cars. For other areas electrical 
cars have been considered as a company car only.
The Benelux region and U.K. will transition to hybrid or electric vehicles in 
2024. At our U.S. facilities, employees are offered incentives to select hybrids 
and electric vehicles through an increased car allowance and a subsidized at-
home electric charger. We continue to expanding the necessary infrastructure 
for electric vehicles for employee use at our manufacturing site in Hilden, 
Germany. 
Many facilities provide discounted train and bus tickets to encourage 
employees to use public transportation. At our sites in Shenzhen, China, and 
Manila, Philippines, we offer bus shuttles to public transport stations. In Hilden 
and Manchester, we support commuting by subsidizing public transportation 
costs. In Hilden, an electric bike program was initiated to offer employees an 
alternative option of transportation.
Reducing our environmental footprint
• 7% transportation packaging reduction in 2023 
compared with 2022
• Circularity analysis of the QIAamp DNA Mini Kit with an 
accredited partner based on the Cradle to Cradle® 
Design Framework 
• Expansion of our plastic reduction strategy “reduce – 
replace – recycle” beyond our QIAwave product line and 
into other products
12.2, 12.5
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 23
Environment

Page 24:
Reduce, replace and recycle plastic
Plastic footprint reduction
While technical, regulatory, safety and hygiene standards requires us to use 
plastics in the production of many of our products as well as for transport and 
packaging, we are working to eliminate plastics wherever possible without 
compromising product quality. To curtail the adverse environmental impact 
caused by plastic in transport, packaging and products, we adopted a “reduce 
– replace – recycle” strategy.
In addition to enhancing environmental protection, our decision to minimize our 
use of plastic can provide greater autonomy, alleviating the risk exposure of 
higher costs due to plastic tax or regulatory changes. Our customers and 
shareholders expect us to invest in alternative material and act in harmony with 
long-term future-oriented and environmentally conscious solutions. We rely on 
our global cross-functional plastic footprint reduction team to identify 
opportunities to diminish plastic and explore more environmentally friendly 
alternative materials.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 24
Environment
Plastic footprint reduction
Reduce
Replace
Recycle
Reduction in total weight of transport 
packaging since 2020
-24.3% 
reduction
through 2023
2020 2021 2022 2023
0%
-7.4%
-13.1%
-24.3%


Page 25:
In 2023, we continued to follow up on our ambitious corporate goal to reduce 
plastic in transportation packaging materials and achieved our reduction goal 
of 7%, compared to 2022. This was realized by eliminating, reducing and 
replacing plastic with paper, cardboard or sustainable materials. Key initiatives 
in 2023 included further replacing packaging materials with sustainable 
alternatives and reducing the amount of plastic material. We invested in new 
winding equipment for pallet wrapping within our distribution hubs in Europe 
and the U.S. and drastically reduced the amount of stretch foil. In 2023, 
aligned with our strategy, we continued the roll-out of eco-friendly transport 
boxes in the U.S. and EMEA, replacing expanded polystyrene (EPS) transport 
boxes with cold chain shipments. In addition, we continue to consider the role 
of coordinating logistic processes and increasing the number of bulk shipments 
to further reduce our use of plastics. 
In 2024, we aim to further reduce plastic by 20t by expanding our plastic 
reduction strategy “reduce – replace – recycle” beyond our QIAwave product 
line into other products. Our project teams are working on the reduction of the 
thickness of primary plastic product packaging materials within the kits, while 
other project teams have implemented paper-based product packaging 
alternatives. We are also preparing a pilot project in which we will step into 
the use of bio-based plastic from renewal feedstock for some dedicated product 
parts. We are optimistic that the benefits of this alternative plastic will be a 
good option for our products and anticipate using the outcomes of this project 
to decide on the extent of future use.
In addition, we encourage our employees to act as drivers of increased 
sustainable awareness and to serve as a source for the creation of new ideas to 
reduce our reliance on plastic. The "Sustainable Teams“ voluntarily established 
across multiple sites have contributed toward our goals by successfully 
completing projects with the target of reducing operational waste at our sites. 
With the aim to reduce plastics in our products, we launched the eco-friendlier 
product line QIAwave in January 2022. In September 2023, we subsequently 
expanded its product range with additional kit variants for the simultaneous 
purification of DNA and RNA from cells and tissues, as well as RNA isolation 
with effective gDNA removal and kit sizes. The five QIAwave kits deliver the 
same high-quality genomic and plasmid DNA and RNA but produce less plastic 
and cardboard waste compared to our RNeasy Mini, RNeasy Plus Mini, 
DNeasy Blood & Tissue, AllPrep DNA/RNA Mini and QIAprep Spin Miniprep 
Kits. The QIAwave kits feature fewer components, waste tubes made from 
100% recycled plastic and buffer concentrates in smaller bottles. More compact 
kits and new packaging methods reduce the amount of cardboard needed, and 
instructions for use are available online in lieu of printed materials. QIAwave 
marks the beginning of our journey to translate sustainability directly to our 
products, and we will continue to pursue other opportunities to transfer 
identified best practices to other product portfolios as well. 
The QIAwave Kits are the first sample preparation kits in our industry to receive 
the prestigious ACT (Accountability, Consistency, and Transparency) 
Environmental Impact Factor Label from My Green Lab. Compared to the 
respective standard kits, the QIAwave DNA Blood & Tissue Kit (250), the 
QIAwave RNA Mini Kit (250) and the QIAwave Plasmid Miniprep Kit (250) 
launched in 2022 have a 36% lower environmental impact factor, taking 
criteria such as manufacturing, impact reduction, responsible chemical 
management, product and packaging content as well as disposal of packaging 
into account. Our next development steps aim to reduce plastic further by re-
designing the spin columns and waste tubes.
Circularity assessment for the QIAamp DNA mini Kit
A life cycle assessment (LCA) considers the environmental impact of the full life 
cycle of a product. This assessment considers the extraction and processing of 
raw materials, transport to the customer, the energy and material input required 
when using the product, transport to the disposal facility, and incineration of 
remaining materials. 
After an initial assessment in 2019, in 2021 we conducted an LCA with an 
increased scope in accordance with ISO 14040/14044 and certified by an 
independent third party (GUTcert). The LCA reconfirmed the environmental 
impacts within the entire life cycle of a QIAamp DNA Mini Kit, one of our best-
selling products, and one which is similar in composition and manufacturing 
process to other QIAGEN kits. The detailed report on the LCA can be found on 
our sustainability website.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 25
Environment

Page 26:
Based on the results, we received confirmation that plastic within our kits is the 
main contributor to our CO2 footprint. In 2023, we performed a further 
analysis of the amount and type of plastics contained in our top-selling products 
and additionally analyzed the circularity aspects of the QIAamp DNA Mini Kit 
in collaboration with an accredited external partner. This analysis was based 
on the Cradle to Cradle® Design Framework and revealed the potential to 
apply recycled or bio-based polyolefins (plastic components) as feedstock. After 
the use phase, the polyolefins are suitable for thermoplastic recycling and the 
paper and cardboard are suitable for municipal paper recycling. The results of 
the circularity assessment guide our journey to optimize Scope 3 emissions. 
With improved data, we are now able to measure the impact of reducing 
plastic and to prioritize our activities based on optimization potentials. 
Waste
Our operational waste is generated primarily from manufacturing, packaging 
and research activities conducted at our production sites. Proper management 
of waste is an essential part of our regulatory obligations and environmental 
permits. To ensure minimal environmental impact, our waste is handled and 
disposed of by approved waste disposal service providers. Our waste can be 
defined into two categories: non-hazardous and hazardous. Our production 
facilities have controls in place to manage hazardous waste to ensure that it is 
treated before disposal. Of the total waste in 2023, 31% was segregated for 
material recycling with the aim of reducing the volume of waste ending up in a 
landfill. As waste is managed locally at each site, some of our sites work with 
third-party Integrated Facility Management (IFM) partners to manage site waste.
All waste produced in the course of our operations at our largest manufacturing 
facility in Hilden is diverted from landfill and sent for alternative methods of 
disposal. Regarding product waste, we offer transport packaging, hazardous 
packaging and electrical/electronic equipment take-back options with 
approved collection agencies.
Waste production by type
(in tons)
2023 2022
Total Percentage Total Percentage
Non-hazardous waste  984  48 %  1,932  47 %
Hazardous waste  440  21 %  1,550  37 %
Recycled:
Non-hazardous waste recycled 624  648 
Hazardous waste recycled 17  12 
Total recycled waste  641  31 %  660  16 %
Total  2,065  100 %  4,142  100 %
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 26
Environment

Page 27:
Water consumption
Good quality, potable freshwater is essential for manufacturing our products. 
All water is withdrawn from third-party water utilities. The remaining water is 
used for cleaning, decontamination of production lines, sanitation and drinking 
water. In 2023, we used 136,701 megaliters of water (2022: 118,551 
megaliters), an increase of 15.3% compared to the previous year. Our two key 
manufacturing facilities (Hilden and Germantown) are located in low-risk water 
stress areas and comprise approximately 65% of our water use.
We did not identify water as a material ESG topic. However, we recognize 
water risks in some areas of our operations and aim to conduct a detailed 
water risk assessment in 2024. We currently identify water risk using the World 
Resource Institute (WRI) Aqueduct Tool. In 2023, 14% of water was withdrawn 
from areas classified as having medium-high, high, or extremely high water 
stress. In addition, approximately 50% of our sites are located in areas of 
medium-high, high, or extremely high water stress.
We recognize the value in conservation of water and have taken steps to apply 
best practices. Existing measures to reduce water usage include using 
processed water – a by-product of manufacturing – to cool buildings. We have 
also installed hand-motion activated faucets, introduced low-flow plumbing, 
dual-flush toilets, and the use of rainwater to flush toilets. 
To achieve EHS business objectives to reduce environmental impacts, we ensure 
that the waste-water discharges comply with local and national standards. In 
2023, for the first time, we submitted our water-related qualitative and 
quantitative usage information to the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). As we 
look to integrate water conservation in our sustainability goals, we anticipate 
publicly reporting our water use and targets by the end of 2024. 
Water consumption by water stress level 
(in megaliters) 2023 2022
Low  102,913  101,749 
Low-medium  14,391  3,497 
Medium-high 9,252  8,867 
High  617  2,826 
Extremely high  9,528  1,612 
Total  136,701  118,551 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 27
Environment

Page 28:
Further environmental data
Overall, we apply the Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standards as 
outlined in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol) for the GHG 
emissions reporting. Hence, the consolidated GHG emissions include all 
emissions from subsidiaries where QIAGEN has financial control. 
In 2023, to manage our environmental performance effectively, we 
implemented a new tool to enable our individual facilities to collect and report 
their indicators, allowing for transparency and accurate reporting. Our 
consolidated environmental indicators for three consecutive years are shown in 
the table below. The data are also displayed as a ratio of consolidated net 
sales, for short- and long-term monitoring. 
Waste production by type
(in tons)
2023 2022
Total Percentage Total Percentage
Non-hazardous waste  984  48 %  1,932  47 %
Hazardous waste  440  21 %  1,550  37 %
Recycled:
Non-hazardous waste recycled 624  648 
Hazardous waste recycled 17  12 
Total recycled waste  641  31 %  660  16 %
Total  2,065  100 %  4,142  100 %
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 28
Environment

Page 29:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 29
Investing 
in people
QIAGEN’s success starts with our people. Our long-term 
success and growth depend on the knowledge, skill and 
passion of our employees. Investing in our people, therefore, 
drives our economic performance and considerably 
influences the sustainability of our operations. The attraction, 
development and retention of our employees is an integral 
factor in creating value for customers, colleagues, partners 
and shareholders. 
During 2023, we continued our strategic focus on being 
recognized as an employer of choice, which enables us to 
attract, develop and retain top talents that are critical to our 
long-term success.
>100 million
QuantiFERON-TB Gold Plus tests 
distributed to over 130 countries 
around the world
36%
of leadership roles held by women
100%
on the Corporate Equality Index to 
earn the Equality 100 Award: Leader 
in LGBTQ+ Workplace Inclusion

Page 30:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 30
Social
Facts & figures
Diversity & inclusion Health and safety
36% 0.78
of leadership roles filled by women total recordable incident rate
100% 0.43
Equality 100 Award for LGBTQ+ 
Workplace Inclusion
Days Away Restricted or Transferred 
(DART) rate (per 100 employees)
Diversity & inclusion program hosted by 
the QIAGEN Executive Council on Equal 
Opportunities (ECEO) including  
company-wide ambassadors
Zero
work-related fatalities
Listed in Bloomberg Gender Equality 
Index for the second consecutive year
31
work-related cases
Great place to work Access to healthcare
10 >50
countries recognized either as top 
employer or great place to work
public health partnerships

Page 31:
Investing in people
Attracting talent and acting as a responsible 
partner along the value chain
• Culture and values embedded in our Corporate Code of 
Conduct and Ethics and Ethical Standards Policy 
• High-quality training and career development for our 
employees
• Multi-stage vendor selection process to minimize risks in 
our supply chain
8.3, 8.4, 8.7
Employees
QIAGEN’s success starts with our people. Our long-term success and growth 
depend on the knowledge, skill and passion of our employees. Investing in our 
people, therefore, drives our economic performance and considerably 
influences the sustainability of our operations. The attraction, development and 
retention of our employees is an integral factor in creating value for customers, 
colleagues, partners and shareholders. During 2023, we continued our 
strategic focus on being recognized as an employer of choice, which enables 
us to attract, develop and retain top talents that are critical to our long-term 
success. 
Our Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics provides our employees with a 
clear understanding of the principles of business conduct and ethics that are 
expected of them. Additionally, respect for human rights is a fundamental value 
of QIAGEN. Our Human Rights Policy defines how we strive to respect and 
promote human rights in our relationships with our employees, suppliers and 
other stakeholders. The policies are reviewed and updated annually and are 
both available on our website. 
As a company headquartered in the European Union, freedom of association 
and collective bargaining are cornerstones of the good relationship between 
management and representatives of employees. The majority of our workforce 
is employed in member states of the OSCE (Organization for Security and 
Cooperation in Europe), which includes states from Europe, Central Asia and 
North America. In all regions where we operate, we comply with all applicable 
laws regarding freedom of association and collective bargaining, and respect 
local laws and regulations concerning labor relations as outlined in our Human 
Rights Policy, available on our sustainability website. Management believes that 
its relations with regional labor unions and employees are good.
The following tables provide information on the number of employees by 
geographical region and main category of activity. We acknowledge and 
respect all gender identities, understanding that individuals may identify as 
female, male, non-binary, or in various other ways. The gender data in the 
tables in this report are presented in the female or male format. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 31
Social

Page 32:
  2023 2022
Employees by region Female Male Total Percentage Female Male Total Percentage
EMEA(1) 1,800 1,652 3,453  57.9 % 1,863 1,695 3,558  57.6 %
Americas 609 720 1,329  22.3 % 610 760 1,370  22.2 %
APAC 595 590 1,185  19.9 % 632 618 1,250  20.2 %
Total employees 3,004 2,962 5,967  100.0 % 3,105 3,073 6,178  100.0 %
Percent of total employees  50.3 %  49.6 %  50.3 %  49.7 %
(1) As of December 31, 2023, one employee identified their gender as non-binary or chose not to disclose.
Employees by contract
2023 2022
Total Percentage Total Percentage
Full-time employees 5,625  94.3 % 5,903  95.5 %
Part-time employees 342  5.7 % 275  4.5 %
Total employees 5,967  100.0 % 6,178  100.0 %
Employees by function 2023 2022 2021
Production  28 %  29 %  30 %
Research & Development  18 %  17 %  16 %
Sales  37 %  37 %  37 %
Marketing  6 %  6 %  6 %
Administration  11 %  11 %  11 %
Total  100 %  100 %  100 %
In 2023, the number of employees working in production decreased as 
business conditions continued to reset following the significant ramp-up of 
production during the COVID-19 pandemic when we employed workers for this 
specific need under limited time contracts.
Depending on local laws and customs, there are different types of employment 
ranging from long-term fixed contracts to temporary positions. In addition, part-
time, full-time and temporary employees may have access to benefits that offer 
flexible time and programs for parents following childbirth and during 
schooling, for example. Refer to section Employee satisfaction and retention for 
additional information. In 2023, part-time employees represented 5.7% of our 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 32
Social

Page 33:
workforce and temporary employees with a fixed-term work contract 
represented 7.3%.
We strive to foster an open-door workplace culture where employees can 
approach anyone. Employees may communicate openly with management or 
the Supervisory Board at any time regarding their working conditions without 
threat of reprisal, intimidation or harassment. We actively encourage 
continuous feedback through regular one-on-one discussions between our 
managers and their employees, meetings with our Human Resources 
colleagues, our Pulse Check employee surveys (discussed below), our manager 
specific 180° feedback process ‘QIAlead’ and through questions to the 
Executive Committee (EC) at our Town Halls, and by direct email.
Employee attraction and development
Our approach
QIAGEN´s goal is to be the industry employer of choice by attracting, 
developing and retaining diverse top talent. Enabling a fair, respectful and 
inclusive work environment is embedded in our culture. To drive our economic 
performance and create value, we focus on building excellent teams with 
remarkable talents. To adapt in the competitive field of talent attraction, the 
global Talent Acquisition Policy has been revised in line with an improved 
Talent Acquisition Strategy to enhance the global overall recruiting process, the 
commitment to diversity and inclusion, our internal application processes, work 
with hiring agencies, and adherence to official regulations. 
We strive to create a work environment that empowers and involves employees 
at all levels. In 2023, we continued our global QIAGEN EMPOWER cultural 
change initiative, originally launched in 2021 with voluntary ambassadors who 
actively facilitated discussions and practices around empowerment. The 
EMPOWER initiative aims at fostering inclusive networks and inspiring a culture 
of empowerment. The initiative also serves as a foundation for the professional 
and personal development of each employee. Our goal is to provide our 
employees with opportunities to develop, be venturesome, think and act long-
term and, at the same time, motivate them to perform to the best of their ability 
with discipline, empathy and trust. We seek to inspire our people to grow so 
they have the right mindset and skills to thrive and achieve both professional 
and personal objectives. With our focus on performance management, 
employee, career and leadership development, we seek to foster effectiveness 
and performance. As anchored in our formal coaching guidelines, we 
empower every employee and encourage them to take on the responsibility for 
their learning and personal growth.
The talent, skills and passion of our employees are key to our success and value 
creation. The opportunity to develop personally and professionally is a core 
aspiration, both for employees who have recently joined QIAGEN and for 
those who have been with QIAGEN for quite some time. Our objective is to 
foster a learning culture that gives our employees the opportunity to develop 
their own unique career paths while collectively enhancing our ability to 
achieve our business objectives and secure a robust pipeline of talent to deliver 
on our long-term strategies.
Impact, risks and opportunities
We believe fostering a positive work environment with good working 
conditions and opportunities to develop a career will attract and retain more 
skilled and motivated employees. Enhancing training and career development 
increases employee satisfaction, employee performance and retention. In turn, 
increased retention helps to mitigate our exposure to risks associated with 
vacant positions, high turnover, and reduced productivity.
We expect a positive effect in the mid-term given our unique and solid 
employer brand and the implementation of a targeted talent attraction strategy. 
Throughout the year, actions were initiated and promoted that comprised two 
key approaches: to refresh the QIAGEN employer brand and to refine talent 
acquisition operations.
Additionally, training, skill and competency development are essential drivers 
for candidates in their decision to join a new employer. With our extensive 
career and leadership development programs, we provide the opportunity to be 
part of a motivated and efficient workforce. In developing and sharing best 
practices, we learn from each other across sites and continuously improve the 
way we act to foster a high-performing culture at QIAGEN.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 33
Social

Page 34:
Employee attraction
Winning talents
The Employer Value Proposition currently under development will rest on three 
pillars (impacting our world, impacting our teams, impacting careers) and serve 
as the foundation for our long-term Talent Attraction Strategy. We will focus on 
the development of additional actions and measures which we plan to 
implement from 2024 onwards, including specific recruiting trainings, such as 
advanced interview technique and matters related to diverse communication 
panels. Given the importance of recruitment decisions to achieve our enhanced 
strategy, unconscious bias training will be a mandatory part of manager 
training in the coming year. The training has proven valuable in creating better 
communication, trust and cooperation across departments within an open-
minded, inclusive and respectful culture.
In 2023, QIAGEN participated in multiple job fairs globally, for example, at 
the University of Manchester, U.K.; the Economic University in Wroclaw, 
Poland; the University of Michigan, U.S.; the Boston University, U.S.; the 
University of Maastricht, the Netherlands; the WHU – Otto Beisheim School of 
Management, Germany and at the Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, DKFZ 
(the German Cancer Research Center).
Employee development
Training and feedback
Employee development is vital for building capabilities and addressing current 
and future gaps. We provide diverse internal and external learning solutions, 
fostering competency and preparing employees for future roles. Our focus is on 
inspiring growth with quality tools and activities, nurturing the right mindset, 
behaviors, and skills. Training opportunities are offered through in-person and 
hybrid formats as well through QIAlearn, our global e-learning platform on 
which we deployed 1,300 training courses in 2023. Regular evaluations via 
surveys ensure program effectiveness.
Leadership behavior is assessed through the annual QIAlead 180° feedback 
process. The 2023 assessment indicated that an improved focus of managers to 
deliver continuous feedback to employees is required, reflecting that the 
benefits of a timely exchange will improve opportunities to share outcomes, 
recognize successes, learn from mistakes and leave comfort zones. A formal 
process addresses identified improvement areas.
In 2023, we piloted a 360° feedback process for newly promoted leaders, 
planning its implementation before promotion in 2024. This comprehensive 
view enhances workplace behaviors, aligning with our commitment to 
continuous improvement. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 34
Social

Page 35:
Development cycle: promoting strengths
Our global Performance Enhancement System (PES) guides regular one-on-one 
review sessions between employees and managers to discuss performance and 
career growth. It facilitates goal setting, competency assessment, and training 
needs identification. The lifecycle includes goal setting at the beginning of each 
year and mid-year development conversations where competencies are 
assessed and development plans established. PES discussions are mandatory 
and follow the principle of promoting strengths. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 35
Social
Attract
Identify
Retain
Develop
Rewarding
Rating
Developing
Monitoring
Recognize high performance 
and overall contribution
Summarize and 
quantify overall 
performance
Support development by assessing key competences and 
providing suitable learning solutions or opportunities
Manage performance 
with regular, timely 
feedback
Set clear goals and 
expectations
Development cycle
QIAGEN'S
Performance
Management 
Process
Planning

Page 36:
Competency model for long-term success
In the QIAGEN competency model, we define key competences and skills for 
the long-term success of our fast-growing technology and knowledge-based 
company. In addition to individual professional expertise and background, we 
differentiate between:
• Core competences 
• Entrepreneurial competences 
• Leadership skills 
In 2023, we offered over 20 training courses linked to the competency model. 
Our top five competency-based trainings last year were: 
• Enhancing Communication for Success 
• Basic Project Management
• Lateral Leadership 
• Effective Leadership Communication 
• Emotional Intelligence
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 36
Social
Innovative 
ability Accountability Strategic thinking 
and acting
Change
management
Working in 
teams
Continuous 
learning
Planning and 
problem solving Decision making Performance 
management
Customer 
orientation
Effective
communication Focus Risk taking Employee
development
Core competences Entrepreneurial  
competences
Leadership 
competences
Professional expertise
QIAGEN mission, strategy and values

Page 37:
70:20:10 model for highest impact
QIAGEN’s competency development approach follows the 70:20:10 model for 
learning and development, a highly successful industry practice that defines the 
optimal sources of learning with the highest impact on people. Based on the 
model, individuals obtain 70% of their knowledge from job-related experiences, 
20% from interactions with others, and only 10% from formal training courses 
or programs. 
Global leadership development
QIAGEN continues to adapt to ongoing changes in the economy and the 
industry. While valuing our ability to be responsive and adaptive, we remain 
steadfast in preserving what QIAGEN stands for, protecting our core company 
values. Our leaders play an important part in helping this transformation across 
the workforce. The Global HR Learning & Development Team has focused on 
further elaborating the new Global QIAGEN Leadership Program, which will be 
fully deployed in 2024. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 37
Social
70:20:10 model 
for learning 
and development
70%
Daily work, Special project 
work, Specific tasks & 
responsibilities
20%
Coaching, mentoring
10%
Trainings
On-the-job (70%)
…means the development of competencies directly at the 
workplace or in response to the working activity itself. 
Near-the-job (20%)
…means the development of competencies related to the 
workplace or to the working activity. These activities cover 
measures for (knowledge and experience) exchange with 
e x p e r i e n c e d  c o l l e a g u e s  a n d   /   o r  c o a c h e s  a n d  m e n t o r s .
Off-the-job (10%)
…means development of competencies outside the 
workplace or the corporation, separate from the actual duty 
of the job. This involves largely training as well as visits of 
c o n f e r e n c e s ,  t r a d e  f a i r s  a n d   /   o r  c o n g r e s s e s  f o r  e x p a n s i o n  
of knowledge, skills, or capabilities.

Page 38:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 38
Social
QIAGEN 
EMPOWERING
culture
From diffusion to 
Focus
From hierarchies to
Inclusive 
networks
From controlling to 
Empowering
EMPOWERing our 
QIAGENers is the way to win
DEVELOP
VENTURESOME
DISCIPLINE
LONG-TERM
GROWTH
EMPATHY
TRUST

Page 39:
The Leadership Program builds on the EMPOWER Leadership behaviors: Focus, 
Walk the Talk, Create Context for Success, Build Collaborative Networks.
The target-group-specific leadership learning portfolio provides leaders at all 
levels with the capabilities to coach and develop their own skills. Where 
employees are encouraged to be more autonomous, they are guided how to 
strengthen their responsibility for the respective individual learning process and 
assess their contributions to the success of our global company goals. 
Mentoring
We foster employee development through initiatives like our Mentorship 
Exchange program. This internal mentorship program pairs employees to 
advance each other's career goals through guided sessions. In 2023, we 
launched two programs, proving its effectiveness in unlocking career potential 
and fostering mentorship skills. Building on this success, we introduced the 
Mentorship Ambassador Program, offering selected participants further 
professional growth opportunities through a structured curriculum.
Employee satisfaction and retention
We strive to be an Employer of Choice – a great place to work. Employees join 
QIAGEN, stay, and also return to QIAGEN because they know their work 
makes improvements in life possible. Employees feel they are treated fairly, they 
are listened to, they have opportunities to grow and develop, and they are 
empowered to make a difference.
We are committed to fair pay and have clear pay guidelines and job grading 
which are regularly updated based on market data. Pay decisions consider 
peer comparisons, and we adhere to transparency regulations, allowing 
employees to request salary information for gender comparison. We are 
currently developing a global equity measurement methodology to address pay 
equity issues comprehensively. 
We also have frameworks in place for performance-based and share-based 
compensation, along with offering incentive programs for new ideas and 
innovation. While varying based on role and jurisdiction, the majority of the 
members of management participate in our stock plan and are eligible to 
receive stock unit grants subject to performance and/or service requirements. 
These programs aim to ensure fair and attractive compensation and serve to 
encourage each employee to contribute to our long-term success. Our 
Remuneration Report provides detailed information on the compensation 
practices regarding our Supervisory and Managing Boards.
Work-life balance is an important driver of creating and maintaining employee 
satisfaction. We provide services to help employees balance their personal lives 
with our dynamic work environment, including in-house childcare at certain 
sites and flexible working hours. 
Our global remote working policy, QIAflex, sets a foundation for on-site and 
remote success and collaboration. It guides local site leadership in creating 
flexible work models for roles suitable for remote work, allowing eligible 
employees to work remotely up to 40% of the time.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 39
Social

Page 40:
An essential component of our efforts to maintain a high level of employee 
satisfaction at work is our focus on employee well-being. We offer a wide 
range of measures and tools, from annual “health days” with free counseling, 
screening and medical check-ups to fitness opportunities. Since January 2023, 
Employee Assistance Programs (EAP) are available globally. For further details, 
refer to Promotion of employees' health under Occupational health and safety 
in this chapter.
To provide a snapshot of employee engagement levels within the organization, 
we deploy short, anonymous global engagement surveys called Pulse Checks. 
The findings from the Pulse Checks are used to help leaders focus on specific 
engagement topics. The September 2023 survey was completed with an 
employee participation rate of 79%, the highest ever since initiation of the 
annual surveys started in 2019. The results yielded an average score of 3.9 — 
on a scale of 1 (lowest) to 5 (highest) — across all areas of engagement. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 40
Social
QIAGEN – Great Place To WorkOur commitment 
to excellence also 
extends to our 
QIAGENers UK Germany Poland
USA Mexico Brazil
Hong Kong Philippines Taiwan China


Page 41:
The questions take into account topics such as corporate values, engagement, 
recognition, learning and development, and ESG. This year, an open comment 
field was added to solicit specific insight from employees and allow for more 
detailed analysis, feedback and action plans by regions and Business Areas. 
Our latest results from feedback received suggest that we continue to reduce 
silo thinking across our business and ensure employees at all levels across our 
organization are empowered to make decisions. 
We are encouraged that our efforts to be an employer of choice are successful 
given the recognition and designations collected throughout the year and 
around the globe. In 2023, our subsidiaries in Germany, United Kingdom and 
Poland were once again recognized as a "Top Employer" by the Top Employer 
Institute, a global authority on recognizing excellence in people practices. The 
"Top Employer" title is awarded after a formal process in which companies 
share detailed information on their HR practices, undergo an onsite review, and 
provide several employee interviews. Furthermore, our subsidiaries in the U.S., 
Brazil, Mexico, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China and the Philippines were once 
again recognized as a "Great Place to Work" in 2023. To earn this 
certification, at least 7 out of 10 employees must classify the company as a 
“Great Place to Work” in an anonymous survey. In addition, our subsidiary in 
the Philippines won multiple employer certifications in 2023, including “Asia 
Best Employer Brand Awards”, while Greater China was named as “Best 
Workplaces Asia.”
In 2023, total turnover declined for both total employees and employees in 
management roles, as identified in the table below.
Turnover
2023 2022
Headcount Turnover Headcount Turnover
Total employees  5,967  13.4 %  6,178  14.1 %
Thereof employees in management roles  678  8.3 %  651  9.6 %
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 41
Social

Page 42:
Fostering diverse teams and equal opportunities
• ≥36% of leadership roles filled by women
• QIAGEN Diversity and Inclusion ambassador program
• Mentorship exchange with focus on culture and 
inclusiveness
• 5 QIAGEN communities established to foster inclusion
5.1, 5.5
Diversity & inclusion
At QIAGEN, we firmly believe that diverse teams are the cornerstone of our 
success. We recognize that a variety of perspectives, ideas and approaches 
foster innovation and drive our business forward. Our commitment to diversity 
and inclusion is steadfast, as we strive to cultivate an environment where every 
employee feels valued and empowered to contribute their unique talents and 
experiences.
Regardless of age, educational background, gender, sexual orientation, gender 
identity, nationality, ethnicity, veteran status, abilities, religion, or any other 
distinguishing characteristic protected by law, we are dedicated to providing 
equal opportunities for all. We firmly believe that diversity is not only a moral 
imperative but also a competitive advantage that propels us forward. Our 
Talent Acquisition Strategy focuses on identifying, recruiting and retaining the 
most suitable individuals for the job.
Central to our diversity and inclusion efforts is our Executive Council of Equal 
Opportunity (ECEO), a diverse body of volunteers from across the company, 
including executives, managers and individual contributors. This cross-functional 
council oversees our initiatives aimed at fostering diversity and inclusion within 
our organization.
The ECEO ensures that our policies, practices and procedures support the 
recruitment, retention, education and development of a diverse workforce that 
reflects the rich tapestry of society. With a minimum of six advisory board 
members and a minimum of four council members, the ECEO adopts a co-chair 
leadership structure accountable to an Executive Committee Sponsor. Together, 
they establish a comprehensive diversity strategy and implement action plans 
with clear timelines to achieve our diversity goals.
Aligned with our corporate objectives, the ECEO drives initiatives within each 
organizational area and sponsors programs such as the D&I Ambassador 
program and QIAGEN Communities. The D&I Ambassadors, comprised of 
employee volunteers, champion diversity and inclusion through various activities 
including hosting speakers, organizing trainings, and facilitating events.
Collectively composing the QIAGEN Communities, each of the five Employee 
Resource Groups (ERGs) focuses on a unique priority:
• Disability, mental health, and well-being through Thrive@QIAGEN, 
• Parents and caregivers through QIAGEN Parents and Caregivers Community 
(QPACC),
• LGBTQIA+ through Pride@QIAGEN,
• Women through QIAwomen,
• Racial and Ethnic diversity through Mosaic. 
Mosaic is the newest of the Communities, created and launched in November 
2023. The creation of the community was the outcome of employee 
empowerment and supportive, collective interest across sites and encouraged 
by the success of the four other groups.
The QIAGEN Gender Diversity Policy was last updated in 2023. Read more 
about the policy under Diversity within the Managing Board and Supervisory 
Board in the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report.
Impact, risks and opportunities
We are committed to diversity in our teams as we recognize this fuels 
innovation and engagement with our customers and business partners, and is 
vital to an environment and culture that provides equal opportunity for success 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 42
Social

Page 43:
to all employees. We are sensitive to the fact that a lack of focus on diversity 
and inclusion in a workplace can lead to various repercussions and risks 
affecting the growth and profitability of an organization because of 
dissatisfaction or difficulties in attracting a diverse workforce. As such, we 
decided to create a new position in 2023 fully dedicated to our D&I ambitions. 
This position ensures that the activities around employee engagement, including 
D&I, have a clear focus and strategic accountability.
In 2018, we started our strategic initiative on gender diversity with a focus on 
improving the number of women in management. The participation of women 
in management roles increased from approximately 28% in 2018 to 36% in 
2023 (2022: 35%). This was achieved because of strategic initiatives to drive 
awareness, engagement and development of better gender representation 
among our management team. We continue to work towards gender parity, 
and it is our goal to achieve at least 40% of women in management in the mid-
term in accordance with our Gender Diversity Policy. 
Employees by age, gender and management roles
2023(1) 2022
Female Male Female Male
Under 30 years old  461  302  584  395 
30 to 50 years old 2,061 1,960  2,063  1,984 
Over 50 years old  482  700  458  694 
 3,004  2,962  3,105  3,073 
Employees in management roles  243  435  226  425 
(1) As of December 31, 2023, one employee identified their gender as non-binary or chose not to disclose.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 43
Social

Page 44:
In October 2023, we were selected for the Belonging Builder Award from 
Mindr as one of a group of five companies out of 53. We earned this award 
for fostering welcoming, diverse, equitable and inclusive environments through 
our employee driven initiatives, reflected as well in our 2023 ISS ESG Prime 
rating.
We expressed our culture as an inclusive employer by participating in the Sticks 
and Stones, Europe's largest LGBTQIA+ Job Fair, in July 2023. In line with our 
initiatives, we are currently revising our global recruitment policy to prioritize 
and highlight diverse candidate pools and interview panels, ensuring a fair and 
inclusive hiring process. At the beginning of 2023, we updated our applicant 
system to offer more gender-inclusive options. In addition, we added a line to 
our interview invitation (virtual and in-person) encouraging participants to 
inform us about any suggestions for improvements in our interview participation 
process. 
In striving towards greater gender inclusion at QIAGEN, in 2023, QIAwomen 
hosted more than nine events featuring both internal and external speakers to 
share experiences and promote discussion. These included on-site events in 
support of the UN’s campaign to end violence against women, culminating on 
Orange Day. These gave participants the opportunity to exchange resources 
and, in the U.S., support a local charity for survivors of domestic violence. 
Launched in July 2022, QIAwomen has grown to approximately 380 members. 
For the second consecutive year, in 2023, QIAGEN has been listed on the 
Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI), which provides an opportunity for 
companies to assess progress towards parity, benchmark against peers, and 
highlight a commitment to gender equality. QIAGEN also endorses the 
Women’s Empowerment Principles. These principles are a result of 
collaboration between the UN Global Compact and UN Women, emphasizing 
the business case for corporate action to promote gender equality and women’s 
empowerment.
Our commitment to diversity extends beyond cultural and gender diversity. For 
example, the Pride@QIAGEN community was launched in 2022 and was 
comprised of approximately 180 members at the end of 2023. The community 
hosted virtual and in-person events in support of pride month activities in the 
U.S., Poland, Germany, Mexico, and the U.K. and held several virtual 
discussions to engage outside of pride month and share ways to support the 
LGBTQIA+ community throughout the year. QIAGEN also endorses the 
Standards of Conduct for Business: Tackling Discrimination against Lesbian, 
Gay, Bi, Trans, and Intersex People which builds on the UN Guiding Principles 
of Business and Human Rights. As a result of these initiatives, our U.S. 
subsidiary achieved all the criteria to earn a score of 100 and was recognized 
as a recipient of the 2023 Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Foundation’s 
“Equality 100 Award: Leader in LGBTQ+ Workplace Inclusion."
In 2022, we further focused on disability and assessed targeted areas for 
improvement through a project team assembled as part of a leadership training 
program. The project team identified key areas for review such as hiring and 
retention strategies for onboarding candidates, improving information 
accessibility and visibility within QIAGEN, and extending our outreach in our 
local communities. In addition, in 2022 we piloted the Disability Index. During 
2023, we have analyzed the results, created a Reasonable Adjustment 
Framework as a direct outcome, and plan to implement these findings during 
2024. Internally, our Thrive@QIAGEN employee resource grew to 
approximately 210 members in 2023 and has hosted events and calls to action 
championing disability, well-being and inclusion in the workplace. 
Occupational health and safety
Management approach/strategy
Safe workplaces and healthy employees are a top priority at QIAGEN. All 
employees are required to adhere to local and global health and safety 
procedures and practices. We place the health and safety of our employees 
above all other considerations and have introduced multiple measures to foster 
a serious culture of safety awareness. Our Global Environment, Health and 
Safety team (EHS team) oversees the conscientious implementation of global 
EHS policies and procedures. Our local EHS teams constantly manage and 
monitor site-specific occupational health and safety risks and activities.
Global processes include the implementation of a Global EHS Management 
system based on the ISO 45001 standard. The EHS management system aims 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 44
Social

Page 45:
to reduce health and safety risks, related injuries, illness and unplanned events 
within our business operations to minimize safety risks for employees. All 
employees, service providers and company-managed contractors are required 
to follow the standards and requirements in our EHS management system.
The processes of the Global EHS management system are also implemented at 
a local level for the QIAGEN facilities, taking into consideration local and 
international requirements. Local EHS teams at our facilities coordinate, 
manage and monitor site-specific occupational health and safety risks and 
hazards, including the management of permits and licenses, risk assessment 
analysis, accident reporting, and health and safety inspections.
ISO certification forms part of our strategy to drive and improve our safety 
performance. We achieved ISO 45001 certification in China for QIAGEN 
Shenzhen Co. Ltd in July 2023 and the Occupational Health and Safety 
Management System ISO 45001 certification for our Hilden, Germany site in 
March 2024. As a next step, our second largest manufacturing site in 
Germantown, Maryland, U.S. will start to prepare for certification in 2025. 
Impact, risk and opportunities
The EHS processes provide measures to address potential Health and Safety 
risks. Preventing employee absenteeism due to work-related injury or illness is 
essential to maintain productivity. Production stops or delays would increase 
costs and the likelihood of reputational damage. A healthy workforce is more 
motivated and committed, thus increasing productivity and providing for a more 
stable market position.
We monitor our health and safety performance using safety indicators including 
the number of safety accidents under categories: Medical Treatment (MT); Lost 
Work cases (LWC); Restricted Work cases (RWC); Transferred Work cases 
(TWC); Death (DT); Near misses; and Safety observations. Based on this 
information, we calculate the rate of lost work due to Days Away, Restricted 
and Transferred (DART), the Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), and Lost 
Time Incident rate (LTIR). We use the U.S. based Occupational Safety and 
Health Administration (OSHA) criteria for recording and tracking safety 
accidents. This allows for standardization across many of our facilities located 
around the world and enables us to compare our performance against other 
international companies. Safety indicators are calculated from safety incidents 
that are reported, documented and investigated within our EHS Reporting 
portal.
The Health and Safety representatives can use this approach to run local 
initiatives. Our main manufacturing site ran a QIAttention campaign to raise 
awareness about incidents that occur due to slips, trips and falls. In 2023, 
Global Operations took action to increase awareness at our key manufacturing 
sites with the aim to ensure that any safety concerns, including near misses, 
were reported. The heightened awareness and attention resulted in an increase 
in the reported number of near misses and safety observations for 2023 and 
reduced the number of lost work day cases for the year by 63% compared to 
the prior year. 
Health and Safety training needs are assessed at a local level and Health and 
Safety Training is provided during onboarding on the job and continuously 
throughout employment.
Professional safety officers at key manufacturing sites conduct safety walks. Our 
facilities have workplace arrangements to provide safe, healthy working 
conditions, processes for workplace risk assessments, scheduled fire evacuation 
routes, and emergency response plans to be able to respond to an immediate 
crisis and mitigate the risk of injury and damage. 
All employees are required to report injuries and illness in the Global EHS 
Reporting Portal, and these submissions are investigated by EHS professionals 
at the facilities to determine the root cause and any corrective and preventative 
actions to prevent recurrence. All employees are required to adhere to the 
measures identified in occupational risk assessments and related workplace 
procedures, including emergency response plans. In addition, we encourage 
our employees to take an active role in establishing and maintaining health and 
safety standards by collaborating with leadership on health and safety 
committees. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 45
Social

Page 46:
Promotion of employees' health
We established a Global Benefit Council with the mission to achieve a global 
minimum level of benefits and to maintain a benefit program that improves 
employees’ well-being and meets market standards while being financially 
sustainable. The global minimum benefits aims to address immediate needs that 
employees and their families might have, improve employee well-being and 
recognize commitment. One key benefit expanded in 2023 is the Global 
Employee Assistance Program, now available to all QIAGEN employees and 
their immediate families worldwide at no cost. Our employees can make use of 
a confidential, anonymous consultant service for any topic related to mental 
health and find support related to child and family care, health and lifestyle, 
legal and financial advice. This global service creates the opportunity for 
enhanced overall health and well-being of our employees. In addition to 
utilizing the services offered, employees have accessed webinars and written 
reference materials offered through the program at no cost. Through the 
reporting, we can monitor the areas where our employees need support and 
further develop and optimize our benefit offerings to mitigate non-work-related 
health risks. We regularly evaluate if there is an increasing demand for support 
in the field of mental health. This led, for example, to the appointment of mental 
health first aiders at our facility in the United Kingdom who serve as specific 
contacts for our employees who want to take advantage of their support. 
Furthermore, on-site Human Resources (HR) and EHS personnel support our 
employees by providing access to non-occupational medical and preventative 
health services. These services differ among sites and are regularly reviewed to 
ensure they are in line with country practice and local specifics and may 
include:
• Medical health insurance, dental insurance, on-site medical doctors, check-
ups, sight tests;
• Medical clearances for job assessments to assess the individual's capability 
to perform an assigned task; 
• Access to treatment for work-related injury or illness; 
• Flu and other applicable vaccinations, i.e. Hep B; 
• Health and nutrition workshops or other events promoting health and self-
care; and 
• On-site sports facilities or reimbursement for such activities. 
Additionally, as addressed under Employee satisfaction and retention in this 
chapter, our employees have access to flexible work arrangements and paid 
time off for volunteering, benefits that serve not only to enhance the health and 
well-being of the employee but also contribute to the well-being of their families 
and communities. 
Actions and data
For 2023, our corporate goal was to keep the number of recordable work-
related lost workday cases (measured by Days Away, Restricted and 
Transferred, DART) below 0.9 /per 100 employees. The data for this metric 
during 2023 was collected monthly from 15 sites across all regions. The DART 
rate for 2023 was 0.43 and achieved the corporate goal. The DART rates are 
shown in the table below.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 46
Social

Page 47:
DART rate for key facilities (employees and contractors) 2023(1) 2022
Total number of calculated work hours(2)  7,942,278  7,987,934 
Total number of recordable work-related cases  31  47 
Total number of recordable work-related cases that caused days away, restricted or transferred encountered  17  33 
DART (per 100 employees)(3)  0.43  0.83 
(1) S a f e t y  d a t a  f o r  2 0 2 3  i n c l u d e s  o n e  a d d i t i o n a l  k e y  s i t e ,  Q I A G E N  G d a ń s k .
(2) Total number of calculated work hours including employees, temporary workers and contractors.
(3) DART is calculated per OSHA methodology.
The table below shows the number of recordable work-related incidents and number of days lost due to injuries for all workers, which include employees, temporary 
workers and contractors, during 2023 and 2022, by region at key sites.
Reportable incidents and lost workdays for all
Total recordable incidents(1) Days lost due to injuries
2023(2) 2022 2023(2) 2022
Total average headcount per month at key sites  4,260  4,338  4,260  4,338 
EMEA  26  39  106  275 
Americas  5  6  11  38 
APAC  0  2  0  0 
(1) Recordable incidents include all work-related accidents excluding first aid cases.
(2) S a f e t y  d a t a  f o r  2 0 2 3  i n c l u d e s  o n e  a d d i t i o n a l  k e y  s i t e ,  Q I A G E N  G d a ń s k .
The table below compares the safety indicators for work-related injuries and recordable work-related cases at key manufacturing sites for employees and temporary 
workers against contractors.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 47
Social

Page 48:
Safety indicators for full-time employees and temporary workers vs. contractors
Full-time employees
and temporary workers Contractors
2023(1) 2022 2023(1) 2022
Number of hours worked  7,444,255  7,286,205  498,023  701,729 
Number of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 0
Number of work-related injuries including first aid cases 158 163 20 22
Rate of work-related injuries including first aid cases(2) 4.24 4.47 8.03 6.27
Number of recordable work-related cases(2)(3) 26 39 5 8
Recordable incident rate(2)(3) 0.7 1.07 2.01 2.28
Main types of work-related injuries and illnesses Unsafe acts by people: 
inattention, exposed or 
in contact while 
handling lifting or 
carrying, slipping, 
tripping, falling
Slipping, tripping, 
falling, misbehavior, 
unsafe working 
procedures 
Unsafe acts by people: 
contact with something 
fixed or stationary, 
inattention, hit by 
falling product/
machinery/equipment
Misbehavior, unsafe 
acts of people
(1) S a f e t y  d a t a  f o r  2 0 2 3  i n c l u d e s  o n e  a d d i t i o n a l  k e y  s i t e ,  Q I A G E N  G d a ń s k  a s  o f  2 0 2 3 .  
(2) Rate of work-related injuries and recordable incident rate are calculated per OSHA methodology based on 200,000 working hours. 
(3) Recordable incidents include all work-related accidents, excluding first aid cases. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 48
Social

Page 49:
Serving society
Making improvements in life possible is our vision. As a global provider of 
resources and tools in molecular testing, we continue to contribute to improving 
human health by ensuring communities around the world have access to our 
products and solutions. Our global reach extends to encompass public health 
organizations and commercial partners in more than 170 countries. We strive 
to provide innovative solutions to our customers and their patients by delivering 
high-quality products and modern technologies that enable new insights for 
scientific research, forensics, food safety and better informed treatment 
decisions.
Quality and product safety
Our approach to quality
QIAGEN stands for quality. Since the beginning of our operations in 1986, our 
products are manufactured and distributed in compliance with global regulatory 
requirements. Our processes are designed to set state-of-the-art usability 
standards and are verified and validated according to their intended purpose. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 49
Social
Our approach to quality
100%
Of manufacturing facilities 
are certified to ISO 9001 
and/or ISO 13485 quality 
system standards
Global certifications at manufacturing sites
ISO 9001 and ISO 13485 Certified manufacturing sites
Hilden, Germany
 Germantown, USA
 Shenzen, China
Stockach, Germany
 Beverly, USA
 Shanghai, China
Barcelona, Spain
 Ann Arbor, USA
 Gdansk, Poland
Vasteras, Sweden
 Frederick, USA


Page 50:
To achieve and maintain our high-quality standards, we established global 
quality management systems (QMS) in all our manufacturing facilities 
worldwide. These ensure consistent high quality as well as safe and effective 
medical devices. The QMS are certified according to ISO 9001, ISO 13485, 
Medical Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP), ISO 18385, and comply with 
European In Vitro Diagnostic Devices Regulation EU/2017/746 (IVDR) and 
U.S. FDA 21 CFR 820 and other applicable medical device standards around 
the world. Refer to the appendix Government Regulations in the Annual Report 
for further discussion of our regulatory environment. 
All processes at QIAGEN are customer- and patient-oriented. Our activities are 
systematically and consistently integrated into cross-functional end-to-end 
processes. Based on collected insights and facts, reliable and sound 
information, and relevant measured data, we continuously monitor and improve 
our processes. This ensures the effectiveness and efficiency of our Quality 
Management System (QMS). 
Important key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness of our 
QMS and our product quality are:
• First time right of our products manufactured
• Customer complaint rate, including trending and turnaround cycle times
• Supplier and internal corrective and preventive actions (CAPA), including the 
efficiency and the cycle times
• Recalls and medical device reports, including trending and timely completion
• Internal and external audits and inspections, including tracking of timely 
completion of observations
The processes around product quality are described in more detail in our global 
Quality Manual. All our employees receive regular training on quality-related 
topics. 
Consistent product quality and customer satisfaction are strong reputational 
drivers. For more details regarding our customer perception, refer to Customer 
satisfaction in this chapter. Risk management is fully implemented in the quality 
management system. To ensure the quality of our products and solutions, we 
validate our manufacturing processes, and each manufactured lot is verified 
according to predefined specification prior to market release. We monitor 
product performance according to established procedures internally through 
trending and data analysis and in the market by assessing complaints and 
engaging in post-market surveillance.
Like other manufacturers, we are exposed to the financial implications of 
potential recalls and other adverse events due to equipment failure, 
manufacturing defects, design flaws or inadequate disclosure of product-related 
risks. In the event of a recall, all of our sites are subject to global procedures to 
avoid the further use of the product and to guarantee cost-neutral procedures 
for our customers. We guarantee full traceability of each product to the final 
customer and can, therefore, notify customers directly in the event of a recall. 
Required actions for recalls depend on the individual case. Actions can range 
from providing additional information to physically recalling a product. We 
have defined processes, responsibilities and improvement programs as required 
by regulating authorities to avoid the recurrence of recalls. Due to our stringent 
quality management, recalls rarely occur. In past recalls, we were able to reach 
90% to 100% of customers to confirm the recall. 
QMS Certification 2023 2022 2021
Percent of certified manufacturing 
sites  100 %  100 %  100 %
Audits and inspection 2023 2022 2021
External audit non-conformance rate 
(NC/audit man days) <0.5 <0.5 <0.5
Number of FDA warning letters 0 0 0
Recalls 2023 2022 2021
Number of recalls (U.S./EU FSCA) 7 6 6
Number of FDA Class I recalls 0 0 0
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 50
Social

Page 51:
Chemical product safety
Management of chemical product safety
Chemical product safety is our utmost priority. Our customers rely on us to 
develop products that are safe for people - product users and employees - and 
for the environment. The goal is to prevent any harm associated with hazardous 
chemicals from the use of our products and to reduce or avoid any current or 
potential environmental pollution. We work with our business partners to foster 
responsible practices among suppliers, to implement continuous improvement, 
and to support impact reduction starting at product design and development 
and throughout the life cycle of the products. To reduce the potential negative 
impacts of hazardous chemicals, the risks and opportunities are addressed in 
our global EHS (Environment, Health, and Safety) management system. It is 
accompanied by processes and procedures that define roles and 
responsibilities required to comply with national and international regulations. 
Furthermore, in late 2023, we established a Substance of Concern Program 
with the objective to identify, manage and understand the use of substances of 
concern within our product portfolio.
Regulatory context
Global legal requirements on chemical product safety are abundant and 
continually changing. In particular, we monitor conformity with directives under 
REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals) 
and their counterpart in other regions, the Globally Harmonized System of 
Classification and Labelling (GHS) and the Dangerous Goods Regulations 
(DGR). All of these regulations compose the standards or specifications for 
marketability, product labelling, and for providing information to ensure safe 
product handling and transport. Changes in regulations could lead to 
adjustments of safety evaluations. The team of EHS Managers is responsible for 
tracking changes to the current legislation and monitoring emerging 
regulations. To ensure and monitor the compliance of our products, including 
automated system products, we use software configured to support supply chain 
communication and data evaluation. In addition, we rely on the use of 
Professional Regulatory insight services and typically acquire specific input from 
associations. 
Access to information and responsible marketing practices
We provide the necessary information to users of our products to handle and 
maintain the products safely. Our design and development processes include 
the generation of user instructions and marketing material for our products. 
Although we strive to develop products free of hazardous properties, the nature 
of our product lines generate an inevitable risk exposure to chemicals that are 
classified as hazardous or potentially hazardous to human health or to the 
environment. To ensure safe handling of products, we communicate the hazards 
via the product labels, in safety data sheets or in the accompanying Instructions 
for Use (IFUs). A safety data sheet is available for each product that contains 
chemicals by kit. The safety data sheet includes valuable information related to 
occupational health and safety, safe handling of chemical substances, and 
information and classifications for transport. It is provided in country- and 
language-specific formats on our webpage. 
As with all companies in the medical device/In Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) industry, 
our product claims and properties are verified and validated during 
development and approved by regulatory bodies around the world as part of 
the product submission process. All IVD products are specially tested for safety 
and usability during development. We market products only in accordance with 
their approved intended purpose and declare potential residual (or remaining) 
risks in the instructions for each product. For responsible marketing, we follow 
specific guidelines such as the Federal Trade Commission’s Green Guides or 
the guide to biodegradable, compostable and related claims on plastic 
products issued by the Department of Justice, State of California. All 
communications are subject to an internal legal review via document controls 
before publishing.
Safety along the value chain and evaluation of raw materials
We require our direct suppliers to comply with the conditions of the Supplier 
Code of Conduct. By working closely with our suppliers, we aim to ensure a 
high standard of chemical product safety along the entire value chain. Suppliers 
confirm their compliance with product-related statutory requirements by 
providing necessary certificates.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 51
Social

Page 52:
During the early phases of product development and product implementation, 
every raw material and formulation is evaluated with regards to their safety and 
impact on human health or the environment. This assessment is done in 
accordance with the international standard under UN Model Regulation on 
GHS as well as local chemical legal requirements. If necessary, testing is done 
on our products to understand and identify any potential safety, health and 
environmental hazard. Raw materials are subject to ongoing regulatory reviews 
to ensure continual compliance with product safety.
QIAGEN strives to reduce the use of substances of concern in products and has 
a procedure in place to support the efforts of reducing the use of substances of 
concern over a product's life cycle. Specifically, we maintain and reference a 
watch-list for “unwanted” chemical substances and prevent their use in product 
development. 
Customer satisfaction
Management approach
We are committed to continually improving our customers’ experiences, taking 
into account their evolving needs and expectations. Since our products extend 
across different market segments, our customers have some common 
overlapping needs but also hold market-specific expectations for the use of our 
products and services. We strive to exceed customer expectations and establish 
trustful relationships that translate into customer loyalty, allowing us to best 
market our current and developing product portfolio across an established, 
diverse set of customers. 
Identifying opportunities
To continually assess the satisfaction of our customers, we employ the Net 
Promoter Score (NPS) methodology to survey customers, analyze their 
feedback, resolve identified individual situations of dissatisfaction, and deduce 
and implement corrective actions to improve customer experience in future. The 
NPS is a market research metric that measures customer satisfaction by asking 
customers to rate the likelihood that they would recommend a company or a 
specific product. Respective NPS values can range from -100, indicating all 
customers were detractors and dissatisfied, to +100, indicating all customers 
were promoters and satisfied.
In 2023, we introduced a transactional Net Promoter Score (NPS-T) for 
customer care (ordering support) and tech service (technical product requests). 
Upon completion of an interaction with a customer, we sent out requests to the 
respective NPS-T survey via email and solicited customer feedback on their 
experience. All collected customer feedback was directly accessible by local 
country managers. They analyzed the collected responses and followed up 
immediately with customers who indicated they were not fully satisfied with the 
resolution of their requests. Based on the feedback we received, in the future, 
we will offer enhanced customer service features. In 2024, we will launch our 
web-chat option in additional countries outside of North America to offer even 
more timely solutions to the evolving requirements of our customers. 
In 2023, the goal for NPS-T Service was set to be above 63. We achieved our 
goal as we reached 68.8 by the end of December 2023. Throughout 2023, 
we built a baseline for NPS-T Customer Care and we will set a minimum value 
target to be achieved for 2024 of 64. 
In 2023, we additionally initiated our first Net Promoter Score – Relationship 
(NPS-R) survey to collect information about the overall state of the relationship 
between our company and our customers. It was conducted in five languages 
and captured a diverse set of customers from all business areas. The feedback 
from this initial 2023 NPS-R global survey was predominantly positive, 
emphasizing our participants' confidence in our product and service quality. 
For example, customers acknowledged our efforts towards sustainability, saying 
they were pleased with changes in packaging and product configurations. 
There was a general desire for increased in-person interactions post-COVID-19, 
reflecting the willingness to return to the visible level of attention and care that 
prevailed before the pandemic. Customers also highlighted factors such as ease 
of doing business, effective remote customer support and product-specific 
features as contributing to a positive experience with QIAGEN and supporting 
their recurring business. We anticipate finalizing and analyzing the results of 
this assessment during 2024.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 52
Social

Page 53:
To address our customers' expectations in the best possible way, we emphasize 
trainings for our sales force, with the goal of enhancing our abilities to 
understand customer needs, educate them about our solutions, and build lasting 
relationships. Through QIAlearn, we offer e-learning and instructor-led training 
courses to our sales professionals on various topics ranging from foundational 
knowledge to detailed product offerings.
Our vision: Making improvements in life possible
• Development of research and diagnostic solutions to 
understand, treat and prevent diseases 
• Collaboration with governments, public health authorities 
and customers to ensure availability of testing solutions
3.3, 3b
Access to healthcare
Management approach
Improving access to diagnostics remains one of the world’s greatest healthcare 
challenges. Our vision of Access to Healthcare is to ensure that every person 
who may benefit from a QIAGEN testing solution has access to one, regardless 
of where they live in the world and regardless of their economic status or 
background. Our commitment to Access to Healthcare is focused on three 
pillars: Accessibility, Affordability and Collaboration, with special focus on 
therapeutic areas that disproportionately affect vulnerable populations, 
including elimination of Tuberculosis (TB), HIV, COVID-19, Human Papilloma 
Virus (HPV), and Monkeypox (MPOX), among other infectious and neglected 
diseases. As described in our Access to Healthcare policy, our Global Public 
Health Task Force (GPHTF) is the highest governing body, responsible for 
oversight of QIAGEN’s Access to Healthcare strategy and objectives, including 
allocation of resources and overseeing project expansion in crucial regions. The 
GPHTF is composed of a diverse population of employees, with representation 
from each sales region encompassing APAC, EMEA, and the Americas. It also 
integrates members from every functional domain in Molecular Diagnostics, Life 
Sciences, and QIAGEN Digital Insights. While public health touches every 
region, particular consideration is given to Low and Middle-Income Countries 
(LMICs) where global health access pricing of our products is offered.
Collaborations
We collaborate with public health laboratories, research and academic 
institutions around the world as part of our mission to enhance access to 
healthcare. Our role and contribution varies based on the project and may 
involve laboratory infrastructure and capacity building to support pandemic 
preparedness and response initiatives, local surveillance, and development of 
new tools for pathogen detection. One such collaboration launched in 2023 
involved working with the Pasteur Network and Institut Pasteur at two of their 
sites in Dakar, Senegal, and Bangui, Central African Republic. As part of the 
collaboration, we donated over 500 QIAstat-Dx panels for Meningitis/
Encephalitis and MPOX surveillance at Institut Pasteur Dakar, and continued 
supporting Institut Pasteur Bangui with ongoing MPOX research from kits 
previously donated in 2022. The project in Bangui focused on detection of 
MPOX Clade I, inaugurated during a visit of the Minister of Health and a 
World Health Organization (WHO) delegation. Launching the collaboration 
was no small feat, with meticulous planning for equipment deployment and 
training. 
In 2023, we expanded our support for a pilot project with the Malawi-Liverpool 
Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Programme for TB infection surveillance of 
pediatric populations. Additional QuantiFERON-TB Gold Plus tests and 
automation equipment were provided to increase the capacity for collecting 
and processing samples. An HPV screening project in El Salvador with Basic 
Health International was also expanded in 2023 with the delivery of additional 
careHPV testing assays and consumables.
In addition, as part of a research initiative, we shipped QIAprep&amp Viral 
RNA UM Kit materials to Institut Pasteur Dakar to validate an innovative 
molecular method for rapid and simple detection of Plasmodium spp. parasites 
using whole blood. This malaria detection method has several advantages over 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 53
Social

Page 54:
conventional methods, including reduced dependence on skilled personnel, 
better performance at low parasitemia, and better handling of mixed infections 
and parasite mutations. Our collaborations with Institut Pasteur remain ongoing 
with the intention to further expand the collaboration to other sites within the 
Pasteur Network in 2024 and beyond.
Humanitarian assistance and disaster relief
QIAGEN is committed to corporate social responsibility and believes in actively 
contributing to the communities we serve. In light of the ongoing war in 
Ukraine, QIAGEN has supported the Public Health Centre of Ukraine, a 
division of the Ministry of Health, with multiple product donations to address 
healthcare challenges and disruption to healthcare services caused by the war. 
Our donation included QuantiFERON-TB Gold Plus testing kits and 
instrumentation to diagnose Tuberculosis infections and control the spread of 
this deadly disease. The donation was coordinated through the United Nations 
Office for Project Services and the Global Drug Facility. To assist with the 
identification of missing persons and war crimes investigations, we provided a 
donation of human identification and forensic equipment to two public health 
laboratories in the country. In addition, working in collaboration with a non-
governmental organization in Ukraine called “We Stand,” we donated care 
HPV testing equipment and consumables to aid in the screening of HPV and the 
prevention of cervical cancer among women who have been displaced or 
affected by the ongoing war.
On September 10, 2023, a massive storm caused widespread flooding and 
destruction in Libya. According to UNICEF, the flooding killed more than 4,300 
people with thousands more missing and displaced. To respond to the crisis, 
QIAGEN contacted representatives of the Libyan government and provided a 
donation of reagents and consumables to assist in the identification of missing 
persons and catalyze search and recovery efforts. 
In addition to product donations that support healthcare services and laboratory 
infrastructure, QIAGEN also provided financial contributions to local Red Cross 
and Red Crescent Societies in response to international disasters. During the 
course of 2023, QIAGEN organized two global employee donation drives to 
raise funds for relief efforts in response to the earthquakes in Türkiye, Syria and 
Morocco, and the tragedy in Libya. These campaigns raised over $124,000 
from employee donations and a QIAGEN contribution, which matched the 
employee donations dollar for dollar.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 54
Social

Page 55:
Tuberculosis
Tuberculosis (TB) is one of the world’s leading infectious disease killers. In 
2021, more than 1.6 million people died and another 10.6 million people fell 
ill from the disease, according to the WHO. Recognizing this, for over a 
decade, QIAGEN has undertaken a global effort to advance diagnostics for TB 
in low-resource, high-disease burdened countries.
Our QuantiFERON-TB Gold Plus (QFT-Plus) remains one of the most widely used 
tests for the detection of Tuberculosis with over 100 million tests distributed to 
over 130 countries around the world. We work closely with the World Health 
Organization, Stop TB Partnership Private Sector Constituency, and many other 
organizations involved in the fight to eliminate this deadly disease and raise 
awareness on the importance of TB infection testing in order to reach global 
elimination targets. 
In 2023, we participated in the 2nd United Nations General Assembly High 
Level Meeting on Tuberculosis, delivering testimony on the importance of early 
detection and prevention of infection by cutting off the source of TB disease 
before transmission can occur. The meeting culminated in the adoption of a 
Political Declaration whereby Member States committed to find and treat 45 
million people between 2023 and 2027 and mobilize an additional $5 billion 
annually by 2027 for TB research. QIAGEN’s support for TB infection testing 
will be instrumental in reaching these targets.
In addition to supporting a global health movement, at the regional level, 
QIAGEN supported education and awareness for TB infection testing in rural 
First Nation indigenous communities in Canada and Alaska in 2023 through 
the QIAcommunities initiative. Since January 2023, QIAGEN has supported the 
Alaska Department of Health with numerous awareness-raising activities 
ranging from sponsoring free lunches and TB testing to podcasts and art 
contests for kids. In Canada, trainings were conducted for First Nation 
healthcare workers. Initial activities focused on Yukon and Northwest 
Territories, with plans to expand into Nunavut by the end of 2023 and into 
2024.
QIAGEN's commitment to aid in eradicating TB did not go unnoticed. In 2023, 
QIAGEN was recognized by the Treatment Action Group as one of the leading 
private sector funders of TB diagnostics research during 2022. Importantly, we 
are proud to renew our commitment to pediatric TB R&D and be recognized as 
one of three corporations in the private sector investing more than $500,000 in 
pediatric TB research in 2021. Children are often a neglected segment of this 
already neglected disease. The unique needs of children and adolescents 
require new tools and innovations, and QIAGEN is a leader in developing 
testing solutions suitable for this vulnerable population.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 55
Social

Page 56:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 56
Social
Providing Access 
to Healthcare
Accessibility
Affordability
Collaboration
Projects
Senegal + Central African Republic
• Colaboration with the Pasteur Network 
and Institut Pasteur
Malawi
• Malawi-Liverpool Wellcome Trust Clinical 
Research Programme for TB infection 
surveillance of pediatric population
El Salvador
• HPV screening project with Basic 
Health International
Ukraine
• Humanitarian assistance: Public 
Health Centre of Ukraine 
• Collaboration with We Stand NGO
United States + Canada
• QIAcommunities TB awareness and 
education program
Projects in the Spotlight
Senegal
 Ukraine
Central African Republic
 United States
Malawi
 Canada
El Salvador
Disease areas
Meningitis/Encephalitis Cervical cancer
Malaria MPOX
Tuberculosis HPV
HIV COVID-19


Page 57:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 57
Ensuring business 
with integrity
As a publicly listed company with international operations, 
we are subject to regulations in various jurisdictions. 
Unethical behavior and non-compliance with laws and 
regulations has the potential to seriously harm our business, 
our reputation, our shareholders, and expose our employees 
to personal liability. 
We have established a comprehensive Compliance Program 
which is overseen by the Global Compliance Manager and 
the Compliance Committee. The Compliance Committee is 
responsible for our Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics, 
which is updated annually, supplements specific policies for 
our employees, and meets the requirements of the SEC and 
the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The Code of Conduct 
and Ethics applies to all employees. 
Zero
major data security incidents
~8,000
completed compliance training courses

Page 58:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 58
Governance
Facts & figures
Ethics in R&D Compliance
Global procedures for clinical studies in 
place (Declaration of Helsinki, GCP, 
ISO20916)
~8,000
online training modules completed
Human rights Data security
Our Human Rights Policy provides 
guidance on our relationships with 
customers, distributors, product use, 
employees and our supply chain.
Zero 
incidents
Processes are based on ISO 27001
Sustainable supply chain 
management Quality and product safety
New suppliers committed to our 
procurement standards
94.5%
customer experience indicator score
95% 0.09%
of purchasing volume sourced from 
OECD countries
of products affected from a total of six 
recalls
Conflict mineral inquiries for all direct 
suppliers

Page 59:
Ensuring business with integrity 
Compliance, anti-corruption and anti-trust
Compliance program
As a publicly listed company with international operations, we are subject to 
regulations in various jurisdictions. Unethical behavior and non-compliance with 
laws and regulations has the potential to seriously harm our business, our 
reputation, our shareholders, and expose our employees to personal liability. 
We have established a comprehensive Compliance Program which is overseen 
by the Global Compliance Manager and the Compliance Committee, under the 
leadership of the Head of Global Legal Affairs and Compliance, who reports in 
this function directly to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The 
Compliance Committee consists of managers from Legal, Internal Audit, Human 
Resources, SEC Reporting, Clinical and Medical Affairs, and Trade 
Compliance. 
The Compliance Committee is responsible for our Corporate Code of Conduct 
and Ethics, which is updated annually, supplements specific policies for our 
employees, and meets the requirements of the SEC and the NYSE Listed 
Company Manual. The Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics applies to all 
employees including the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, the 
principal accounting officer or controller, and other persons performing similar 
functions. The full text of our Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics can be 
found on our website, www.qiagen.com, on the Compliance page under 
Investor Relations.
Our Compliance Program includes a broad range of policies including, but not 
limited to, aspects such as conflicts of interest, insider trading, revenue 
recognition, confidentiality, and social media. Policies regarding interactions 
with healthcare professionals are fully compliant with the AdvaMed Code of 
Ethics, and are described in detail in our Global Legal Framework for Sales 
and Marketing Activities Policy, which includes guidelines on various marketing 
activities such as samples, gifts, etc. All our compliance policies are available 
to employees via the intranet. Each policy includes a contact address and the 
invitation to comment or to ask questions.
Moreover, we do not make or receive any payments to or from political parties 
or political action committees. Such actions have been prohibited without 
exception by our Code of Conduct since its establishment in 1996. QIAGEN is 
a member of several industry trade associations, such as AdvaMed (U.S.) and 
MedTech (Europe), which work to advance important healthcare related 
initiatives with governmental and non-governmental organizations. We also 
collaborate with global health policy institutions such as the World Health 
Organization and regional consortia, such as the African Society for 
Laboratory Medicine, to improve affordable access to testing solutions for 
neglected diseases in low-resource settings. Besides our engagement in industry 
associations, we are not active in any direct lobbying activities.
Risk management
We pay special attention to anti-trust and anti-corruption laws. Non-compliance 
with the related rules can expose QIAGEN and its involved employees to 
monetary and reputational damage and criminal charges. Conversely, 
compliant behavior will improve the trust in us held by our customers, 
employees and shareholders and enhance our reputation in the market. Our 
Compliance Committee annually analyzes related risks, including anti-
competitive practices. The risk assessments are applied to the entire group. 
When evaluating the individual jurisdictions across each subsidiary, while we 
basically see a higher corruption risk in developing countries as per the 
Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index, we have not identified 
any significant risks related to corruption in any of our operations.
Furthermore, the Legal Department closely monitors the evolution of the law to 
adapt our policies and training courses, if needed. QIAGEN targets 100% 
compliance, i.e. no occurrence of any incidents in these areas. During 2023, 
there were no significant issues of non-compliance with any laws or regulations 
and no fines were paid during the reporting period. Our specific anti-trust 
policy and anti-corruption policy support our commitment to ensure that we 
abide by the anti-trust and anti-corruption laws of the countries in which we 
operate. Our policies on anti-trust and anti-corruption can be found on our 
Compliance webpage under Investor Relations. We extend our Compliance 
Program not only to our management and employees, but also to third-party 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 59
Governance

Page 60:
intermediaries, such as distributors or agents. Our third-party due diligence 
program, which is administered by our Global Compliance Manager, focuses 
on our local distributors and agents, and contains the following six elements:
(1) pre-screening, anti-corruption questionnaire and certification for new 
distributors, resellers and agents;
(2) annual risk assessment of selected third parties based on a calculated risk 
score, which factors in location of business and Corruption Perceptions 
Index;
(3) annual audits of the anti-corruption program and third-party risk 
management conducted by internal and external auditors;
(4) training for third-party distributors;
(5) contractual obligation to comply with applicable laws (including anti-
corruption laws) and QIAGEN's Code of Conduct and Anti-Corruption 
Policy, as well as compliance certification; and
(6) due diligence in the form of annual background checks of a random 
selection of third parties, and ongoing monitoring.
Compliance training courses
Our employees' awareness of compliance is shaped by regular in-person 
training courses held by external hosts as well as in-house legal and regulatory 
experts. 
We also offer online courses to instruct and verify knowledge of policies for 
anti-trust and competition, bribery and corruption, conflicts of interest, data 
protection, gifts and entertainment, harassment, insider trading, reporting, and 
respectful communication. Online training is provided to all employees in nine 
languages and supported by multiple communication resources. All new 
employees are required to complete online training regarding the QIAGEN 
Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics, and to confirm that they have read and 
understood the Code. Additional mandatory courses, including courses related 
to risks linked with job function, are customized to the specific area of 
responsibility. All employees in sales and marketing as well as upper 
management are required to complete trainings in anti-corruption and anti-trust 
laws on a regular basis. These basic training courses are followed by regular 
refresher courses with reassessment varying in frequency from quarterly to every 
three years depending on the course.
In 2023, our employees completed courses covering anti-harassment and 
discrimination, prevention of corruption and bribery, and business ethics. In 
addition, we keep employees informed on compliance topics through our 
intranet and regular updates via our internal communication platform Viva 
Engage and our quarterly Compliance Newsletter. During 2023, each 
employee was obliged to take cyber security trainings. Additionally, the 
majority of our management was obliged to take master data governance 
trainings, with this course offering extended to all new employees as well. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 60
Governance

Page 61:
2023
Compliance training courses
Number 
completed
Total time
(hrs)
Average time
(hrs)
Harassment and D&I by category:(1)
Harassment - U.S.  879  879  1.00 
Harassment - Non U.S.  2,561  2,561  1.00 
Diversity & Inclusion  388  279  0.72 
Anti-corruption and bribery(2)  1,930  1,081  0.56 
Business ethics(3) 2,158 1,273 0.59
(1) Includes Harassment, Sexual Harassment and D&I. Note D&I is mandatory in curriculum starting in 2022.
(2) Includes third-party training on anti-corruption and bribery
(3) Includes Code of Conduct course & handbook
QIAintegrity Line
Our hotline for the good faith reporting of violations of the law or our 
compliance policies is in accordance with the applicable German 
Whistleblower Act (Hinweisgeberschutzgesetz), the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act, 
and the listing standards of the NYSE. We follow a strict non-retaliation policy. 
Upon identification of a report, we diligently investigate all such complaints and 
protect the anonymity of the complainant to ensure protection from retaliation 
as well as to secure the employment status of the complainant. We also offer a 
direct email and telephone hotline for employees to communicate questions or 
make suggestions for our Compliance Program.
In 2023, we updated our Whistleblower Policy to allow compliance- or audit-
related complaints to be collected from outside the organization and not limited 
to only reports by employees. The new QIAGEN integrity line is accessible via 
the QIAGEN website. It is open for all persons or groups of persons who are 
directly or indirectly affected by human rights or environmental risks or 
violations within QIAGEN’s own business area or within QIAGEN’s supply 
chains. 
Reported potential or actual violations and breaches will be forwarded to the 
Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. A written or oral report can be 
submitted via the digital reporting system, with text available in 19 languages.
Sustainable procurement
Supplier structure
Our direct distribution network extends across more than 30 countries 
worldwide, and our sites are supported by a global supplier network that 
includes over 6,100 suppliers in more than 70 countries supplying resources 
such as chemicals and bioreagents, plastics, packaging materials, and other 
materials and services essential to our business. Currently, 95% of our overall 
purchasing volume comes from OECD countries.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 61
Governance

Page 62:
Region of origin of suppliers 2023 2022
Europe  62 %  58 %
Asia  5 %  8 %
North America  31 %  27 %
South America  — %  4 %
Australia  2 %  2 %
Africa  — %  1 %
Total  100 %  100 %
New Supplier Code of Conduct
We strive to ensure that our quality standards, compliance with laws and 
regulations, as well as environmental and social standards, are observed along 
the entire value chain. QIAGEN expects the same high standards that it has set 
for itself as an organization from its suppliers. In 2023, we introduced our 
revised Supplier Code of Conduct. Acceptance of this code is an integral part 
of our terms and conditions. All suppliers are requested to commit to QIAGEN’s 
Supplier Code of Conduct and to accept the human rights, environment and 
sustainability principles defined therein as a precondition for a contractual 
relationship with QIAGEN. Accepting our Purchase Orders is a confirmation of 
acknowledging our Code of Conduct.
The revised QIAGEN Supplier Code of Conduct refers to numerous obligations, 
and it safeguards fundamental human rights. In addition to the obligation to 
fully comply with applicable laws and other behavioral requirements, it 
includes:
New QIAGEN Supplier Code of Conduct
• Standards to prevent corruption,
• Ethical standards in research and development, 
• Fair trade and competition,
• Environmental, health and safety standards,
• Fair standards for wages, benefits and working hours,
• Freedom of association,
• Non-discrimination and fair treatment, and
• Standards for the sourcing of conflict materials.
We expect our suppliers to commit to respect human rights and environmental 
protection, to establish appropriate due diligence processes, and to pass these 
principles on to their own suppliers. The Supplier Code of Conduct is available 
online on our website, along with the QIAGEN Procurement Policy. 
In alignment with the revision of the Supplier Code of Conduct, our internal 
procurement policy was updated in 2023. The policy applies to QIAGEN 
procurement activities globally and serves as the foundation to enable and 
ensure sustainable sourcing at QIAGEN.
With respect to the revised Supplier Code of Conduct, 100% of employees 
working in procurement completed training. Our compliance training program 
ensures that employees in the procurement organization understand our existing 
guidelines and policies and comply with them. The training is mandatory. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 62
Governance

Page 63:
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 63
Governance
2023 in sustainable procurement
In 2023, as well as in 2024, 
ESG-related objectives 
were integrated into the 
personal goals of all 
procurement employees.
New Supplier Code of 
Conduct.
Internal procurement policy 
was updated in 2023.
100% of employees working 
in procurement completed 
training.
80% of total spend in 2023 
was with suppliers with 
1 environmental and 1 social 
goal.
The risk analysis for 2023 
reflected that no suppliers 
under the German Supply 
Chain Act pose potential 
risks based on their location 
and transactions with 
QIAGEN.
Established a Human Rights 
Committee.

Page 64:
Supply chain management
The Global Procurement Team, situated across several countries, assumes a 
pivotal role in overseeing acquisitions and expenditures in our production cycle 
and across various other business functions. It provides the required strategic 
overall direction and informational foundation and enables efficient and 
effective operational execution. This includes defining, developing and 
realizing all relevant category and supply base strategies to execute and 
support global procurement and sourcing activities. The team is tasked with 
driving cost savings, investigating innovation, supporting ESG initiatives, 
securing availability of products and services, and ensuring compliance within 
the category.
Additionally it engages in spend, trend, and forecast analyses, and conducts 
quantitative reviews of price and market benchmarks. It also participates in the 
oversight and verification of the quality of procured goods and services by 
ensuring specifications adhere with business requirements.
Furthermore, our Head of Procurement serves as an ambassador to the 
Sustainable Procurement Pledge, an international non-profit organization for 
procurement professionals, driving awareness and knowledge on responsible 
sourcing practices.
In 2023, we continued to navigate through supply chain interruptions in a 
disruptive supply landscape. We took action to hedge against our exposure by 
employing a combination of long-term agreements and alternative sourcing 
activities in the short and mid-term. Our ability to engage this adaptive strategy 
allowed us to navigate the challenges during the year posed by the dynamic 
and unpredictable nature of the supply environment.
Integrating sustainability throughout the value chain
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 64
Governance
Preferably 
sustainable sourcing 
New Supplier Code of Conduct
Jointly maturing towards 
SBTi target achievement
Reduce, reuse, 
recycle
Transfer 
from air freight 
to ocean
Customer survey 
on waste 
management
Pilot to identify 
recycling options
Recyclability
Suppliers
QIAGENCustomers

Page 65:
Due diligence in the supply chain
Risk analysis
When working with suppliers, we apply a multi-stage selection process to 
minimize compliance, environmental and social risks in our supply chain. 
Suppliers are subject to a risk analysis covering environmental and social 
criteria based on their geographic location. To ensure the reliability of these 
criteria, we leverage information from reputable sources, including the MVO 
Netherlands platform, funded by the Dutch Foreign Ministry, and the 
Sustainable Development Goals Index in 2022 from the Bertelsmann Stiftung. 
Effective risk management enables us to perform an assessment of human rights 
and environmental risks in our operating business with greater comprehension 
and prioritization, resulting in more efficient identification and integration of 
main risk areas. To date, this includes:
• regular risk assessment of existing suppliers and new suppliers during their 
onboarding process,
• review and analysis of results from the annual environment, health and safety 
risk workshops,
• understanding and integration of our experience in dealing with critical/
controversial business activities, incorporating the expertise of external 
human rights experts, and
• insights from dialogues with investors, NGOs, key opinion leaders and other 
stakeholders.
Our subsidiary in Hilden, Germany is subject to the German Supply Chain Act 
(Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz or LkSG) as of January 1, 2024. The new 
law imposes extended due diligence requirements in the supply chain on 
QIAGEN. To effectively address the challenges of a sustainable supply chain 
and meet the regulatory requirements as well as our own ambitions, we refined 
our existing risk analysis and implemented various measures in 2023, including 
the establishment of a Human Rights Committee. Read more about its 
composition in the section Human rights in this chapter.
The risk analysis for 2023 reflected that no suppliers falling under the German 
Supply Chain Act pose potential risks based on their geographic location and 
their transactions with QIAGEN.
Direct suppliers
As a general principle, our suppliers have to commit to our Supplier Code of 
Conduct and the embedded human rights and environmental principles, and to 
adhere to these principles in their supply chain. As part of this commitment, our 
direct suppliers are obliged to allow us to conduct audits.
Each new supplier is required to complete a questionnaire that collects 
information on specific human rights and environmental risk, as well as aspects 
of safety, quality and cyber security. We plan to extend the questionnaire to 
existing suppliers during 2024 through an electronic survey administered by the 
cloud-based tool we use to onboard our suppliers. For registered suppliers, we 
regularly track potential incidents with media checks via the same system.
The effectiveness of our prevention measures is reviewed by our Human Rights 
Committee annually, or on an ad hoc basis as needed.
Supplier assessment and audits
We conduct comprehensive assessments as part of our supplier selection 
process. All direct strategic suppliers with a critical impact on the value of our 
supply undergo this assessment. Among other things, the assessment is based 
on the following criteria: quality management, future supply strategies, financial 
stability, embargoes, and risks of natural disaster. In 2023, this process was 
adapted to leverage criteria in line with the evolving compliance regarding 
environmental and social risks. We collect the relevant data for the assessment 
via a submitted questionnaire or when assessing the suppliers directly on site 
during a visit. In 2024, we anticipate more than 20 site visits. If suppliers fail to 
fulfil all criteria, we reserve the right to refrain from future cooperation.
For all direct suppliers that we define as critical, quality audits are conducted 
on site at least every three years on a case-by-case basis. We document all 
audit findings and share the results with the audited suppliers. In case of non-
conformity with quality processes, we deliver corrective actions to the supplier 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 65
Governance

Page 66:
and continually follow-up until effective implementation adheres to expected 
quality standards. Beginning in 2024, ESG-related topics will be incorporated 
into procedures evaluating quality processes.
For the onboarding of new suppliers, we use a cloud-based tool with automated 
and optimized due diligence processes. Moreover, we utilize this system to 
continuously monitor documentation data and performance-related criteria of 
registered suppliers, as well as to track the progress of the risk assessments. We 
anticipate that this tool will also help us achieve our supply chain-related 
climate target we have committed to under the SBTi, as discussed in the 
Environment chapter under Minimize carbon footprint.
Preventive measures
Competency and awareness
In 2023, as will also be the case in 2024, ESG-related objectives were 
integrated into the personal goals of all procurement employees. Beginning in 
2024, new and mandatory employee training courses regarding sustainability 
and human rights in the supply chain were introduced. Furthermore, internal 
quality processes will be extended as Global Procurement will report on local 
environmental and human rights protection laws in connection with audits 
commencing in 2024.
Partnerships with suppliers
In addition to assessments and audits, we engage in strategic partnerships with 
suppliers. In these partnerships, we work collaboratively on joint projects, 
events, training courses, and other shared commitments. In general, it is our 
goal to strengthen ongoing partnerships with our suppliers, for example by 
aligning our ecological and social goals. During our Strategic Supplier 
Meetings in 2023, we further intensified the cooperation with our suppliers by 
sharing our SBTi commitments and guidance on the emission reduction goals. In 
order to enable our suppliers to reduce their emissions as well, we analyzed 
their maturity levels and provided information packages or further direct 
communication. Our commitment to sourcing from suppliers having at least one 
environmental and one social goal reached 80% of our total spend in 2023. In 
2024, we aim to expand our reach and include more suppliers.
Remedies
If we become aware of potential or actual violations and breaches of the LkSG 
or our Supplier Code of Conduct, communicated for example through the 
QIAintegrity Line, we will take immediate corrective action. In a first step, any 
report is anonymously forwarded to the Compliance Team, which then reviews 
the report with the appropriate teams. 
With regard to violations due to our own business operations, we will take 
remedial measures to correct identified violations and prevent future violations.
In the case of (imminent) violations involving direct suppliers, we will develop a 
corrective action plan with the affected suppliers and monitor its 
implementation, provided that the business relationship is to be continued. In 
the case of indirect suppliers, in the event of substantiated knowledge of a 
(threatened) violation, we will develop a process for the prevention and 
termination of human rights or environmental violations, and ensure its 
implementation.
We reserve the right to terminate a business relationship in accordance with the 
requirements of the LkSG, including in exceptional cases:
• serious violations of the law,
• no remedy through implemented measures after the specified time has 
expired,
• no alternative options identified and our ability to exert influence does not 
appear promising.
Conflict minerals
U.S. legislation has been enacted to improve transparency and accountability 
concerning the sourcing of conflict minerals from mines located in the conflict 
zones of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and its adjoining countries. 
Conflict minerals comprise tantalum, tin, tungsten (or their ores) and gold. 
Certain of our instrumentation product components that we purchase from third 
party suppliers contain gold. This U.S. legislation requires manufacturers, such 
as us, to investigate our supply chain and disclose if there is any use of conflict 
minerals originating in the DRC or adjoining countries. We conduct due 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 66
Governance

Page 67:
diligence measures annually to determine the presence of conflict minerals in 
our products and the source of any such conflict minerals. Because we do not 
purchase conflict minerals directly from smelters or refineries, we rely on our 
suppliers to specify to us their conflict minerals sources and declare their conflict 
minerals status. We disclosed our most recent conflict minerals findings to the 
Securities Exchange Commission for the calendar year ending December 31, 
2023, on Form SD on May 31, 2024, and will provide updated disclosure to 
the Securities Exchange Commission as required.
Human rights
Respect for human rights is an essential component of promoting sustainability 
in our global business. As a publicly listed company with international 
operations, we regard ourselves as a responsible corporate citizen in all the 
countries and regions where we do business. This role includes rights and 
obligations governed by international and national law, with human rights as 
one of the foundational elements. Our Human Rights Policy is designed to 
provide guidance on all human rights issues in our sphere of influence, 
including our relationships with customers, employees and in our supply chain. 
Our Human Rights Policy can be found on our sustainability webpage. Further, 
beginning in 2024, we published a General Declaration on our Human Rights 
Strategy in accordance with the German Due Diligence Supply Chain Act 
(QIAGEN compliance webpage).
We acknowledge and endorse the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 
the European Convention on Human Rights, the business-related Organization 
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises, the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work, and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights 
and its application in National Actions Plans of our relevant jurisdictions. Our 
subsidiaries in the U.K. comply with the U.K. Modern Slavery Act 2015.
Management of our human rights issues lie within different departments 
depending on the subject area, but may involve Legal Affairs and Compliance, 
Human Resources, Procurement, Sales and/or ESG. Our review of potential 
compliance matters with respect to human rights violations applies a risk-based 
approach. Our review takes into account that our global operations can be 
classified as based in either administrative, research and development, 
manufacturing or sales. None of these areas, including our manufacturing sites, 
allow for employment practices that violate human rights principles (such as 
child or slave labor). Furthermore, local management is responsible for 
overseeing that all employees adhere to the observance of the principles set 
forth in our Code of Conduct and Ethics and our Human Rights Policy at all 
sites. In 2023, we established a Human Rights Committee. The Committee is 
comprised of the Vice President Procurement, the Head of ESG Strategy & 
Impacts Programs, and the Head of Legal Affairs and Compliance. It is 
responsible for ensuring the implementation of human rights due diligence 
measures. Please refer to section Sustainable procurement in the Governance 
chapter to learn about the risk management of supply chain.
Business ethics
Management of ethical matters
As a global leader in in vitro diagnostics, we acknowledge the critical 
importance of bioethics in guiding our research, development, and clinical 
practices. Our recently developed bioethics policy outlines our commitment to 
ethical integrity across all facets of our operations. Our established Bioethics 
Committee, led by the Chief Medical Officer, operates within the broader 
structure of the Compliance Committee. This arrangement ensures 
comprehensive ethical oversight, with regular meetings to review and update 
our policies in response to new ethical challenges and scientific advancements. 
The integration of our Bioethics Committee within the Compliance Committee 
ensures a comprehensive approach to ethical decision-making. This 
collaborative model fosters cross-functional dialogue and enhances our ability 
to effectively address complex ethical dilemmas. Our stakeholder engagement 
strategy involves regular dialogue with patients, healthcare providers, 
regulatory authorities, and other key stakeholders. This engagement helps us to 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 67
Governance

Page 68:
refine our policies and practices, ensuring they are responsive to diverse 
perspectives and the evolving landscape of healthcare and diagnostics.
Ethics in clinical studies
Clinical studies are essential to evaluate the performance and clinical value of 
our regulated clinical diagnostic tests. This information is required by regulatory 
authorities to gain marketing approval. More importantly, we are committed to 
bringing high performance products to the market, and this can only be 
achieved by establishing the performance characteristics of a potential product 
according to its intended use. Therefore, we and our partners conduct clinical 
studies for our diagnostics tests that are to be approved for use as in vitro 
diagnostics in a patient care pathway. In the conduct of these studies, we 
commit to ensuring the well-being, safety, ethical concerns, and legal rights of 
the study volunteers.
We have built global procedures for the conduct of clinical studies which abide 
by the following principles:
• The Declaration of Helsinki: This is a statement of ethical principles that was 
developed by the World Medical Association (WMA) to guide medical 
research, formally entitled WMA Declaration of Helsinki – Ethical Principles 
for Medical Research Involving Human Subjects,
• The International Conference on Harmonization and national Good Clinical 
Practice (GCP) guidelines,
• Standards under ISO 20916: In vitro diagnostic medical devices — Clinical 
performance studies using specimens from human subjects — Good study 
practice.
All investigators and staff involved in studies must be suitably qualified for their 
role. They are required to have a current GCP certification (renewed 
biannually) which demonstrates training in the ethical conduct of clinical trials 
with human participants. Eligible studies must be approved by ethics 
committees or the Institutional Review Board prior to initiation, and if required, 
have the appropriate regulatory approvals from authorities in the country in 
which the study is being conducted. Study sites require proof of qualifications 
before participating in a study to ensure compliance with all relevant 
regulations, including financial disclosures and suitability of the principal 
investigator and site staff. Study master files are compiled to ensure full 
recording and monitoring of the study, which may be subject to audit by 
relevant authorities.
We use residual (left-over) patient samples whenever possible in our studies, 
minimizing the need to actively collect new samples from patients. Where 
active participation by volunteers in studies is needed, we obtain informed 
consent by providing them with a comprehensive overview of the study 
including its risks and benefits and alternative options for the patient, in 
accordance with best practices.
Appropriate guidelines, such as ISO 20916, Clinical and Laboratory Standards 
Institute guidelines and direct feedback and guidance documents from 
regulatory authorities, are followed when designing QIAGEN clinical studies. 
This is to ensure the integrity of study design, adherence to sound scientific 
principles, and that high quality data are generated, while minimizing the risk 
to volunteers. 
Through our clinical and medical monitoring, we oversee study and patient 
risks and assess any adverse event or device event reports, which are then 
appropriately reviewed and reported to authorities (e.g., FDA, European 
Competent Authorities, dependent on study location) when required.
Personally identifiable data that we collect while conducting studies are kept 
confidential in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. All 
volunteers are issued unique subject identification numbers to de-identify patient 
data, ensuring we meet the requirement for data privacy. For transparency and 
accessibility of clinical performance data of clinical diagnostic tests, we 
undertake to:
• register relevant studies on www.clinicaltrials.gov, a resource provided by 
the U.S. National Library of Medicine and,
• publish studies in peer-reviewed publications in an anonymized fashion.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 68
Governance

Page 69:
Ethical product use
We endorse the application of our products, our services, and our operations in 
compliance with human rights principles and codes such as the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights. Many of our products, such as DNA 
or RNA extraction kits, have an intended use for a broad range of research 
and diagnostic applications, including COVID-19, oncology testing and 
forensics. None of them are designed for population screening, but we 
acknowledge that it is technically possible to operate our products for this 
purpose. As per our Human Rights Policy, we do not tolerate the misuse of our 
products for purposes such as mass screening and surveillance of ethnic 
minorities, and we will block customers involved in such practices from further 
sales should this become known to us. However, as we operate via distributors 
in many countries, we have no means of monitoring the identity of all our end-
users of our products, nor can we control the use of our products by end 
customers.
Following media reports about the use of DNA profiling technologies for the 
genetic surveillance of minorities in certain countries, we reviewed our 
commercialization channels in the identified countries and could not confirm 
that any such practices were performed with our products.
To further mitigate this risk, we now require our distributors to sign distribution 
agreements requiring them to block end customers from further sales in the 
event they become aware of any misuse of our products as defined by our 
Human Rights Policy. Those amendments give us the legal leverage to terminate 
the respective distribution agreement if necessary.
Animal testing
QIAGEN does not conduct any animal testing or related research activities. 
However, we procure raw materials for some of our products from suppliers 
that potentially may conduct animal testing and / or research as stated in 
CIoMS (Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences). Rules are 
in place within our Supplier Code of Conduct (available on our QIAGEN 
website) to ensure responsible actions. These rules request that suppliers 
conduct testing and research activities in line with the guidelines of international 
organizations such as the Association for the Assessment and Accreditation of 
Laboratory Animal Care (AAALAC).
Ethical use of genetic editing
Genome editing tools such as CRISPR-Cas9 are revolutionizing life science 
research and have the potential to prevent and treat many diseases. Our 
solutions are used in almost every laboratory conducting CRISPR and other 
gene modification techniques. While such technologies can enable major 
advances in life science research, we truly appreciate the complex ethical 
considerations of using such technology, as well as the need for clear 
guidelines and policies. 
At QIAGEN, we fully support the careful development of guidelines by scientific 
and societal leaders, with involvement and transparency for diverse elements of 
society with a stake in the issue. Tight regulations and ethical rules about the 
use of genome editing are necessary to prevent misconduct and avoid harm to 
people and the ecosystem in which we live. We endorse the principles and 
proposals of scientific organizations and advisory groups that have issued 
cautionary guidelines, namely the American Society of Human Genetics and 
the European Society of Human Genetics.
In 2019, leading scientists and ethicists from seven countries called for an 
international moratorium on all clinical uses of human germline editing to 
produce genetically modified children. These leaders are asking for a fixed-
period ban on changing heritable human DNA (in sperm, eggs or embryos) to 
make genetically modified offspring. We strongly agree with the moratorium 
and require compliance according to our Human Rights Policy. All employees 
who become aware or have suspicions of customers using our products in a 
non-compliant manner in this field are required to notify our Head of Legal 
Affairs and Compliance in accordance with our policy on Ethical Issues in 
Gene Typing.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 69
Governance

Page 70:
Data and cyber security
Considering the increasingly challenging cyber threat landscape, the realities of 
a remote workforce and our steadily progressing digitalization efforts, cyber 
security remains an important topic for our organization. We have made 
investments to improve the cyber-resilience of our organization, products and 
services. Preserving the trust of our customers, partners and employees is our 
goal. 
Despite our security measures, the risk of data breaches remains. Potential 
incidents can have severe ramifications including financial loss, reputational 
damage, and legal penalties. Cyber-attacks, such as ransomware, can cause 
significant operational disruptions, impeding the timely delivery of services and 
products and potentially impacting our commitments to our stakeholders. We 
are aware that some of the data we are processing, if leaked, may harm the 
trust of the general public, our partners and customers. Our cyber security 
program, therefore, aims to implement robust measures ensuring the 
confidentiality, availability and integrity of critical data and services. 
Our cyber security efforts are based on the ISO 27001 standard and 
incorporate the Information Security Forum "Standard of Good Practice for 
Information Security." Global cyber security and privacy requirements are 
actively monitored for and discussed as part of our Cyber Security Council as 
well as during Data Protection Committee meetings, both held multiple times a 
year. 
To facilitate information and knowledge exchange, QIAGEN has joined well-
known industry and governmental cyber security communities like the 
Information Security Forum (ISF), Allianz für Cyber-Sicherheit and Health-ISAC. 
Our Cyber Security Team consists of members with varying professional, 
educational, cultural and industry backgrounds, as well as a balanced mix of 
technical and managerial skills. We encourage and support our cyber security 
employees to further develop their skill set and participate in relevant security 
industry and community activities. 
Our cyber security program considers evolving business requirements, 
regulatory guidance, and emerging threats. We have supporting privacy and 
cyber security policies and guidelines in place, which are reviewed and 
approved as part of our Cyber Security Council and Compliance Committee 
procedures. These policies and guidelines are applicable to all employees and 
are available on our intranet. Furthermore, we offer employees mandatory 
training during which we carry out knowledge checks to ensure that the content 
was understood by the trainees. 
QIAGEN has a high cyber security awareness culture. For our mandatory cyber 
security awareness training, we have, on average, approximately 85% of our 
staff worldwide successfully complete the training and we are actively working 
on increasing this completion rate further. We also conduct regular 'phishing' 
simulations, providing all staff members with an opportunity to interact in a safe 
manner with up-to-date phishing threats as observed from real threat actors. We 
offer frequent awareness webinars and workshops on important security topics, 
including new phishing trends, as well as role-specific trainings. In addition, the 
cyber security team regularly conducts incident response exercises to evaluate 
the organization's established procedures, including an analysis of each 
applicable incident response stage. 
We are monitoring our organization’s externally exposed assets and services 
(Attack Surface Monitoring), as well as information exposure (Dark Web 
Monitoring) to identify blind spots and potential weaknesses. Our vulnerability 
management program covers our global networks, digital workplaces and 
corporate cloud environments. We are working with Council for Registered 
Ethical Security Testers (CREST) certified partners to conduct regular, at least 
annual, security assessments of our global infrastructure. We further engage 
with external partners as needed to utilize their expertise for advanced security 
assessments. Cyber security risks are considered in the context of our Enterprise 
Risk Management
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 70
Governance

Page 71:
Tax
Tax accountability, governance and compliance
We are committed to conducting business lawfully, ethically, and with the 
highest degree of integrity. These fundamental values and principles are key to 
our long-term success and the basis of our tax strategy. Our tax strategy is 
firmly anchored within the company, being considered within our risk 
management, subject to management decisions, and reviewed with our 
Supervisory Board. Our tax strategy is embedded in the following guiding 
principles, reflecting our status as a listed company and the regulated nature of 
our business.
Tax is part of our corporate governance and is supervised by the Managing 
Board. Our tax function is centrally managed and controlled by our Global Tax 
Department, which is part of the Global Finance organization. It is led by the 
Global Head of Tax, who reports to the Chief Financial Officer. Under the 
ultimate responsibility of our Audit Committee and Managing Board, the Chief 
Financial Officer regularly reviews, evaluates, approves and, where necessary, 
adjusts our approach to tax.
Tax management
One of the basic principles for sustainable tax management is that taxes should 
be paid where economic value is generated. We allocate assets to the 
jurisdictions in which the underlying activities are performed, and risks are 
assumed. This ensures that the return on our business activities is allocated and 
taxed where they are actually performed. The volume of product and service 
that flows among entities within the company is significant, and the price of 
transactions among our entities is an important factor in our overall tax 
organization. Within Global Tax, our Transfer Pricing Team determines the 
policy for the pricing of such transactions based on a full analysis of the value 
drivers of our business, ensuring that international and local rules are followed. 
Our objective is that all entities are remunerated at “arm’s length”, in 
accordance with OECD guidelines and country-specific rules and regulations. 
The intellectual property related to our products, and also to marketing specific 
intangibles, are key profit drivers within QIAGEN, and profits generated with 
the employment of such assets are appropriately remunerated with the 
respective owner. The owner is the company controlling and taking the 
entrepreneurial risk of investing in the intellectual property. Our main 
entrepreneurs and intellectual property owners are companies in Germany and 
the U.S.
We seek an open dialogue with our stakeholders, including relevant tax 
authorities, our shareholders, customers, business partners, employees, 
governments, regulators, NGOs, and the communities in which we operate. In 
some cases, QIAGEN and the respective tax authority may disagree on the 
correct application of local tax law. In the event of disputes, we collaborate 
with the respective tax authority in a fair and positive spirit to find balanced 
solutions in accordance with the applicable laws.
We only use business structures that are driven by commercial considerations, 
are aligned with business activities, and have genuine substance. We do not 
operate in countries that are on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions for 
tax purposes.
Tax benefits
Like many companies, we seek to optimize our global tax position by accepting 
tax incentives. In doing so, we strive to achieve an appropriate balance 
between corporate, employee and shareholder interests, as well as public 
interest. We are committed to conducting business lawfully, ethically, and with 
the highest degree of integrity. We seek to comply with both the letter and the 
spirit of the relevant local and international tax laws and principles wherever 
we operate, and we anticipate paying tax on profits where our business 
activities take place and added value is created. If possible and ethically 
appropriate, we apply for tax incentives and exemptions. Such tax incentive 
schemes relate to eligible research and development activities performed by 
QIAGEN. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 71
Governance

Page 72:
Compliance and relationships with tax authorities
We are committed to complying with the tax legislation of the countries in 
which we operate and create added value, and to paying the right amount of 
tax at the right time. We strive for full and timely tax compliance. To minimize 
any tax compliance risk, a frequent review process is in place to secure timely 
and correct tax filings and tax payments. In the execution of tax compliance, 
third-party tax service providers are often involved under the supervision of the 
Global Tax Department.
Transparency
Country-by-Country Reporting (CbCR) requires multinationals to report with 
aggregate data on the global allocation of income, profit, taxes paid, and 
economic activity among tax jurisdictions in which they operate. This requires 
QIAGEN N.V., the ultimate parent of the QIAGEN Group, to file an annual 
CbCR report to the Dutch taxing authorities. 
We provide in the following selected, aggregated information for the regions 
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), North and South America (Americas), 
and Asia Pacific, Japan and Rest of World (APAC). We also provide more 
detailed information and reconciliation in accordance with the respective GRI 
standard in the Annex of this report. The following information is based on U.S. 
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), which is underlying to the 
CbCR filing in the Netherlands. 
(in thousands, except headcount)
2023 2022
EMEA Americas APAC Total EMEA Americas APAC Total
Headcount 3,453 1,329 1,185 5,967 3,556 1,372 1,250 6,178
Income tax paid(1)  $40,303  $38,320  $3,786  $82,409  $85,996  $28,326  $6,154  $120,476 
Related party revenues  $1,762,690  $919,287  $36,132  $2,718,109  $2,239,637  $827,477  $28,534  $3,095,648 
Profit before income tax for CbCR  $169,685  $235,364  $2,272  $407,321  $234,848  $240,534  $21,930  $497,312 
Tangible assets  $916,116  $360,630  $79,186  $1,355,932  $798,317  $344,754  $86,125  $1,229,196 
Financial assistance from governments
We recognize government grants when there is reasonable assurance that all 
conditions will be complied with and the grant will be received. Our 
government grants generally represent subsidies for specified research and 
development activities and are therefore recognized when earned as a 
reduction of the expenses recorded for the activity for which the grants are 
intended to compensate. Thus, when the grant relates to research and 
development expenses, the grant is recognized over the same period that the 
related costs are incurred. Otherwise, amounts received under government 
grants are recorded as liabilities in the statement of financial position. When 
the grant relates to an asset, the value of the grant is deducted from the 
carrying amount of the asset and recognized over the same period that the 
related asset is depreciated or amortized.
In 2023, we received government grants in the amount of $4.4 million (2022: 
$2.4 million). At December 31, 2023, we did not carry any liabilities related 
to government grants.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 72
Governance

Page 73:
Under the Green Deal, the European Union is striving for a green transition of 
its economy. The deal calls for sustainable growth by mitigating climate 
change, protecting the environment and preserving biodiversity. To help reach 
its goal of climate neutrality by 2050, the European Union aims to redirect 
capital flows towards sustainable investments and projects.
The Taxonomy-Regulation is part of the EU Action Plan on Sustainable Finance 
and contains a classification system for environmentally sustainable business 
activities. Under the Regulation’s disclosure obligations, companies will be 
required to disclose their share of Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned activities. 
This will increase transparency and allow investors to make decisions according 
to sustainability aspects.
The EU Taxonomy-Regulation defines six environmental objectives to which the 
economic activities listed in the Regulation and its delegated acts can 
contribute: 
• climate change mitigation 
• climate change adaptation 
• sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources 
• transition to a circular economy 
• pollution prevention and control 
• protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems 
The EU Taxonomy distinguishes between two levels: Taxonomy-eligibility and 
Taxonomy-alignment. Beginning in 2023, all six environmental objectives need 
to be considered. For the first two environmental objectives (climate change 
mitigation and climate change adaptation) Taxonomy-eligibility and -alignment 
reporting is required. For the remaining four environmental objectives, only a 
reporting about Taxonomy-eligibility is required.
According to Article 8 of the Taxonomy-Regulation, in conjunction with the 
Delegated Acts for the reporting year 2023, key figures on turnover, 
operational and capital expenditures are to be reported for Taxonomy-eligible 
and Taxonomy-aligned economic activities. The tables provided within the 
Delegated Act on Article 8 are to be used for the presentation of the key 
figures. 
Taxonomy-eligibility and Taxonomy-alignment
An economic activity is Taxonomy-eligible if it fulfills the description given in the 
Delegated Act of the corresponding environmental objective. For Taxonomy-
alignment, an economic activity must additionally comply with the technical 
screening criteria and minimum safeguards.
The technical screening criteria are composed of the substantial contribution 
criteria and the do no significant harm criteria: 
• Substantial Contribution: Companies must meet defined technical 
requirements, for example regarding the level of CO2 emissions of an 
economic activity. 
• Do-No-Significant-Harm (DNSH): Companies must ensure that the 
contribution to one of the six environmental goals does not do significant 
harm to the environmental objectives. This must be verified through, for 
example, a climate risk analysis. 
The underlying requirements for Substantial Contribution and DNSH are 
documented for each individual economic activity in the Delegated Act of the 
corresponding environmental objective. For the minimal social safeguards, an 
approach is set at the corporate level for every activity through which the 
reporting company must prove its compliance with the following frameworks:
• International Bill of Human Rights 
• International Labor Organization Declaration on Fundamental Rights and 
Principles at Work 
• UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights 
• OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises (OECD MNE Guidelines)
We did not collect evidence for the fulfillment of the Minimum Social 
Safeguards for 2023 and will use a fit-gap-analysis for the Minimum Social 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 73
EU Taxonomy

Page 74:
Safeguards to prove the fulfillment of the Minimum Social Safeguards for 2024 
in line with the updated OECD guidelines with the aspect of Science, 
Technology and Innovation.
Determination of Taxonomy-eligible business activities
In an initial screening, we examined our whole portfolio to determine relevant 
business activities. Our core business is not covered by the Climate Delegated 
Act on the environmental objectives of Climate Change Mitigation and 
Adaptation that has been submitted to date. The Environmental Delegated Act 
was adopted in June 2023 during a comprehensive workshop where the 
business activities of the four new environmental objectives were assessed. Still, 
none of the listed economic activities, neither from the Climate Delegated Act 
nor from the Environmental Delegated Act, match our business model.
Nevertheless, the economic activities listed in the table below are principally 
relevant to us through the acquisition of products in these categories:
6.5 Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles
7.3 Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment
7.5 Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for 
measuring, regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings
All activities which QIAGEN defined as Taxonomy-eligible are allocated to 
both climate-related environmental objectives. As for QIAGEN’s actions in 
context with the respective activities, since no adaptation to climate change can 
be derived, this environmental objective is excluded. Next to climate change 
mitigation, the economic activity of Installation, maintenance and repair of 
energy efficiency equipment could contribute as well to the environmental 
objective circular economy. We consider this activity rather contributing to 
Climate Change Mitigation than to Circular Economy. The emphasis of building 
and renovating buildings is energy efficiency. We have not identified any 
building projects specifically dedicated to Circular Economy. With that, none of 
our taxonomy-eligible activities contributes to more than one environmental 
objective.
We use our internal reporting systems to assess defined KPIs and document 
them under standardized data queries to the extent possible, structuring the 
format to ensure we are not double-counting our economic activities when 
calculating turnover, CapEx, and OpEx.
We disclose the three KPIs below in adherence with Annex II of the Disclosure 
Delegated Act and also address the role of nuclear and gas activities as 
required under the Complementary Delegated Act of the EU Taxonomy.
Disclosure of the financial KPIs
Turnover
To determine the turnover KPI, the Taxonomy-Regulation requires that the net 
turnover, generated with business activities contributing to the respective 
environmental objective, is related to the net turnover of the QIAGEN Group as 
shown in the Consolidated Income Statements and information provided in 
Note 4 "Revenue" in the IFRS Annual Report (available on our website). As 
QIAGEN's material, revenue-generating economic activities are not covered by 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation, the share of Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-
aligned revenues is 0%. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 74
EU Taxonomy

Page 75:
QIAGEN reports the following for 2023: 
Fiscal Year N 2023 Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH (Does Not Significantly Harm) criteria
Economic activities (1)
Code (a) (2)
Turnover (3)
Proportion of 
Turnover, year N 
(4)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (5)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy 
(9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (11)
Climate Change 
Adaption (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy 
(15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum 
Safeguards (17)
Proportion of 
Taxonomy aligned 
(A.1.) or eligible 
(A.2.) turnover, 
year N-1 (18)
Category enabling 
activity (19)
Category 
transitional activity 
(20)
kUSD %
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a) Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
n/a n/a
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
n/a n/a
Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)
A. Turnover of Taxonomy eligible activities 
(A.1+A.2)
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
Turnover of Taxonomy- non-eligible activities  1,965.3  100 %
Total  1,965.3  100 %
(a)  Y - Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; N - No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; 
EL - Taxonomy eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective; N/EL – not eligible, Taxonomy non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective
(b) EL – Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective; N/EL – Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective. 
The Taxonomy Regulation and its Delegated Acts do not cover our core 
business or any other business activity from which QIAGEN generates turnover. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 75
EU Taxonomy

Page 76:
CapEx
To determine the CapEx KPI, the Taxonomy-Regulation requires that the capital 
expenditures for business activities contributing to the respective environmental 
objective are related to the absolute CapEx of the QIAGEN Group as shown in 
the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and included in Note 10 "Property, 
Plant and Equipment" in the IFRS Annual Report (available on our website). The 
Taxonomy-definition of CapEx considers additions in accordance with the 
following IFRS standards: 
• Additions to tangible assets (IAS 16)
• Additions to intangible assets (IAS 38)
• Additions to right of use assets (IFRS 16)
• Additions to real estate which is kept as financial investment (IAS 40)
As QIAGEN’s business activities are not covered by the Taxonomy-Regulation, 
we do not report Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned turnover but only 
report purchased CapEx. This form of CapEx is classified as “CapEx c)” in the 
Annex I of the Delegated Act to Article 8. 
For purchased CapEx (CapEx c)) the relevant information about compliance 
with the Taxonomy-alignment criteria (substantial contribution, DNSH, minimum 
social safeguards) needs to be provided by the suppliers. The results of the 
respective queries were that the suppliers were not able to ensure their 
compliance with the alignment criteria.
For individual measures as listed in categories 6.5, 7.3 and 7.5, QIAGEN must 
also prove compliance with selected technical screening criteria and the 
minimum social safeguards despite the purchased character of the products. 
Compliance with the technical screening criteria and the minimal social 
safeguards cannot be ensured by QIAGEN at this time. Additionally, QIAGEN 
is currently in the process of collecting evidence for the fulfillment of the 
minimum safeguards. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 76
EU Taxonomy

Page 77:
QIAGEN reports the following for 2023:
Fiscal Year N 2023 Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH (Does Not Significantly Harm) criteria
Economic activities (1)
Code (a) (2)
CapEx (3)
Proportion of 
CapEx, year N (4)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (5)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy 
(9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (11)
Climate Change 
Adaption (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy 
(15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum 
Safeguards (17)
Proportion of 
Taxonomy aligned 
(A.1.) or eligible 
(A.2.) turnover, 
year N-1 (18)
Category enabling 
activity (19)
Category 
transitional activity 
(20)
kUSD %
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a) Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
n/a
CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
Installation, maintenance and repair of 
energy efficiency equipment 7.3  40.0 0.02% EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 0.7%
Installation, maintenance and repair of 
instruments and devices for measuring, 
regulation and controlling energy 
performance of buildings 7.5  78.9 0.04% EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL —%
Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars 
and commercial vehicles 6.5  670.1 0.35% EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 3.2%
CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)  789.0 0.41% 100% 3.9%
A. CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activities 
(A.1+A.2)  789.0 0.41% 100% 3.9%
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
CapEx of Taxonomy- non-eligible activities  192,923.9 99.59%
Total  193,712.9  100 %
(a) Y - Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; N - No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; 
EL - Taxonomy eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective; N/EL – not eligible, Taxonomy non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective
(b) EL – Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective; N/EL – Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 77
EU Taxonomy

Page 78:
OpEx
To determine the OpEx KPI, the Taxonomy-Regulation requires that the 
operational expenditures for business activities contributing to the respective 
environmental objective are related to the absolute OpEx of the QIAGEN 
group. The Taxonomy-definition of OpEx differentiates significantly from the 
common financial definition. It considers non-capitalized expenditures that 
relate to research and development, building renovation measures, short-term 
leases, maintenance and repairs, and any other direct expenditures relating to 
the day-to-day servicing of assets of property, plant and equipment by the 
undertaking or third party to whom activities are outsourced that are necessary 
to ensure the continued and effective functioning of such assets.
As QIAGEN's core business is not covered by the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and therefore no operating costs are incurred in connection with revenue-
generating economic activities, the materiality of operating costs was assessed.
According to the Delegated Act on Article 8 (Section 1.1.3.2) as well as the 
FAQ document published in December 2022 by the European Commission 
(Commission Notice 19 December, 2022, question 13), the operating 
expenditures as defined according to the Taxonomy Regulation are not material 
for QIAGEN's business model. The total value in the OpEx denominator is 
1.8% of the total operating costs and is therefore classified as immaterial. The 
Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned costs for the OpEx numerator can be 
reported as zero due to the immateriality of the denominator. Thus, QIAGEN's 
Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-compliant share of operating costs is 0%. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 78
EU Taxonomy

Page 79:
QIAGEN reports the following for 2023:
Fiscal Year N 2023 Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH (Does Not Significantly Harm) criteria
Economic activities (1)
Code (a) (2)
OpEx (3)
Proportion of OpEx, 
year N (4)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (5)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy 
(9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (11)
Climate Change 
Adaption (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy 
(15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum 
Safeguards (17)
Proportion of 
Taxonomy aligned 
(A.1.) or eligible 
(A.2.) turnover, 
year N-1 (18)
Category enabling 
activity (19)
Category 
transitional activity 
(20)
kUSD %
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a)
Y/N 
N/EL(a) Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
n/a n/a
OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
EL; 
N/EL(b)
n/a n/a
OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally 
sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned 
activities) (A.2)
A. OpEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
OpEx of Taxonomy- non-eligible activities  13,848.1  100 %
Total  13,848.1  100 %
(a) Y - Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; N - No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; 
EL - Taxonomy eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective; N/EL – not eligible, Taxonomy non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective
(b) EL – Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective; N/EL – Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 79
EU Taxonomy

Page 80:
QIAGEN's absolute OpEx (in accordance with the Taxonomy Regulation 
definition) is immaterial when compared with QIAGEN's absolute OpEx (in 
accordance with the financial accounting definition). In this case, the numerator 
can be disclosed as zero and all figures are 0%.
Nuclear and fossil gas related activities
Under the requirements of the Disclosure Delegated Act and latest European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) enforcement priorities, QIAGEN 
reports the following table on nuclear and gas activities:
Row Nuclear energy related activities Yes / No
1. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, 
development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity 
generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with 
minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
No
2. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and 
safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or 
process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial 
processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety 
upgrades, using best available technologies.
No
3. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation 
of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, 
including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes 
such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their 
safety upgrades.
No
Fossil gas related activities
4. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or 
operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity 
using fossil gaseous fuels.
No
5. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, 
refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power 
generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
No
6. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, 
refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce 
heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.
No
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 80
EU Taxonomy

Page 81:
Assurance report of the independent auditor
Independent auditor’s report on a limited assurance engagement
To QIAGEN N.V., Venlo/Netherlands
We have performed a limited assurance engagement on the performance indicators for CO2e emissions (Scope 1, Scope 
2 market-based and Scope 2 location-based) of QIAGEN N.V., Venlo/Netherlands (hereinafter the “Company”), included 
in the Sustainability Statement in section “Environment” in the tables “Corporate Carbon Footprint by Emissions Category” 
and “Environmental Indicators” for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (hereinafter the “CO2e 
emissions”). 
Other than as described in the preceding paragraph, which sets out the scope of our engagement, we did not perform 
assurance procedures on the remaining information included in the Sustainability Statement as well as prior year 
disclosures, and accordingly, we do not express a conclusion on this information.
Responsibilities of the executive directors 
The executive directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the CO2e emissions in accordance with the 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition, issued by the World 
Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) (hereinafter the “GHG Protocol”). 
These responsibilities of the Company’s executive directors include the selection and application of appropriate methods 
for the preparation of the CO2e emissions and making assumptions and estimates about individual non-financial 
disclosures that are reasonable in the circumstances. Furthermore, the executive directors are responsible for such internal 
control as the executive directors consider necessary to enable the preparation of CO2e emissions that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud (manipulation of the CO2e emissions) or error.
The Greenhouse Gas quantification process is subject to scientific uncertainty, which arises because of incomplete scientific 
knowledge about the measurement of GHGs. Additionally, GHG procedures are subject to estimation (or measurement) 
uncertainty resulting from the measurement and calculation processes used to quantify emissions within the bounds of 
existing scientific knowledge.
Independence and quality assurance of the auditor’s firm
We have complied with the German professional requirements on independence as well as other professional conduct 
requirements.
Our audit firm applies the national legal requirements and professional pronouncements - in particular the BS WP/vBP 
[“Berufssatzung für Wirtschaftsprüfer/vereidigte Buchprüfer”: Professional Charter for German Public Accountants/German 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 81
Annex

Page 82:
Sworn Auditors] in the exercise of their Profession and the IDW Standard on Quality Management issued by the Institute of 
Public Auditors in Germany (IDW): Requirements for Quality Management in the Audit Firm (IDW QMS 1 (09.2022) and 
accordingly maintains a comprehensive quality management system that includes documented policies and procedures 
with regard to compliance with professional ethical requirements, professional standards as well as relevant statutory and 
other legal requirements.
Responsibilities of the auditor
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion with limited assurance on the CO2e emissions based on our assurance 
engagement. 
We conducted our assurance engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements on 
Greenhouse Gas Statements (“ISAE 3410”) issued by the IAASB. This standard requires that we plan and perform the 
assurance engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether any matters have come to our attention that cause us to 
believe that the Company’s CO2e emissions are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the GHG 
Protocol. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the 
risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our limited assurance conclusion. A limited assurance engagement is substantially less in 
scope than a reasonable assurance engagement in relation to both the risk assessment procedures, including an 
understanding of internal control, and the procedures performed in response to the assessed risks, and accordingly, a 
substantially lower level of assurance is obtained. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 82
Annex

Page 83:
In the course of our assurance engagement we have, among other things, performed the following assurance procedures 
and other activities:
• Inquiries of employees responsible for data capture and consolidation as well as the preparation of the CO2e emissions 
about the reporting system, the data capture and compilation process as well as internal controls related to this process,
• Inspection of the relevant documentation of the systems and processes for collecting, aggregating and validating relevant 
data in the reporting period,
• Identification and assessment of risks of material misstatement in the CO2e emissions,
• Analytical procedures on the CO2e emissions,
• Inquiries, inspection of sample documents and obtaining evidence relating to the collection and reporting of selected 
data, 
• Evaluation of the presentation of CO2e emissions in the Sustainability Statement.
The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than 
for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance 
engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance 
engagement been performed. Our procedures were designed to obtain a limited level of assurance on which to base our 
conclusion and do not provide all the evidence that would be required to provide a reasonable level of assurance.
Assurance conclusion
Based on the assurance procedures performed and the evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us 
to believe that the CO2e emissions (Scope 1, Scope 2 market-based and Scope 2 location-based) of the Company for the 
period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the 
GHG Protocol.
Restriction of use
We draw attention to the fact that the assurance engagement was conducted for the Company’s purposes and that the 
report is intended solely to inform the Company about the result of the assurance engagement. As a result, it may not be 
suitable for another purpose than the aforementioned. Accordingly, the report is not intended to be used by third parties for 
making (financial) decisions based on it. Our responsibility is to the Company alone. We do not accept any responsibility 
to third parties. Our assurance conclusion is not modified in this respect.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 83
Annex

Page 84:
General engagement terms and liability
The enclosed “General Engagement Terms for Wirtschaftsprüferinnen, Wirtschaftsprüfer and 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaften [German Public Auditors and Public Audit Firms]” as issued by the Institut der 
Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] on 1 January 2024 are applicable to this engagement and also 
govern our relations with third parties in the context of this engagement  (ey-idw-aab-en-2024.pdf). In addition, please refer 
to the liability provisions contained there in no. 9 and to the exclusion of liability towards third parties. We accept no 
responsibility, liability or other obligations towards third parties unless we have concluded a written agreement to the 
contrary with the respective third party or liability cannot effectively be precluded. 
We make express reference to the fact that we will not update the report to reflect events or circumstances arising after it 
was issued, unless required to do so by law. It is the sole responsibility of anyone taking note of the summarized result of 
our work contained in this report to decide whether and in what way this information is useful or suitable for their purposes 
and to supplement, verify or update it by means of their own review procedures.
Stuttgart, 23 April 2024
EY GmbH & Co. KG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft
Hinderer Johne
Wirtschaftsprüfer Wirtschaftsprüferin
[German Public Auditor] [German Public Auditor]
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 84
Annex

Page 85:
Detailed tax disclosure (country-by-country 
reporting)
Country-by-country reporting (CbCR) requires multinational enterprises in line 
with the OECD/ G20 Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) to report 
aggregated data on the global allocation of income, profit, taxes paid and 
economic activity among tax jurisdictions in which they operate. This requires 
QIAGEN N.V., the parent of the QIAGEN Group, to file an annual CbCR 
report to the Dutch tax authorities. The data which have been filed are based 
on U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and presented with 
a reconciliation to the sales revenues according IFRS.
The following tables represent QIAGEN’s country-by-country reporting of the 
financial, economic, and tax-related information for each jurisdiction in which 
they operate:
Canada NA  $24,899  $221  $25,120  $25,118  $71  $25,189 
United States NA  911,236  913,938  1,825,174  939,382  821,238  1,760,620 
Brazil LATAM  20,586  5,108  25,694  22,305  6,098  28,403 
Mexico LATAM  12,576  20  12,596  11,469  70  11,539 
Austria EMEA  23,192  —  23,192  88,799  —  88,799 
Belgium EMEA  17,388  —  17,388  18,813  —  18,813 
Denmark EMEA  16,786  9,924  26,710  13,690  8,628  22,318 
Egypt EMEA  (84)  311  227  —  474  474 
Finland EMEA  7,197  —  7,197  8,906  —  8,906 
France EMEA  59,155  191  59,346  62,131  215  62,346 
Germany EMEA  267,286  726,839  994,125  305,942  1,005,623  1,311,565 
Italy EMEA  38,576  120  38,696  37,679  90  37,769 
Luxembourg EMEA  (1)  765  764  —  81  81 
Netherlands EMEA  (23,195)  803,688  780,493  180,863  891,997  1,072,860 
Norway EMEA  5,535  —  5,535  7,069  —  7,069 
Poland EMEA  9,090  56,656  65,746  9,422  36,449  45,871 
Romania EMEA  (34)  8,553  8,519  —  7,948  7,948 
Country (in thousands)
2023 2022
Region
Revenues -
unrelated
party
Revenues -
related
party
Revenues -
total
Revenues -
unrelated
party
Revenues -
related
party
Revenues -
total
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 85
Annex

Page 86:
Russia EMEA  (333)  4,426  4,093  2,087  162  2,249 
South Africa EMEA  7,599  1  7,600  5,505  3  5,508 
Spain EMEA  14,407  44,785  59,192  9,454  206,551  216,005 
Sweden EMEA  16,271  7,790  24,061  12,379  239  12,618 
Switzerland EMEA  26,667  1,157  27,824  34,969  6,567  41,536 
Türkiye EMEA  32,079  —  32,079  28,858  —  28,858 
UAE EMEA  (646)  68,096  67,450  —  51,490  51,490 
United Kingdom EMEA  121,829  29,388  151,217  119,158  23,120  142,278 
Australia APAC  33,354  1,815  35,169  54,739  1,446  56,185 
China APAC  118,652  9,474  128,126  147,554  6,707  154,261 
India APAC  22,000  831  22,831  22,169  869  23,038 
Japan APAC  46,623  162  46,785  55,554  365  55,919 
South Korea APAC  28,604  8  28,612  29,443  76  29,519 
Malaysia APAC  6,179  942  7,121  5,042  774  5,816 
New Zealand APAC  2,454  11  2,465  2,228  —  2,228 
Philippines APAC  3  13,273  13,276  —  10,337  10,337 
Singapore APAC  (10,062)  9,153  (909)  22,260  7,480  29,740 
Taiwan APAC  11,914  80  11,994  11,950  15  11,965 
Thailand APAC  13,896  383  14,279  20,488  465  20,953 
Total  $1,881,678  $2,718,109  $4,599,787  $2,315,425  $3,095,648  $5,411,073 
Country (in thousands)
2023 2022
Region
Revenues -
unrelated
party
Revenues -
related
party
Revenues -
total
Revenues -
unrelated
party
Revenues -
related
party
Revenues -
total
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 86
Annex

Page 87:
Reconciliation of revenues for unrelated parties as filed with the country-by-
country reporting to the sales revenues disclosed in the audited financial 
statements:
(in thousands) 2023 2022
Sales revenues, unrelated parties CbCR  $1,881,678  $2,315,425 
Certain consolidation measures  (3,545)  (1,288) 
Other income reclass for CbCR  166,170  (138,359) 
Interest income reclass for CbCR  (78,992)  (32,758) 
Total net sales in consolidated income statement under IFRS  $1,965,311  $2,143,020 
Tables may contain rounding differences.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 87
Annex

Page 88:
Canada NA  $1,635  $378  ($89)  $1,400  $261  ($42) 
United States NA  228,624  36,487  2,229  239,796  27,107  21,034 
Brazil LATAM  3,871  1,426  666  290  819  592 
Mexico LATAM  1,234  29  847  (952)  139  707 
Austria EMEA  2,225  754  448  8,892  229  595 
Belgium EMEA  1,211  173  (3)  970  410  206 
Denmark EMEA  1,993  296  (168)  (2,303)  —  (190) 
Egypt EMEA  (94)  —  —  (164)  —  — 
Finland EMEA  404  2,693  99  776  69  (86) 
France EMEA  1,626  1,677  103  4,388  (194)  (565) 
Germany EMEA  47,867  17,953  29,808  4,664  55,510  11,072 
Italy EMEA  2,041  706  (282)  (2,648)  284  (346) 
Luxembourg EMEA  638  (53)  (56)  (269)  (1,749)  43 
Netherlands EMEA  64,142  18,501  4,800  59,695  7,114  (3,094) 
Norway EMEA  209  90  (84)  537  —  (116) 
Poland EMEA  5,271  953  (503)  (5,464)  277  (539) 
Romania EMEA  341  —  (30)  174  —  (42) 
Russia EMEA  5,277  —  (826)  (2,865)  —  — 
South Africa EMEA  166  158  108  (267)  67  104 
Spain(1) EMEA  674  1,801  12,024  150,716  21,911  12,356 
Sweden EMEA  (3,822)  (1,807)  1,558  1,164  1,361  831 
Switzerland EMEA  (11,672)  154  (4,369)  (10,028)  2,197  (4,115) 
Türkiye EMEA  1,208  289  255  (3,876)  496  61 
UAE EMEA  41,830  —  —  27,604  —  — 
United Kingdom EMEA  8,150  (4,035)  5,124  3,152  (1,986)  4,651 
Australia APAC  2,121  682  62  2,277  877  (236) 
Country (in thousands)
2023 2022
Region
Profit (loss) 
before income 
tax
Cash paid for
income tax
Income tax
accrued
Profit (loss)
before income
tax
Cash paid for
income tax
Income tax
accrued
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 88
Annex

Page 89:
China APAC  8,386  2,267  (964)  16,617  4,438  (1,988) 
India APAC  1,676  153  (243)  1,333  —  — 
Japan APAC  212  106  (1,878)  443  —  (1,341) 
South Korea APAC  1,535  104  (235)  948  287  (14) 
Malaysia APAC  123  (26)  (4)  (5)  37  88 
New Zealand APAC  30  55  33  38  —  (20) 
Philippines APAC  1,870  243  (94)  75  177  (37) 
Singapore APAC  (14,153)  16  (45)  (396)  70  (14) 
Taiwan APAC  843  141  (128)  666  102  (96) 
Thailand APAC  (371)  45  —  (66)  166  (45) 
Total  $407,321  $82,409  $48,163  $497,312  $120,476  $39,414 
Country (in thousands)
2023 2022
Region
Profit (loss) 
before income 
tax
Cash paid for
income tax
Income tax
accrued
Profit (loss)
before income
tax
Cash paid for
income tax
Income tax
accrued
Tables may contain rounding differences. 
(1) Cash paid for income tax for 2022 has been adjusted for Spain to agree to the numbers reported in the consolidated financial statements. 
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 89
Annex

Page 90:
Canada NA  $37  $7,830  $339  $37  $8,755  $321 
United States NA  4,948,358  774,023  347,453  4,935,353  596,846  332,338 
Brazil LATAM  62,226  (29,841)  10,163  66,278  (32,287)  9,525 
Mexico LATAM  9,185  3,388  2,675  9,185  7,352  2,570 
Austria EMEA  —  887  1,271  —  845  1,006 
Belgium EMEA  —  8,958  740  —  7,929  762 
Denmark EMEA  181,407  (110,431)  11,398  181,407  (114,287)  10,886 
Egypt EMEA  6  (116)  —  6  (22)  348 
Finland EMEA  —  2,868  475  —  2,191  559 
France EMEA  104,902  (62,397)  4,951  107,705  (64,278)  2,805 
Germany EMEA  774,523  (561,451)  681,707  774,523  (489,118)  549,256 
Italy EMEA  38,819  (15,519)  4,587  38,819  (17,012)  4,889 
Luxembourg EMEA  2,606,858  109,471  —  2,420,062  106,674  — 
Netherlands EMEA  2,811,684  2,234,539  80,856  2,785,357  2,046,386  94,182 
Norway EMEA  —  3,645  203  —  3,063  197 
Poland EMEA  74,563  2,893  17,775  74,563  (1,429)  16,083 
Romania EMEA  13  2,036  171  13  1,765  298 
Russia EMEA  (842)  (1,791)  —  (842)  (6,249)  — 
South Africa EMEA  5,347  (665)  1,762  5,347  (723)  1,642 
Spain EMEA  194,753  (22,023)  24,732  194,753  (22,429)  30,242 
Sweden EMEA  35,085  (22,370)  15,530  30,282  (17,054)  16,043 
Switzerland EMEA  411,273  83,224  1,312  227,140  92,480  1,065 
Türkiye EMEA  99,509  (30,713)  7,468  99,509  (31,901)  8,009 
UAE EMEA  964,386  51,087  155  765,633  63,160  139 
Country (in thousands)
2023 2022
Region Stated capital
Accumulated
earnings
Tangible
assets other
than cash and
cash
equivalents Stated capital
Accumulated
earnings
Tangible
assets other
than cash and
cash
equivalents
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 90
Annex

Page 91:
United Kingdom EMEA  145,412  (6,266)  61,023  145,412  (10,182)  59,906 
Australia APAC  685,722  (14,267)  5,095  687,081  (15,606)  5,971 
China APAC  46,029  72,202  33,629  46,029  65,516  39,783 
India APAC  17,427  843  6,783  17,427  (399)  8,135 
Japan APAC  84  415  10,212  84  364  12,017 
South Korea APAC  4,168  6,704  3,750  4,168  8,069  3,437 
Malaysia APAC  440  462  1,359  440  401  1,433 
New Zealand APAC  118  43  98  118  22  143 
Philippines APAC  4,153  3,596  6,021  4,153  2,030  1,350 
Singapore APAC  10,618  3,131  3,491  11,648  2,615  4,415 
Taiwan APAC  3,384  3,427  1,668  3,384  2,757  1,574 
Thailand APAC  113  (4,423)  7,080  113  (4,026)  7,867 
Total  $14,239,760  $2,493,399  $1,355,932  $13,635,187  $2,192,218  $1,229,196 
Country (in thousands)
2023 2022
Region Stated capital
Accumulated
earnings
Tangible
assets other
than cash and
cash
equivalents Stated capital
Accumulated
earnings
Tangible
assets other
than cash and
cash
equivalents
Tables may contain rounding differences.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 91
Annex

Page 92:
Canada NA  21  19 
United States NA  1,202  1,244 
Brazil LATAM  73  74 
Mexico LATAM  33  35 
Austria EMEA  19  15 
Belgium EMEA  9  13 
Denmark EMEA  76  78 
Egypt EMEA  —  3 
Finland EMEA  14  12 
France EMEA  92  96 
Germany EMEA  1,509  1,533 
Italy EMEA  61  61 
Luxembourg EMEA  —  — 
Netherlands EMEA  47  49 
Norway EMEA  5  5 
Poland EMEA  660  673 
Romania EMEA  99  106 
Russia EMEA  1  9 
South Africa EMEA  16  13 
Spain EMEA  219  213 
Sweden EMEA  121  131 
Switzerland EMEA  26  23 
Türkiye EMEA  73  111 
UAE EMEA  27  22 
United Kingdom EMEA  379  390 
Australia APAC  39  48 
China APAC  473  499 
India APAC  105  113 
Country
Number of employees
Region 2023 2022
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 92
Annex

Page 93:
Japan APAC  107  117 
South Korea APAC  34  36 
Malaysia APAC  29  27 
New Zealand APAC  3  3 
Philippines APAC  274  284 
Singapore APAC  62  61 
Taiwan APAC  22  22 
Thailand APAC  37  40 
Total  5,967  6,178 
Country
Number of employees
Region 2023 2022
Tables may contain rounding differences.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 93
Annex

Page 94:
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) index
Affordability 
& Pricing
Description of how price information for each product is 
disclosed to customers or to their agents
HC-MS-240a.2 Discussion 
and Analysis 
n/a www.QIAGEN.com/products
Product Safety Number of recalls issued, total units recalled HC-MS-250a.1 Quantitative Number Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and 
product safety - Our approach to quality
Products listed in the FDA’s Med-Watch Safety Alerts for 
Human Medical Products database
HC-MS-250a.2 Discussion 
and Analysis
n/a In 2023, no QIAGEN products were listed in the U.S. FDA’s 
MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products 
database.
Number of fatalities related to products as reported in the FDA 
Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience
HC-MS-250a.3 Quantitative Number There were no fatalities related to products as reported in 
the FDA Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience.
Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in response to 
violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), by 
type
HC-MS-250a.4 Quantitative Number None.
Ethical 
Marketing
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with false marketing claims
HC-MS-270a.1 Quantitative Number QIAGEN has not been subject to any legal proceedings 
regarding the U.S. False Claims Act or any other false 
marketing claims laws in any country during the reporting 
period.
Description of code of ethics governing promotion of off-label 
use of products
HC-MS-270a.2 Discussion 
and Analysis
n/a QIAGEN Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics
Sustainability Report: Governance - Business Ethics
Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-
corruption and Anti-trust - Compliance Program
Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-
corruption and Anti-trust - Compliance training courses
QIAGEN defines off-label use of products as the marketing 
of a product for an unapproved use. It requires that 
promotion of IVD/Regulated Products must follow relevant 
regulations and consistent with intended uses. All product 
claims must be substantiated. Any violation of the policy by 
employees may trigger disciplinary action including 
termination of employment.
Topic Metric Code Category
Unit of 
Measure Content / Report/ Location
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 94
Annex

Page 95:
Product 
Design & 
Lifecycle 
Management
Discussion of process to assess and manage environmental and 
human health considerations associated with chemicals in 
products, and meet demand for sustainable products
HC-MS-410a.1 Discussion 
and Analysis
n/a Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and 
product safety - Our approach to quality
Total amount of products accepted for take-back and reused, 
recycled, or donated, broken down by: (1): devices and 
equipment and (2) supplies
HC-MS-410a.2 Quantitative Metric tons The Waste Electrical Electronic Equipment EU Directive 
(WEEE) requires that producers of WEEE have a take-back 
plan at end of life. QIAGEN has processes to meet these 
obligations. In 2023, a total of 11.7 tons of EEE was 
reclaimed and recycled in Europe.
WEEE category (in kg)
2023, 2022, 2021
Screens, monitors and equipment containing screens having 
a surface greater than 100 cm²
2023: None
2022: None
2021: 27
Small equipment (no external dimension greater than 50 cm)
2023: 11,730
2022: 2,084
2021: 9,297
Small IT and telecommunications equipment
2023: None
2022: None
2021: 348
Total
2023: 11,730
2022: 2,084
2021: 9,672
Topic Metric Code Category
Unit of 
Measure Content / Report/ Location
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 95
Annex

Page 96:
Supply Chain 
Management
Percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier I suppliers’ 
facilities participating in third-party audit programs for 
manufacturing and product quality
HC-MS-430a.1 Quantitative Percentage 
(%)
Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement 
- Due Diligence in the supply chain - Supplier assessment 
and audits
100% of QIAGEN production sites are participating in third-
party audit programs (1), and 100% of our Class A 
suppliers either maintain a quality system certificate (ISO 
9001/13485/170325) or are audited by QIAGEN’s 
Supplier Quality unit (2).
Description of efforts to maintain traceability within the 
distribution chain
HC-MS-430a.2 Discussion 
and Analysis
n/a For each new batch of raw material, semi-finished goods 
and final products, a batch number is assigned that is 
unique to the material. For raw materials, either the supplier 
lot number is adopted into QIAGEN’s ERP system or the ERP 
system assigns a new QIAGEN batch number. The 
combination of material number and batch number is 
unique. At each manufacturing step, a new batch number is 
assigned to the respective component by the ERP system. 
Batch numbers are printed on all sellable items and ensure 
full batch traceability from customer information to raw 
material.
Description of the management of risks associated with the use 
of critical materials
HC-MS-430a.3 Discussion 
and Analysis
n/a Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement 
- Conflict minerals
Business Ethics Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with bribery or corruption
HC-MS-510a.1 Quantitative Presentation 
currency
In the reporting period, QIAGEN had 0 (no) legal actions 
pending or completed regarding antitrust or corruption.
Description of code of ethics governing interactions with health 
care professionals
HC-MS-510a.2 Discussion 
and Analysis
n/a QIAGEN Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics
Topic Metric Code Category
Unit of 
Measure Content / Report/ Location
Activity metric Code Category Measure Content / Report/ Location
Number of units sold by product category  HC-MS-000.A Quantitative Number Not reported yet
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 96
Annex

Page 97:
GRI content index
Statement of use: QIAGEN has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period of January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 with reference to the 
GRI Standards. 
GRI 1 used: Foundation 2021
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
2 – 1 Organizational details Annual Report: Management Report - Business and Operating Environment
2 – 2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting Annual Report: Management Report - Business and Operating Environment
Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Sustainability Governance - Reporting boundaries
IFRS Annual Report: FN 28 Consolidated Companies
2 – 3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point Reporting period is January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023.
Annual reporting
Contact: sustainability@qiagen.com; IR@qiagen.com 
2 – 4 Restatements of information Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint - Status 2023
Comparison period results for Scope 1 and 2 emissions and certain Scope 3 emissions have been adjusted to align with 
improved measurements and calculation methods applied in 2023.
2 – 5 External assurance Annex: External Assurance (selected KPIs)
2 – 6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships Annual Report: Management Report - Operating and Financial Review - Operating Results
Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement - Supply chain management
2 – 7 Employees Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employees
2 – 8 Workers who are not employees We employ non-employee workers only to a minor degree.
2 – 9 Governance structure and composition Annual Report: Corporate Governance - Governance Structure
2 – 10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Annual Report: Corporate Governance
2 – 11 Chair of the highest governance body Annual Report: Corporate Governance
2 – 12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the 
management of impacts
Annual Report: Corporate Governance
Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Sustainability governance - Sustainability anchored in two-tier 
corporate governance structure
GRI Standard Location / Comment
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 97
Annex

Page 98:
2 – 13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Sustainability governance - Sustainability anchored in two-tier 
corporate governance structure
2 – 14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Sustainability governance - Sustainability anchored in two-tier 
corporate governance structure
2 – 15 Conflicts of interest Annual Report: Corporate Governance - Board-Related Matters - Conflicts of Interest, Loans or Similar Benefits
2 – 16 Communication of critical concerns Annual Report: Corporate Governance
Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Sustainability governance
2 – 17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Annual Report: Corporate Governance
2 – 18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body Remuneration Report
2 – 19 Remuneration policies Remuneration Report
2 – 20 Process to determine remuneration Remuneration Report
2 – 21 Annual total compensation ratio Remuneration Report
2 – 22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Annual Report: Corporate Governance - Supervisory Board Report - Message from the Chair of the Supervisory Board
2 – 23 Policy commitments Annual Report: Management Report - Risks and Risk Management - Risk Management
Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-corruption and Anti-trust
Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement
Sustainability Report: Governance - Human Rights
Sustainability Report: Governance - Business Ethics
2 – 24 Embedding policy commitments Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Sustainability governance
2 – 25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
2 – 26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Annual Report: Management Report - Risks and Risk Management - Risk Management
Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-corruption and Anti-trust - QIAintegrity Line
2 – 27 Compliance with laws and regulations There were no significant instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations during the reporting period.
2 – 28 Membership associations Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-corruption and Anti-trust
Sustainability Report: Governance - Business Ethics
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Access to Healthcare - Collaborations
Sustainability Report: Governance - Data and Cyber Security
2 – 29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Stakeholder engagement
2 – 30 Collective bargaining agreements Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employees
GRI Standard Location / Comment
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 98
Annex

Page 99:
GRI 3: Material Topics 2023
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 1 Process to determine material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
3 – 2 List of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
GRI 200 - Economic 
GRI 201: Economic Performance
GRI Standard Location / Comment
201 – 1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Annual Report
201 – 2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due 
to climate change
Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint
201 – 4 Financial assistance received from government Sustainability Report: Governance - Tax - Financial assistance from governments
GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-corruption and Anti-trust - Risk Management
205 – 1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-corruption and Anti-trust - Risk Management
205 – 3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-corruption and Anti-trust - Risk Management
GRI 206: Anti-Competitive Behavior 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-corruption and Anti-trust - Risk Management
206 – 1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and 
monopoly practices
Sustainability Report: Governance - Compliance, Anti-corruption and Anti-trust - Risk Management
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 99
Annex

Page 100:
GRI 207: Tax 2019
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Governance - Tax - Tax accountability, governance and compliance
Sustainability Report: Governance - Tax - Tax management
207 – 1 Approach to tax Sustainability Report: Governance - Tax - Tax accountability, governance and compliance
207 – 2 Tax governance, control, and risk management Sustainability Report: Governance - Tax - Tax accountability, governance and compliance
207 – 3 Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns 
related to tax
Sustainability Report: Governance - Tax - Tax management
207 – 4 Country-by-country reporting Annex: Detailed Tax Disclosure (country-by-country reporting)
GRI 300 – Environmental
GRI 301: Materials 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Approach to environmental protection
301 – 1 Materials used by weight or volume QIAGEN does collect weight or volume data on raw material, auxiliary materials or semi-finished products, but not 
information on renewable or non-renewable used.
Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint - Status 2023
GRI 302: Energy 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint - Energy - Energy efficiency
302 – 1 Energy consumption within the organization Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint - Energy - [Table] Energy 
Consumption by Source
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 100
Annex

Page 101:
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
GRI Standard Location / Comment
303 – 1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Water consumption
303 – 2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Water consumption
303 – 5 Water consumption Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Water consumption
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint - Management of Scope 1 
and 2 emissions
Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint - Management of Scope 3 
emissions
305 – 1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - [Table] Corporate Carbon Footprint by Emissions 
Category
305 – 2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - [Table] Corporate Carbon Footprint by Emissions 
Category
305 – 3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - [Table] Corporate Carbon Footprint by Emissions 
Category
305 – 4 GHG emissions intensity Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint - Status 2023
305 – 5 Reduction of GHG emissions Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Minimize Carbon Footprint - Status 2023
GRI 306: Waste 2020
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Statement: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Waste
306 – 1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Waste
306 – 2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Waste
306 – 3 Waste generated Sustainability Report: Environment - Environmental Responsibility - Waste
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 101
Annex

Page 102:
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement - Supply chain management
308 – 1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental 
criteria
Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement - Due Diligence in the supply chain
GRI 400 – Social
GRI 401: Employment 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employees
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employee Attraction and Development - Our Approach
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Diversity & Inclusion
401– 1 New employees hired and employee turnover Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employee Attraction and Development - Employee satisfaction and 
retention
GRI 402: Labor / Management Relations 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employees
Sustainability Report: EU Taxonomy - Taxonomy-eligibility and Taxonomy-alignment
402– 1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes Our goal is to inform employees about significant operational changes as early as possible and in alignment with
local and legal requirements, as well as collective agreements. Compliance is always at the forefront of our business 
decisions. If possible, we provide employees with more notice than required.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 102
Annex

Page 103:
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Occupational Health and Safety - Management Approach/Strategy
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Occupational Health and Safety - Impact, risk and opportunities
403– 1 Occupational health and safety management system Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Occupational Health and Safety - Management Approach/Strategy
403 – 3 Occupational health services The functions of occupational health services vary between sites.
403 – 4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 
occupational health and safety
Employees are involved in OHS management through the joint management-worker Health and Safety Committee 
meetings, regular safety inspections including interviews with employees, and two-way communication through the official 
EHS email address and the global EHS incident reporting portal.
403 – 5 Worker training on occupational health and safety OHS training is managed on a local basis. 
403 – 6 Promotion of worker health Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Occupational Health and Safety - Promotion of employees' health
403 – 7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 
impacts directly linked by business relationships
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Occupational Health and Safety - Impact, risk and opportunities
403 – 9 Work-related injuries Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Occupational Health and Safety - [Table] Safety indicators for full-time 
employees and temporary workers vs. contractors
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employee Attraction and Development - Our Approach
404– 2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance programs
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employee Attraction and Development - Employee Development
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 103
Annex

Page 104:
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Diversity & Inclusion
405– 1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Annual Report: Corporate Governance - Board-Related Matters - Diversity within the Managing Board and Supervisory 
Board
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Diversity & Inclusion
GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employees
Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement
Sustainability Report: Governance - Human Rights
412– 2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures Sustainability Report: Governance - Human Rights
Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement
Sustainability Report: Social - Investing in People - Employees
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement
414– 2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Sustainability Report: Governance - Sustainable Procurement
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and product safety - Our approach to quality
416 – 1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 
service categories
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and product safety - Our approach to quality
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and product safety - Chemical product safety
416 – 2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 
impacts of products and services
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and product safety - Chemical product safety - Regulatory context
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 104
Annex

Page 105:
GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and product safety
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and product safety - Chemical product safety
417– 1 Requirements for product and service information and 
labeling
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and product safety - Chemical product safety - Access to 
information and responsible marketing practices
417 – 2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service 
information and labeling
Sustainability Report: Social - Serving Society - Quality and product safety - Chemical product safety - Regulatory context
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
GRI Standard Location / Comment
3 – 3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report: General Approach to Sustainability - Our Material Topics
Sustainability Report: Governance - Data and Cyber Security
418– 1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 
privacy and losses of customer data
Sustainability Report: Governance - Data and Cyber Security
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 105
Annex

Page 106:
TCFD index
Topic Accounting metric QIAGEN CDP questionnaire 2023
Governance Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities C1.1a, C 1.1b
Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities C 1.2, C1.3, C1.3a
Strategy Climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium and long term C2.1, C2.1a, C2.2a, C2.3, C2.3b, C2.4, C2.4a
Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s business, strategy and financial 
planning
C2.3, C2.3b, C 2.4, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.3, C3.4
Resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, 
including a 2°C or lower scenario
C3.1, C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b
Risk Management Organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks C2.1, C2.1a, C2.1b, C2.2, C2.2a
Organization’s processes for managing climate related risks C2.2, C2.2a
How processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the 
organization’s overall risk management
C2.2, C2.2a
Metric & Targets Metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and 
risk management process
C3.5, C3.5a, C3.5c
Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks C4.3, C4.3a, C4.3b, C5.2, C5.3, C6.1,C6.2,  
C6.3, C6.4, C6.4a, C6.5, C6.10, C7.2, C7.3, 
C7.3b, C7.6, C7.6b, C7.7a, C7.9a, 
Targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against 
targets
C4.1, C4-1a, C4.1b, C4.2. C4.2b, C4.2c
The QIAGEN CDP Climate questionnaire can be found online at www.cdp.net.
QIAGEN N.V. | Sustainability Report 2023 Foreword Our company Environment Social Governance Annex Page 106
Annex

Page 107:
 

