Page 1:
Sustainability 
Supplements to the 
Annual Report 2023


Page 2:
Table of contents
1 Data definitions, boundaries, and scope 3
2 Methodology for calculation of social impact 11
3 Signify additional disclosures 14
4 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 16
5 Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) 25
6 GRI content index 28
7 EU non-financial reporting directive 39
2 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 3:
1   Data definitions,  
boundaries, and 
scope
This section sets out the reporting scope and 
methodology for Signify's 2023 corporate 
and value chain Greenhouse Gas (GHG) 
emissions statements as published in this 
report for the year ended December 31, 
2023.
GHG accounting and reporting principles
Signify adheres to the five key GHG 
accounting and reporting principles of the 
GHG Protocol (GHGP) Corporate Accounting 
and Reporting Standard: 
• Relevance - the principle of relevance is 
used for selecting the appropriate GHG 
inventory boundary that reflects the 
substance and economic reality of the 
company’s business relationships, 
determined by the characteristics of the 
company, the intended purpose of 
information, and the needs of the users.
• Completeness - all relevant emissions 
sources within the chosen inventory 
boundary need to be accounted for so that 
we make sure a comprehensive and 
meaningful inventory is compiled.
• Consistency - the consistency principle is 
to ensure the consistent application of 
accounting approaches, inventory 
boundary, and calculation methodologies is 
essential to producing comparable GHG 
emissions data over time, to allow trends 
analysis and assess the performance of the 
reporting company. If there are changes in 
the inventory boundary, methods, data or 
any other factors affecting emission 
estimates, they need to be transparently 
documented and justified. Signify defines a 
significance threshold of 5% for 
recalculation, that is a cumulative change 
of five percent or larger in the total base 
year emissions (tCO2e), in line with the 
Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) 
Target Validation Protocol’s threshold of 
significance. 
• Transparency - relates to the degree to 
which information on the processes, 
procedures, assumptions, and limitations of 
the GHG inventory are disclosed in a clear, 
factual, neutral, and understandable 
manner based on clear documentation and 
archives (i.e., an audit trail). Signify’s GHG 
emissions are assured by an independent 
third party on the basis of “Reasonable 
Assurance”.
• Accuracy - data should be sufficiently 
precise to enable intended users to make 
decisions with reasonable assurance that 
the reported information is credible. GHG 
measurements, estimates, or calculations 
should be systemically, and the 
quantification process should be 
conducted in a manner that minimizes 
uncertainty.
Organizational boundaries
In line with the GHGP relevance principle, 
Signify follows the operational control 
approach and accounts for all of its GHG 
emissions from operations over which it or 
one of its subsidiaries has operational 
control. New acquisitions are incorporated in 
sustainability program and reporting following 
our Sustainability Reporting Policy as outlined 
in this supplement under Mergers, 
acquisitions, divestitures definition.
Operational boundaries
Signify accounts for all of its direct and 
indirect GHG emissions of Scopes 1, 2, and 3 
from operations over which it or one of its 
subsidiaries has operational control. It 
accounts for all 7 greenhouse gases under 
the Kyoto Protocol, namely carbon dioxide 
(CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), 
3 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 4:
hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), 
perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulphur 
hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride 
(NF3), where applicable and expressed in 
CO2-equivalent. Signify does not have 
material GHG emissions other than CO2. 
Signify does not use biomass or biofuels, thus 
does not have material biogenic emissions. 
For our 2025 target of doubling the pace of 
the Paris Agreement 1.5 degrees pathway to 
decarbonize our entire value chain, 2019 was 
chosen as the base year. It is the earliest year 
of verifiable emissions data for all categories 
of Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 were data 
was available. Scope 2 emission targets have 
been calculated using the market-based 
method.
A detailed list of activities in our GHG 
inventory is as follows:
Scope 1 - Direct GHG emissions, from 
stationary fuel combustion (including natural 
gas, diesel, gasoline, propane, LPG, and fuel 
oil), process emissions, and fugitive emissions 
from the use of refrigerants.
Scope 2 - Indirect GHG emissions, from 
purchased electricity, heat, and steam. Scope 
2 GHG emissions are accounted for using 
both the location-based method and the 
market-based method.
Scope 3 - Other indirect emissions, from the 
following categories that are relevant for 
Signify: 
Category 1 – Purchased goods and services
Category 2 – Capital goods
Category 3 – Fuel- and energy-related 
activities not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2
Category 4 – Upstream transportation and 
distribution
Category 5 – Waste generated in operations
Category 6 – Business travel
Category 7 – Employee commuting
Category 8 – Upstream leased assets:  not 
applicable. According to the GHG protocol 
definition, this category is not applicable to 
Signify as Signify does not have upstream 
leased assets.
Category 9 – Downstream transportation and 
distribution
Category 10 – Processing of sold products is 
not applicable. According to the GHG 
protocol definition, this category is not 
applicable to Signify, as Signify does not have 
sold products that require processing. 
Category 11 – Use of sold products
Category 12 – End-of-life treatment of sold 
products
Category 13 – Downstream Leased Assets: 
not applicable. According to the GHG 
protocol definition, this category is not 
applicable to Signify as Signify does not have 
downstream leased assets.
Category 14 – Franchises: not applicable. 
According to the GHG protocol definition, this 
category is not applicable to Signify as Signify 
does not have Franchises.
Category 15 – Investments: not applicable. 
According to the GHG protocol definition, this 
category is not applicable to Signify as Signify 
reports emissions from investments (joint 
venture) fully in scopes 1 and 2.
Avoided emissions
In addition to the reported GHG emissions 
from Scope 1, 2, and 3, Signify also reports 
the avoided emissions (also known as Scope 4 
emissions) to help our stakeholders such as 
customers and investors understand the 
environmental benefits associated with 
Signify’s energy efficient LED-based lighting 
products and solutions.
The avoided emissions are calculated based 
on LED-based products replacing less energy 
efficient conventional lighting products. 
Signify developed the following formula for 
quantifying avoided emissions:
Avoided emissions = [(weighted average 
wattage of conventional - weighted average 
wattage of LED)] * weighted average lifetime 
of LED * quantity of sold LED * rate of LED 
replacing conventional * global average 
electricity emission factor 
• The weighted average wattage of Signify’s 
conventional portfolio as benchmark of 
market reference for conventional lighting 
products.
• The weighted average wattage of Signify’s 
LED-based products as benchmark of 
market reference for LED-based lighting 
products.
• The weighted average lifetime hours of 
Signify’s LED-based products as 
benchmark of market reference for LED-
based lighting products.
• The quantity of sold LED refers to the total 
products, systems, and services with LED 
and Connected LED technologies sold in 
the reporting year.
• The global rate of LED replacing 
Conventional is 71% in 2023. The 
breakdown of the lighting market by 
technology replacing technology is Signify’s 
best estimate hereof, based on the market 
modeling done by the central Market & 
Competitive Intelligence team.
• The global average electricity emission 
factor is from IEA in kg CO2e per kWh for 
the reporting year, including emissions 
from both total upstream and combustion, 
as required by the GHG protocol Scope 3 
Calculation Guideline.
4 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 5:
GHG accounting methodology
This table presents an overview of Signify’s GHG emissions calculation methods for each category. The Global-warming potential values (GWP) of the 100-year GWP of the latest IPCC Assessment 
Report (AR5 or AR6) have been used.
Scope 1 Scope 1 emissions are calculated based on the purchased quantities of stationary fuels (such as natural gas and diesel) and refrigerants, multiplied 
by published emission factors from the listed sources. Primary data is used in the calculation for the majority of Signify industrial and non-industrial 
sites, while extrapolation is made for small sites with a immaterial energy footprint, based on the floor area. Activity data is collected, reported, 
and validated internally. The data is managed in a digital GHG accounting and reporting platform, which also performs the calculations.
IPCC
EPA Emission Factor 
Hub
DEFRA (UK Department 
for Environment Food 
and Rural Affairs)
Scope 2 Location-
based
Scope 2 location-based emissions are calculated based on the purchased electricity, multiplied by the average electricity grid emission factors at 
the national or regional levels. Primary data is used in the calculation for the majority of Signify industrial and non-industrial sites, while 
extrapolation is made for immaterial estimation sites as defined in our environmental reporting policy, based on the floor area. Activity data is 
collected, reported, and validated internally. The data is managed in a digital GHG accounting and reporting platform, which also performs the 
calculations.
IEA
eGRID
Scope 2 Market-
based
Scope 2 market-based emissions are calculated based on the purchased electricity, multiplied by the residual emission factors and the emission 
factors associated with the contractual instruments (namely Power Purchase Agreement, renewable electricity contract, bundled and un-bundled 
energy attribute certificates). Primary data is used in the calculation for the majority of Signify industrial and non-industrial sites, while 
extrapolation is made for small estimation sites as defined in our environmental reporting policy, based on the floor area. Activity data is collected, 
reported, and validated internally. The data is managed in a digital GHG accounting and reporting platform, which also performs the calculations.
Green-e Residual Mix 
Emission Factors
RE-DISS Residual Mix 
Emission Factors
Scope 3 
Category 1 – 
Purchased goods 
and services
This category includes all upstream (cradle-to-gate) emissions from the extraction, production, and transportation of goods and services 
purchased by Signify in the reporting year. A spend-based method is applied to calculate emissions for this category based on Signify’s spend per 
sector in the reporting year, multiplied by the upstream supply chain emission factor by sector. The spend data is collected internally from our 
financial system and is part of our integral financial statement. 
EPA Supply Chain GHG 
Emission Factors
DEFRA Indirect 
emissions from supply 
chain
Scope 3 
Category 2 - 
Capital goods 
This category includes all upstream (cradle-to-gate) emissions from the extraction, production, and transportation of capital goods purchased by 
Signify in the reporting year. A spend-based method is applied to calculate emissions for this category based on Signify’s spend per sector in the 
reporting year, multiplied by the upstream supply chain emission factors by sector. The spend data is collected internally from our financial system 
and is part of our integral financial statement. 
EPA Supply Chain GHG 
Emission Factors
DEFRA Indirect 
emissions from supply 
chain
Scope 3 
Category 3 - Fuel 
and energy-related 
activities not 
included in Scope 1 
or 2
This category includes all upstream (cradle-to-gate) emissions from the extraction, production, and transportation of fuels and energy purchased 
by Signify in the reporting year, not already accounted for in Scope 1 or 2, including upstream emissions of purchased fuels, upstream emissions of 
purchased electricity, and transmission & distribution (T&D) losses.
An average-data method is applied to calculate emissions for this category. The upstream emissions from fuels are calculated based on the 
purchased fuels, multiplied by the upstream emission factors for each fuel type. The upstream emissions from electricity are calculated based the 
purchased electricity multiplied by upstream emission factors at the national level. The emissions from the transmission & distribution (T&D) losses 
are calculated based the purchased electricity, multiplied by the T&D losses from DEFRA. The purchased fuels and electricity data is collected as 
described in Scope 1 and Scope 2.
DEFRA
IEA
Scope Emissions calculation method and data source Emission factor source
5 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 6:
Scope 3 
Category 4 - 
Upstream 
transportation and 
distribution
This category includes all emissions from transportation and distribution of raw materials, components and finished products purchased by Signify 
in the reporting year between its tier 1 suppliers and own operations, and between own facilities (in vehicles and facilities not owned or controlled 
by the Signify). 
A distance-based method is applied to calculate emissions for this category, which is done by determining the mass, distance, and mode of each 
shipment, and then multiplied by the appropriate mass-distance emission factor per mode of transport. Emissions from transportation and 
distribution are calculated per mode of transport, namely ocean transport, air transport, and road transport. 
The transportation and distribution mass, origin, and destination data at shipment level is primarily collected internally in our TMS (Transport 
Management System). When not available in TMS, we collect transportation and distribution data directly from the logistic service providers. The 
transport distance is calculated using the digital GHG accounting and reporting platform based on the origin and destination at shipment level. 
It is worth noting that the transportation and distribution data collected (from our internal system and from logistic service providers) does not 
differentiate for upstream and downstream, therefore the emissions from Category 4 (upstream) and Category 9 (downstream) are grouped and 
reported together in our Annual Report as “Logistics”.
DEFRA
Clean Cargo/Smart 
Freight Center
Scope 3 
Category 5 - Waste 
generated in 
operations
This category includes all emissions from disposal and treatment of waste generated in our own operations in the reporting year (in facilities not 
owned or controlled by Signify).
A waste-type-specific method is applied to calculate emissions for this category, which is done by consolidating mass data for each waste type 
and for each waste disposal or treatment method, multiplied by the corresponding emission factors primarily from EPA WARM tool, when not 
available, emission factors from Ecoinvent are used.
The waste types include canteen wastes, electrical and electronics wastes, paper and cardboard, plastics, and wastewater; the waste disposal 
and treatment methods include recycling, incineration, and landfill. Waste data is collected, reported, and validated internally. The data is managed 
in a digital GHG accounting and reporting platform. 
EPA WARM (Waste 
Reduction Model)
Ecoinvent 
Scope 3 
Category 6 - 
Business travel
This category includes all emissions from the transportation of employees for business-related activities (in vehicles not owned or operated by 
Signify), specifically air travel, leased cars, and rental cars in the reporting year.
A distance-based method is applied to calculate emissions for air travel, which is done by consolidating the travelled distances of each haulage 
type and then multiplied by the appropriate haulage emission factors. A distance-based method is applied to calculate emissions for rental cars, 
which is done by consolidating the travelled distances and then multiplying by the appropriate emission factors. A fuel-based method is applied to 
calculate emissions for leased cars, which is done by consolidating the amount of fuel consumed during business travel and applying the 
appropriate emission factor for that fuel.
The business travel activity data is collected directly from our business travel service providers and validated internally. The data is managed in a 
digital GHG accounting and reporting platform; where the calculations are also performed.
DEFRA
Scope 3 
Category 7 - 
Employee 
commuting
This category includes all emissions from the transportation of employees between their homes and their worksites the reporting year (in vehicles 
not owned or operated by Signify), specifically automobile travel, bus travel and rail travel.
A distance-based average method is applied to calculate emissions for this category, which is done by determining the percentage of employee 
commuting modes, the distances of each commuting mode, and then multiplied by the appropriate emission factors. 
The total number of employees (FTE) is collected internally from our HR systems and assured externally. The commuting activity data (percentage 
of employees per commuting mode and travelled distances) are based on assumptions from the EU, as accurate and detailed data is not 
consistently available due to, among others, privacy reasons. 
DEFRA
Scope Emissions calculation method and data source Emission factor source
6 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 7:
Scope 3 
Category 9 - 
Downstream 
transportation and 
distribution
This category includes all emissions from transportation and distribution of raw materials, components and finished products purchased by Signify 
in the reporting year between its own operations and customers (in vehicles and facilities not owned or controlled by the Signify). 
A distance-based method is applied to calculate emissions for this category, which is done by determining the mass, distance, and mode of each 
shipment, and then multiplied by the appropriate mass-distance emission factor for per mode of transport. Emissions from transportation and 
distribution are calculated per mode of transport, namely ocean transport, air transport, and road transport. 
The transportation and distribution mass, origin, and destination data at shipment level are primarily collected internally from our TMS (Transport 
Management System). When not available in TMS, we collect transportation and distribution data directly from the logistic service providers. The 
transport distance is calculated using a digital GHG accounting and reporting platform based on the origin and destination at the shipment level.
It is worth noting that the transportation and distribution data collected (from our internal system and from logistics service providers) do not 
differentiate for upstream and downstream, therefore the emissions from Category 4 (upstream) and Category 9 (downstream) are grouped and 
reported together in our Annual Report as “Logistics”.
DEFRA
Clean Cargo/Smart 
Freight Center
Scope 3 
Category 11 - Use 
of sold products
This category includes all the direct use-phase emissions of products that are sold in the reporting year and consume energy (in our case, 
electricity) over their expected lifetime. This means for sold products that are not energy-consuming, i.e., components, accessories, and lighting 
controls, category 11 is not applicable therefore not part of the emissions calculation. The majority (more than 90%) of our value-chain emissions 
comes from the indirect emissions of product use, to quantify emissions from Category 11, the following calculation method is used:
∑CO2e (per 12NC) = sold product quantity per country * power * lifetime * CO2e emission factor per country
Where: 
• Sold product quantity - the total unit of products sold to a specific country in the reporting year at the 12NC level (which is the lowest level of 
our product hierarchy with the highest level of resolution), downloaded from our internal financial reporting system and is part of our integral 
financial statement;
• Power - the externally claimed wattage of each energy consuming product, collected internally from each Signify business unit from their data 
management systems or via data sheets; the wattage data is obtained from official technical documents (such as test reports, product 
specification sheet, technical data sheet, and packaging information) that are created based on the industrial standards such as the International 
Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) Standards;
• Lifetime - the externally claimed total use hours of each energy consuming product, collected internally from each Signify business unit from 
their data management systems or via data sheets; the lifetime data is obtained from official technical documents (such as test reports, product 
specification sheet, technical data sheet, and packaging information) that are created based on the industrial standards such as the International 
Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) Standards;
• CO2e emission factor per country - the CO2e intensity data in kg CO2e per kWh, from IEA for the reporting year, including emissions from both 
total upstream and combustion, as required by the GHG protocol Scope 3 Calculation Guideline.
IEA
Scope Emissions calculation method and data source Emission factor source
7 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 8:
Scope 3 
Category 11 - Use 
of sold products
(cont.)
Uncertainties and assumptions in the calculation of Category 11 emissions
A reliable and in-depth reporting of Category 11 is challenging, especially for Signify with a diverse portfolio covering more than 70,000 unique 
products at the 12NC level. We recognize the uncertainty mainly lies in data completeness and data accuracy. To tackle, this, we have set up 
governance, processes, systems, and controls within Signify to facilitate the end-to-end process of accounting Category 11 emissions. In terms of 
completeness, our 2022 and 2023 product data coverage was greater than 95%. Still, there is a small gap in our product data because for some 
special one-off local projects, product technical data is not maintained in a centralized data system. For products where data is not available, 
their emissions are extrapolated based on the actual emissions calculated within the same business unit. In terms of accuracy, multi-level control 
procedures have been implemented including statistical validation based on mean, medium, most repeated values. Data for sold products is 
collected internally and assured as part of the financial statements audit. The data is managed in a digital data warehouse and reported in a 
dynamic dashboard. 
IEA
Scope 3 
Category 12 - End-
of-life treatment 
of sold products
This category includes all emissions from waste disposal and treatment of products sold by the reporting company in the reporting year at the end 
of their life. A waste-type-specific method is applied to calculate emissions for this category, which is done by consolidating total mass data of 
sold products and packaging, their material compositions and the waste disposal or treatment methods, multiplied by the corresponding emissions 
factors primarily from EPA WARM tool, when not available, emission factors from Ecoinvent are used.  The product end-of-life waste types include 
electrical and electronic waste, plastic waste, and glass; the waste disposal and treatment methods include recycling, incineration, and landfill.  
The mass of sold products and packing data are collected, reported and validated internally.
EPA WARM (Waste 
Reduction Model)
Ecoinvent 
Scope Emissions calculation method and data source Emission factor source
Data definitions and boundaries
Brighter lives revenues1 
Revenues coming from our portfolio which 
benefit society focusing on three main 
sustainability areas: 
• Food availability: Lighting designed to 
enable the production of more and better-
quality food, while optimizing the use of 
land, water and energy and   avoiding 
pesticides. It includes all dedicated 
horticulture products2 and systems, all 
dedicated urban farming products and 
systems, all dedicated marine-based and 
land-based aquaculture products and 
systems, all dedicated animal farming 
products and systems
• Safety & security: Lighting designed to 
have a positive effect in reducing crimes 
such as burglary and theft in cities and 
houses, as well as increasing safety in 
traffic and protection against cybercrime 
and fraud. It includes Interact solution for 
cities, System solutions for tunnels, 
Outdoor lighting equipped with special 
sensors, Emergency lighting and Lifi 
systems, Black Light Blue lamps and 
luminaires
• Health & well-being: Lighting designed to 
support health, well-being and 
performance of humans through unlocking 
the visual, biological and emotional benefits 
of light, and lighting designed to support 
well-being for wildlife. It includes 
EyeComfort, Lighting for well-being, 
Tunable products during use phase, Non-
invasive health supporting products and 
disinfection.
Signify's portfolio of products contributing to 
Brighter lives revenues continues to grow as 
we drive sustainable innovations across these 
three focal areas. 
Circular revenues1
Revenues coming from our circular portfolio 
meaning lighting products*, systems and 
services that maximize (re)usability, 
serviceability, and upgradability and minimizes 
value destruction with the aims to preserve 
value and avoid waste to landfill. Lighting 
solutions contributing to this definition 
include:
• Serviceable luminaires: luminaire with easily 
replaceable (using standard, widely 
accessible tools) driver and controls and 
LED board to facilitate lifetime 
prolongation, or designed as circular 
economy ready luminaires requiring an EPD
• Circular components: replaceable and 
recyclable LED and conventional drivers 
and modules, most sensors supporting 
system functionality, 3D printed housings
• Intelligent assets: lifetime monitoring and 
preventive maintenance scheduling
• Circular services: services to prolong 
luminaire lifetimes and managed services 
with end of contract return options
Employee data 
The total number of employees comprises all 
employees, including from newly acquired 
companies and temporary employees, but 
excludes interns. Social data covers all 
employees that have been fully integrated in 
our system and exclude contingency workers. 
The Employee Net Promoter Score (NPS) 
survey is performed on a quarterly basis and 
is calculated through a weighted average for 
8 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
1 Data stems from internal documentation based on the product attributes and is a manual process, therefore, there could be inherent uncertainties within the calculation.
2 Products = light sources, luminaires, control gears, sensors (LED and conventional).

Page 9:
the whole year using the respondents and 
results. It includes employees with access to 
a company email address.
Environmental data 
Environmental data from manufacturing 
operations are reported quarterly or half-
yearly, according to defined company 
guidelines that include definitions, 
procedures and calculation methods. A 
robust system of internal controls has been 
implemented to safeguard consistent data 
quality. The results are tracked and internally 
reported to measure progress against our 
program targets. Data on operational energy 
usage includes energy use from 
manufacturing sites and non-industrial sites & 
excludes transmission losses to the grid. 
Most of the environmental data covers a 
reporting period from the 1st of December 
2022, until the 30th of November 2023.
Health & Safety 
Health & Safety data is reported by sites with 
more than 50 FTEs (full-time equivalents) and 
voluntarily reported by sites with fewer 
employees. Health & Safety data is reported 
and validated monthly. The focus of reporting 
is on work-related injuries and illnesses that 
predominantly occur in manufacturing 
operations and lead to a recordable injury or 
illness case. Recordable cases include all 
injuries and illnesses sustained at work that 
result in medical treatment, restricted work, 
lost workdays, or fatality. All injury and illness 
cases are reported for staff and contractors 
as outsourced workforce. The TRC and LWIC 
KPIs refer to all reported cases for 
permanent & temporary employees, including 
students & interns. 
Integrity code
Alleged Integrity code concerns are 
registered via our internet-based reporting 
and validation tool. Our Ethics line, 
www.signify.ethicspoint.com is available to all 
employees and outside parties, allowing 
concerns to be anonymously registered by 
telephone or through an online web form. In 
addition, local compliance officers are 
available globally, to register concerns on 
behalf of employees. The Integrity code 
concerns encompass all concerns registered 
in the Ethics line database opened 
throughout the financial year.
Lives Lit and Community support
The Signify Foundation and Signify’s CSR 
program focus on lives lit, entrepreneurs 
trained and humanitarian lighting. We define 
lives lit as the number of people that are 
enabled first access to solar lighting (indoor/
outdoor), access to improved lighting (LED 
lighting), or access to the benefits of lighting 
(horticulture, UV-C). The beneficiaries are 
either reached directly through provision of 
lighting products, or indirectly through 
supported partners. For entrepreneurs 
trained we count the people who have been 
provided with business and/or technical skills 
training through our funding support. For 
Humanitarian lighting, we count the projects 
that have been led during the reporting year.
Living wages
Signify defines a living wage as the gross 
monthly wage needed to cover the necessary 
living costs of an individual or a family. It is 
calculated as the gross income necessary to 
afford these expenditures. For all countries 
examined (Poland, Mexico, Netherlands, 
China, the United States of America, and 
India, which represents 70% of the 
workforce), Signify used WageIndicator’s 
database (date: Q2 2023) to set its baseline. 
WageIndicator’s database offers different 
variations of family model (individual, with or 
without child, national fertility rate) and 
employment rates (full-time, part-time, 
national employment rate). To perform its 
analysis, Signify selected the “Standard 
family” Living Wage as we believe it reflects 
better the average family composition across 
our countries of operation, maintains a stable 
method of comparison, and is the 
WageIndicator recommended family variation. 
The Standard Familiy Living Wage indicates a 
gross monthly income range for a full-time 
equivalent worker at which the total earned 
family income is sufficient to cover necessary 
costs. The standard family includes two adults 
and two children (family 2+2) and the family 
employment rate is 1.8, which means one 
adult is a full-time worker and the second 
adult has a working week of 80% (4 days a 
week). Signify uses the lower range of the 
Standard family model for its analysis. The 
reason for the WageIndicator database 
selection was the extensive coverage of 
countries, the sample-method, and the 
research institutes involved with their study, 
including Harvard Law School and the 
University of Amsterdam. Signify does not 
independently validate data from 
WageIndicator, thereby causing an inherent 
uncertainty regarding the accuracy of the 
data. Statements on living wage pertain to all 
employee types in all pay grades (including 
Cooper but excluding LeiFei and Klite), 
including temporary employees, but excludes 
interns, international assignees, remote and 
homeworkers.
Mergers, acquisitions, divestitures
New Signify ventures are included in 
environmental and social disclosures to the 
extent that the integration process of these 
ventures has sufficiently been finalized. 
Assuming new ventures’ sustainability 
reporting and availability of data conform with 
Signify requirements, the normative 
integration period is two years. Whenever the 
normative period is not realistic, we will 
deviate and disclose it in our Annual Report. 
Divestitures completed before December 
31st of the book-year are excluded from 
environmental and social reporting. 
In case Signify acquires a new manufacturing 
site or office (whether it is leased or owned), 
Signify has 24 months to ensure the site is 
integrated in its sustainability commitments. 
According to the GHG protocol, for 
consistent tracking of emissions over time, 
the base year emissions should be 
recalculated in case of significant structural 
changes such as acquisitions, divestments, 
and mergers. We follow the structural 
changes guideline and the SBTi threshold of 
5%.
Plastic free packaging
Our plastic free packaging policy aims to 
eliminate all fossil-fuel based plastics from 
our consumer packaging. The scope of the 
packaging requirements is applicable for the 
packaging components used for Signify 
finished products and includes: 
• Packaging for all newly introduced 
products and changes in packaging of 
current portfolio transport packaging (e.g. 
A-boxes and palette boxes) 
• Individual product packaging (e.g. boxes, 
blisters, and sleeves) 
• Supportive packaging materials (e.g. 
pallets, stretch foil, stowing materials)
9 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 10:
Sustainable supply chain 
Supplier audits focus on risk suppliers, based 
on identified risk countries, (forecasted) 
spend and maturity level. Risk countries for 
supply chain management in 2023 can be 
found on our website. The supplier 
sustainability performance rate is defined as 
the percentage of all active risk suppliers 
that have had an audit score of at least 90 
out of 100 points in the defined timeframe 
(yearly or every 3-year based on maturity 
level). Suppliers are considered compliant by 
passing the audit, resolving identified non-
conformities, or  are expected to resolve 
identified non-conformities within 6 months. 
The CDP supply chain results are based on 
self-reporting from suppliers. This causes an 
inherent uncertainty of the accuracy of 
impacts from their emission reduction 
activities. 
Sustainable innovation 
Sustainable innovation comprises all R&D 
activities contributing to our sustainable focal 
areas. This means all research and new 
development of products, systems, or 
services that demonstrate a measurable 
positive impact in energy efficiency (10% or 
greater), and preferably also in one or more 
sustainable focal areas: Energy & solar, 
Circularity, Packaging, Substances, Weights & 
materials, Safety & Security, Health & well-
being, Food availability. Sustainable innovation 
spend is the cumulative spending of all R&D 
projects contributing to sustainable 
innovation. 
Waste to landfill 
The amount of waste sent to landfill is 
calculated on a quarterly basis and includes 
waste from manufacturing locations with 
more than 50 manufacturing FTE and 
voluntarily reported by some manufacturing 
sites.
To achieve “zero (manufacturing) waste to 
landfill”, the amount of non-hazardous 
manufacturing waste being disposed directly 
to landfill should be <1% of total waste. In our 
approach to zero, we exclude:
• Chemical waste: hazardous/non-hazardous 
and other waste classified as hazardous,
• One time waste: e.g. demolition, 
construction waste,
• Regulated waste: if governed by legal 
requirements to be landfilled, or the waste 
collection and/or treatment company is 
governed by local legal requirements.
The out-of-scope material represents 1.38% 
of our total manufacturing waste.
Women in Leadership
% Women in Leadership KPI is the percentage 
of women as a percentage of the total 
population in grades H22 and above. It 
includes employees with or without a defined 
end date and international assignees who are 
in Workday, with compensation grades H22 
and above (including EXCO). The source of 
data is Workday. It excludes: contingent 
workers; newly acquired companies (e.g., 
Klite),  companies not in Workday and 
companies not yet integrated into the Signify 
operating model and therefore can not be 
considered for KPIs due to missing data 
points; employees not in the FTE count (e.g., 
interns) and factory and warehouse workers 
are excluded as there are no leadership roles 
in these groups.
10 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 11:
2  Methodology for 
calculation of 
social impact
Signify societal impact
At Signify, sustainability is central to our 
company, strategy, and purpose. Our aim is 
to balance economic, social, and 
environmental considerations. We strive to 
maximize long-term value-creation along 
these three dimensions.
To guide our efforts and measure our 
progress, we have made our approach 
towards long-term value creation more 
transparent by preparing our Annual Report 
in line with key-elements of the International 
Integrated Reporting Council’s (IIRC) 
Integrated Reporting framework.
At the core of our reporting approach is the 
value creation model, included under section 
3 of our Annual Report 2023. This model 
shows how our business activities draw on 
various financial, environmental, and social 
resources that get converted to outputs. 
Our activities and their outputs lead to 
outcomes in terms of the impact for our 
stakeholders and society at large.
By expressing these impacts in monetary 
terms, we can better compare the financial, 
social, and environmental effects of our 
business. This enables more effective and 
efficient decision making and gives a holistic 
view on our most prominent risks and 
opportunities. It also provides further 
transparency to our stakeholders on our 
company performance.
Impact Valuation
Impact valuation is a way to identify, 
understand, improve, and demonstrate the 
value and cost of our business activities on 
society - such as the cost to society of our 
operational carbon emissions and the value 
to society of our tax payments. 
To facilitate comparability, the impacts and 
external effects of business activities are 
measured and valued in monetary terms. By 
nature, financial, social, and environmental 
impacts are positive or negative. By applying 
shadow prices to the impacts of activities, 
societal costs and benefits are determined. 
By publishing the results of our analysis and 
methodology, context and underlying 
assumptions are made transparent to our 
stakeholders. We strive to contribute to a 
global shift from traditional reporting to 
impact analysis via global standards based on 
the Impact Valuation Roundtable3
Signify societal impact trend
The table below provides an overview of our 
societal impact and the trend over time. 
Signify is on a journey to measure all its 
business impacts along the economic, social, 
and environmental dimensions. Where 
possible, we aim to extend the scope of our 
analysis on an annual basis as our insights 
increase further. 
11 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
3 WBCSD Impact Valuation White Paper


Page 12:
Methodology for calculating our societal 
impact
Scope of impact analysis
The table above shows which metrics were 
included in our analysis to determine societal 
impacts. 
Detailed considerations
The following section highlights per indicator 
the boundaries to determine shadow prices, 
references to the academic sources, and the 
base price that was applied. 
Environmental impacts
This section explains the different metrics 
that were included in determining our 
environmental impact. 
Carbon emissions
Signify reports in line with the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol (GHGP). The market-based 
method of reporting is used as a reference 
for calculating our carbon footprint. 
• Scope 1 – direct CO2 emissions – is based 
on direct emissions from our industrial and 
non-industrial sites in full. 
• Scope 2 – indirect CO2 emissions – is 
based on indirect emissions from our 
industrial and non-industrial sites in full. 
• Scope 3 – other CO2 emissions related to 
activities not owned or controlled by 
Signify is based on indirect emissions from 
Business travel, Logistics, Product Use.  
• Scope 4 – avoided CO2 emissions – is 
based on use of our LED lamps & luminaires 
replacing less energy efficient 
conventional lighting products.
When we mention carbon emission, we refer 
to our carbon dioxide equivalent emissions 
calculations. We convert all Kyoto gasses 
(CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, and SF6) into 
CO2 emissions while calculating our 
environmental footprint. 
Shadow price considerations: Costs of 
changes in net agricultural productivity, 
human health, property, damages from 
increased flood risk due to climate change.
Shadow price sources: EPA’s SC-CO2
S. Dietz et al. (2018), LSE
Base price applied: €119.30 per tonne CO2
Additional information for Scope 4 – Avoided 
CO2 emissions
The avoided emissions related to scope 3-
use phase. To calculate the avoided 
emissions from LED lamps & luminaires, the 
following is determined:
• The weighted average wattage of Signify’s 
conventional portfolio as benchmark of 
market reference for conventional lighting 
products.
• The weighted average wattage of Signify’s 
LED-based products as benchmark of 
market reference for LED-based lighting 
products.
• The weighted average lifetime hours of 
Signify’s LED-based products as 
benchmark of market reference for LED-
based lighting products.
• The quantity of sold LED refers to the total 
products, systems, and services with LED 
and Connected LED technologies sold in 
the reporting year.
• The global rate of LED replacing 
Conventional is 71% in 2023. The 
breakdown of the lighting market by 
technology replacing technology is 
Signify’s best estimate hereof, based on 
the market modeling done by the central 
Market & Competitive Intelligence team.
• The global average electricity emission 
factor is from IEA in kg CO2e per kWh for 
the reporting year, including emissions 
from both total upstream and combustion, 
as required by the GHG protocol Scope 3 
Calculation Guideline.
12 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Dimension Indicator Summarized consideration Boundary
Environmental impacts Carbon emissions Impact on climate due to emitted greenhouse gas emissions 
in scope 1, 2 and 3 - business travel and logistics Own operations
Impact on climate due to avoided greenhouse gas emissions 
through our energy efficient LED lamps & luminaires. Products
Waste disposal Impact on environment due to waste disposal Own operations
Biodiversity Biodiversity and ecosystem services conserved and restored 
through carbon offsetting program Society
Water usage Impact on water scarcity due to water consumption Own operations
Social impacts Injuries & fatalities Impact on workers & communities due to occupational 
injuries and fatalities Own operations
Training investments Impact due to training & development of our employees and 
entrepreneurs trained by the Signify Foundation
Own operations and 
value chain
Salaries & benefits Impact on economy through remuneration of employees Own operations
Financial impacts Interest Impact on economy through interest payments to suppliers 
of capital Own operations
Taxes Impact on economy through tax payments in countries where 
we operate Own operations
Shareholder returns Impact on economy through total shareholder return Own operations
Formula developed by Signify: 
Avoided emissions = [(weighted average 
wattage of conventional - weighted 
average wattage of LED)] * weighted 
average lifetime of LED * quantity of sold 
LED * rate of LED replacing conventional * 
global average electricity emission factor

Page 13:
Biodiversity and ecosystem services 
conserved and restored through carbon 
offsetting program
Through carbon offsetting projects, Signify 
contributes to conserving and restoring 
forests. The ecosystem services these 
forests provide are extensive and contribute 
to enhancing or maintaining the biodiversity in 
those areas.
Shadow price considerations: Societal value 
produced by conserving and restoring 
forests in terms of the following ecosystem 
services which these forests provide: food, 
(fresh) water supply, raw materials, genetic 
resources, medicinal resources, ornamental 
resources, influence on air quality, climate 
regulation, moderation of extreme events, 
regulation of water flows, waste treatment/
water purification, erosion prevention, 
nutrient cycling and maintenance of soil 
fertility, pollination, gene pool protection, 
and opportunities for recreation and tourism.
Shadow price sources: TEEB, 2010, adjusted 
for inflation.
Base price applied: €14,934.28 per ha of 
tropical forests conserved or restored 
Waste disposal
Data consists of manufacturing waste that is 
delivered for landfill or incineration. Due to 
the residual value of recycling, this method of 
waste disposal is excluded from our 
calculations.
Shadow price considerations: Amenity costs 
(odor, visual impact, noise) and costs from 
emissions to air affecting global warming, 
health, damage to buildings and materials, 
and loss of agricultural production. 
Shadow price sources: Liu (2021), adjusted 
for inflation. 
Base price applied: €17.11 per tonne waste to 
landfill, €25.04 per tonne waste to 
incineration
Water usage
Data consists of water usage in our 
operations, both purchased and extracted 
from groundwater wells.
Shadow price considerations: water scarcity 
costs, impacting human health, net 
agricultural productivity, and environmental 
deterioration.
Shadow price sources: To understand water-
related risks and quantify risks in financial 
terms, Signify used the Water Risk Monetizer 
tool developed by Ecolab in partnership with 
Trucost and Microsoft. Signify calculated the 
societal water price per location of its 
operations for the coming 10 years, taking 
into account water scarcity levels and 
societal implications of water usage in those 
locations.
Base price applied: €4.27 per m3 water (on 
average)
Social impacts
This section explains the different metrics 
included in determining our social impact. 
Work-related lost-time injuries
Lost-time injuries are occurrences where the 
injured employee is unable to work one or 
more days. These work-related injuries and 
illnesses predominantly occur in 
manufacturing operations and Field Services. 
All lost-time injury cases are reported for 
Signify staff and contractors working under 
the supervision of Signify. 
Shadow price considerations: Costs of loss of 
current and future income, medical costs, 
costs for community, incl. lost revenue, social
 welfare payments, rehabilitation.
Shadow price sources: National Safety 
Council America/NSC (2021), adjusted for 
inflation. 
Base price applied: €41,799.20 per work-
related lost-time injury
Work-related fatalities
Fatalities are reported for contractors 
working under the supervision of Signify and 
all Signify staff.
Shadow price considerations: Costs of loss of 
current and future income, costs for 
community, incl. lost revenue, social welfare 
payments.
Shadow price sources: National Safety 
Council America/NSC (2021), adjusted for 
inflation.
Base price applied: €1,333,593.67 per work-
related fatality
Learning and development of employees and 
entrepreneurs
Data covers all employees, including 
temporary employees and is based on the 
learning and development spent within the 
organization as registered through our 
center of excellence, The Signify Learning 
Center of Expertise. 
Moreover, we include the investments made 
by the Signify Foundation for the trainings of 
entrepreneurs, which improves human capital 
outside our organization.
Shadow price considerations: Personal 
returns for employees: future wage-increase 
due to skill development at Signify. Social 
returns include increased productivity and 
spill-over effects of human capital to others 
in the surroundings. 
Shadow price sources: Venniker (2000)
Base price applied: €1.11 per €1 spend on 
learning and development
Salaries and wages paid to employees
Shadow price considerations: Enhanced 
purchasing power positively influences 
economic environment.
Base price applied: Cash transfers to 
employees (salaries) are reflected at a ratio 
of 1:1. We assume that every Euro transferred 
will be spent and therefore contributes to 
the (local) economy. Even if not all of the 
money transferred is spent, the assumption 
of the 1:1 multiplier is justified due to 
secondary and tertiary socio-economic ripple 
effects, caused by cash transfers through 
enhanced purchasing power. 
Financial impacts
Economic impacts quantify the positive 
financial externalities of Signify. This consists 
of more than our own net profits, as we 
contribute to GDP in countries where we 
operate. Considering our Gross Value Add, 
Signify considers the following categories to 
be most relevant due to their direct increase 
in purchasing power: tax payments for 
governments, interest payments to providers 
of capital (including pensions interest), and 
shareholder returns to Signify’s owners 
(through dividend payments and share buy-
back). 
Signify has reflected these contributions at a 
ratio of 1:1. We assume that every Euro 
transferred will be spent and therefore 
contributes to the (local) economy. Even if 
not all of the money that is transferred gets 
spent, the assumption of the 1:1 multiplier is 
justified due to secondary and tertiary socio-
economic ripple effects caused by the cash 
transfers through enhanced purchasing 
power.
13 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 14:
3   Signify additional 
disclosures
Hazardous Substances
The use of hazardous substances and 
chemicals in Signify’s manufacturing process 
is a critical aspect of our operations. We are 
committed to ensuring that our processes 
are safe for our employees, and the 
environment. As part of our commitment to 
sustainability, we have improved our Chemical 
Management program to ensure the safe 
handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous 
substances and chemicals. The program is 
designed to comply with all relevant 
regulations and standards, including the 
European Union’s REACH regulation. 
With the new chemical management program, 
we will continue to ensure compliance by 
continuously monitoring the use of chemicals 
at our manufacturing sites and actively 
phasing out several hazardous substances. 
Emissions from mercury  
Since 2012 we have dramatically reduced 
mercury emissions by changing our 
production processes and replacing liquid 
mercury with solid mercury. In 2021, we 
achieved zero mercury emissions from our 
manufacturing process. In 2023, we decided 
to discontinue the tracking of mercury 
emissions as the transition from conventional 
lighting to LED lighting is expected to keep 
mercury use at zero levels in the coming 
years. 
Emissions from volatile organic compounds 
(VOCs)
For years, Signify has been focusing on 
improving its operations relating to the 
coating of products to reduce the use of 
VOCs. In 2023, we developed a more precise 
and scientific approach to calculate our VOC 
emissions and we included sites until now out 
of scope. In the 2023 approach, we have 
included all manufacturing sites in the scope 
of reporting and used an improved and 
automated Excel tool to track all chemicals 
used in our manufacturing process, including 
chemicals used in surface treatment 
activities such as cleaning, degreasing, pre-
coating and coating, soldering, gluing, 
finishing, chemicals used in the maintenance 
of equipment involved in the manufacturing 
process, chemicals used in painting lines for 
outdoor and indoor applications, chemicals 
produced in-house and used in the 
manufacture of the final product and 
chemicals used in the treatment of waste 
streams from manufacturing processes such 
as in wastewater treatment plants.
As result we noticed that toluene emissions 
have gone up. This increase can be explained 
by a combination or our more precise 
tracking of emissions and the addition of 
more sites that were previously out of scope. 
In 2024, we will continue to streamline the 
chemical management approach to further 
reduce our emissions.
Emissions of VOCs (Kg)
2021 2022 2023
823.5 735.91 701.59
Through sustainable design rules, all new 
product developments meet stringent 
sustainability criteria before their market 
launch. All our products and systems 
delivered to countries requiring the CE 
marking are compliant with the RoHS 
Directive (2011/65/ EU) and REACH (EC 
14 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 15:
1907/2006) Regulation. We require all our 
suppliers to communicate all substances in 
their components and to comply with the 
stipulations that we have listed in our 
Regulated Substance List (RSL), which in 
many cases goes beyond legislation. In 2023, 
we continued to engage with our suppliers, 
further rolling out the publicly available 
BOMcheck tool, in which components and 
substances can be registered.  
Product quality
Signify is strongly committed to responsible 
product stewardship. The Signify quality 
management system is ISO 9001:2015 
certified, covering all business activities. 
When it comes to quality, we believe 
prevention of defects is better than cure.
This is reflected in our structured approach 
towards the selection and qualification of 
suppliers, manufacturing, installation and 
delivery of our products and services. 
Additionally, our employees follow in-person 
or e-learning trainings on safety and quality. 
As an example, our research and 
development employees need to follow a 
mandatory training on Design for safety and 
this year, we launched safety awareness 
training for our business leaders across the 
organization. The implementation of 
Advanced Quality methods is leading to 
higher maturity levels of products and 
services and consequently higher customer 
satisfaction.
In line with mandatory legislation all over the 
world, Signify is committed to placing only 
safe products on the market. In the event 
products have been brought to market that 
do not meet the essential safety 
requirements, Signify takes a systematic 
approach and appropriate actions, which 
might  include a product recall, especially in 
case the health and safety of individuals are 
of concern. Signify has a robust process in 
place to ensure impacted constituents are 
informed. In 2023, no product safety issues 
were found that resulted in a material fine or 
penalty.
Water
Signify recognizes the growing importance of 
water usage in our operations and everyday 
activities. As we continue to expand our 
portfolio of LED products, systems and 
services, the water intensity of our 
operations and activities continues to 
decrease. Despite this, one manufacturing 
site in India is in an area having extremely high 
water stress and might face water scarcity 
risks. To analyze and quantify our exposure to 
water risk, we utilized the open-source 
Water Risk Monetizer tool by Ecolab, Trucost, 
and Microsoft. The results show that 5% of 
our global water consumption is located in 
regions classified as having high-water 
scarcity. 
While some of our facilities have reuse and 
recycling measures in place, we continued to 
implement and identify new and more 
efficient water saving measures as well as 
continuing our transition to technology and 
business models to have lower a dependency 
on water. We  continue to  aim to reduce our 
water usage by 5% annually. Total water 
intake in 2023 was 1,057,890 m3, 9% lower 
than 2022 (1,163,961  m3)  with 61% of our 
water intake used for domestic purposes.
Zero Waste to landfill
We are committed to send zero 
manufacturing waste to landfill and keep the 
recycle rate as high as possible. In 2023, our 
focus has been on driving continuous 
improvements and process optimization 
across the globe. At the end of the year, 
Signify was sending zero waste to landfill 
according to its commitment and the final site 
from a recent acquisition transitioned to zero 
waste in Q4.
We improved our practices regarding waste 
segregation, waste awareness training and 
sharing best practices across regions. In 
2023, Signify registered 1.67 kilotonnes of 
hazardous waste (2022: 1.61 kilotonnes), of 
which 46% was recycled. 
While waste increased slightly in 2023,we will 
continue our efforts to reduce our hazardous 
waste by 5% annually. 
Our recycling programs address waste arising 
from manufacturing activities, such as glass 
or canteen waste, as well as from suppliers, 
such as packaging materials. 88% of total 
waste was recycled in 2023 and we 
continued to recycle 100% of our metal and 
glass waste. To increase circularity of 
materials, some locations have begun reusing 
cardboard outer packaging from incoming 
materials as inner packing on outgoing 
products. Previously, this cardboard material 
would have been recycled.   For more details 
on our commitment scope, please refer to 
the data definitions in Section 1 of this 
supplement.
15 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Manufacturing waste in kilotonnes
2021 2022 2023
Recycled 38.7 (89%) 37.7 (89) 28.1 (88%)
Incinerated 3.8 (9%) 3.8 (9%) 3.2 (10%)
Landfilled 0.9 (2%) 0.6 (1.5%) 0.5 (1.5%)
In scope of commitments 0.4 (0.88%) 0.2 (0.49%) 0.04 (0.12%)
Recycling rate per waste category
2021 2022 2023
Canteen waste  66 %  72 %  46 %
Chemical waste  36 %  45 %  40 %
Electrical and electronic waste  100 %  99 %  87 %
Glass line rejects  100 %  100 %  100 %
Metal scrap  100 %  100 %  100 %
Paper and cardboard  99 %  97 %  99 %
Plastic waste  81 %  84 %  82 %

Page 16:
4   Task Force on 
Climate-related 
disclosures 
(TCFD)
The potentially significant impacts of climate 
change pose a challenge to the stability and 
continuity of businesses over the short, 
medium, and long terms. With a global 
footprint, Signify’s manufacturing sites and 
supply chain are exposed to these physical 
and transition risks related to climate 
change. On the other hand, the transition to 
a lower-carbon economy presents climate 
related opportunities for Signify’s sustainable 
growth areas based on low-carbon 
technological innovation: (1) Climate action, 
(2) Circular economy, (3) Food availability,   
(4) Safety & security, and (5) Health & well-
being.
Driven by the perceived high magnitude of 
financial impacts attributed to climate risks, 
the assessment of climate risks becomes 
imperative and future-prove. Disclosing 
climate-related physical and transition risks 
showcases long-term business sustainability. 
As a leader in sustainability, Signify is 
committed to improving its global operations 
and reducing its emissions over the entire 
value chain. This includes understanding the 
risks posed by climate change and how to 
improve business resilience accordingly. 
Therefore, it is paramount to assess the 
potential impacts of climate related risks and 
opportunities on our business operations and 
financial performance under different 
scenarios. Signify seeks to maintain an 
evolving overview of these risks and 
opportunities over time. 
Signify has been reporting its climate-related 
risks and opportunities in alignment with the 
Task Force on Climate related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and 
guidance since 2018. In 2023, we continued 
our efforts to further assess our climate-
related risks and opportunities via our 
internal cross-department task force. As 
disclosures have evolved, we are now moving 
towards aligning with the relevant CSRD ESRS 
and we conducted our annual climate risk 
assessments in line with the four core 
elements of governance, strategy, risk 
management, and metrics and targets. This 
year’s assessment has resulted in refining 
our climate risk mitigation and adaptation 
strategy as well as contributed to our climate 
transition plan.
To avoid repetition between the TCFD and 
our Annual Report, each of the core 
elements will have references to the Annual 
Report that provide more details. 
Governance
Board's oversight of climate-related risks 
and opportunities
Our governance is effectively designed to 
manage the energy transition strategy and 
continue making significant progress towards 
optimizing long-term value through financial, 
environmental and social resources. The 
Supervisory Board, Signify’s highest 
governance body, is accountable for climate-
related policies and strategies to combat 
climate change as well as the double 
materiality assessment, which shows that 
climate action is our most material topic. 
The Supervisory Board provides primary 
oversight of the delivery of our sustainability 
and energy transition strategy. The 
Leadership team consisting of Alice 
Steenland the Chief Strategy & Sustainability 
Officer (CSSO) and Maurice Loosschilder the 
Head of Sustainability, provide oversight of 
16 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 17:
the management of climate-related risks and 
their financial impact with the help of the 
Audit committee. Quarterly meetings are held 
with the Leadership Team, Supervisory 
Board, Audit Committee, and Board of 
Management (BOM), dedicated to discussing 
the company's strategy towards sustainable 
long-term value creation. The Audit 
committee assists the Board in overseeing 
the macro- environment trends and changes, 
the impact on the lighting market forecast, 
the company's financial and sustainability 
performance. They also review the 
performance of the strategic initiatives and 
how these contribute to the company's 5 
Frontiers strategy.
Since 2021, the annual risk workshop 
identifies the top risks and opportunities to 
offer a complete overview of our financial 
and non-financial risks and opportunities and 
improve the link between sustainability, risk 
management, and strategy. In 2022 and 
2023, the risk mitigation process was further 
improved by connecting with relevant 
strategic initiatives and follow ups on 
progress on a quarterly basis.
Year-round, the Leadership Team ensures 
the proper frameworks are put in place to 
guarantee that the progress on targets and 
goals concerning actual and potential 
climate-related financial and environmental 
risks and impacts are appropriately identified 
and assessed. And as part of the monitoring, 
they set guidance on how to monitor 
quantitatively targets to reduce carbon over 
the value chain. Every quarter, Signify's BoM 
reviews the processes relating to climate-
relate issues together with our CSSO, 
including material items, action plans, risk 
management plans, sustainability budget, and 
investment in climate-related opportunities. 
The BoM guides the performance and 
oversees  the progress  against targets  and 
commitments set out in our sustainability 
program, including the ones addressing 
climate-related issues, and corrective 
actions are taken when necessary. 
Signify's Leadership Team, including our BoM, 
are incentivized via Long Term Incentives 
(LTI). The vesting of 25% of the LTI grant is 
dependent on how well Signify performs on 
its (climate-related) sustainability targets.
References:
• Section 8 - Supervisory Board report of 
the Annual Report 2023                                      
More information on our Committee’s 
activities can be found in the 8.3 “Key 
activities of the supervisory board 
committees in 2023”.
Management's role in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities
Climate-related risks and opportunities are 
managed the same way as other risks. 
Signify’s BoM is responsible for the overall 
risk management associated with the 
company's activities. It is assisted by the 
company leadership team, which participates 
on a quarterly basis in audit risk and control 
meetings organized by the Risk Committee, 
to identify material risks and review progress 
on the implementation of risk responses, 
including climate-related risks.
Sustainability is at the core of our strategy 
and purpose. The executive responsibility for 
climate-related issues is assigned to our 
CSSO, to ensure the strong linkage and 
synergy between the company’s strategy and 
sustainability commitments, as well as to 
drive Signify's performance in the space of 
climate action. Our CSSO oversees strategy 
setting, sustainability budget, and climate 
action plans. Our CSSO reports directly to 
our CEO and addresses climate-related 
issues regularly to the BoM in case of major 
capital expenditures, acquisitions, and 
divestitures.
Signify’s CSSO oversees a multi-discipline 
Climate Risk Assessment Taskforce team, 
consisting of experts in Operations, 
Insurance, Risk Committee, Internal Audit, 
Sustainability, and Environmental, Health, and 
Safety (EHS). The Taskforce team is 
responsible for the continuous evaluation of 
the company’s short-term and long-term 
climate-related risks and opportunities. This, 
as part of Signify’s integral risk management 
and business control, contributes to 
maximizing climate-related opportunities and 
improving our resilience to climate change.
Members of the Board of Management are 
eligible for a long-term equity-based 
incentive under the Signify Long-term 
Incentive Plan (LTI Plan). The objective of the 
long-term incentive is to link pay with long-
term sustainable value creation. In addition to 
the Board of Management, another 
approximately 700 employees globally are 
eligible for participation in a similar long-term 
incentive plan. Because of the importance of 
sustainability for our long-term value 
creation, the vesting of 25% of the annual 
long-term incentive grant is dependent on 
how well Signify performs on its sustainability 
targets, including the targets related to 
climate action.  
References:
• Sections 4.1.1 Sustainability Governance of 
the Annual Report 2023
• Section 13.1 - Establish strong risk 
management environment of the Annual 
Report 2023
Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities 
identified and their impact
Risks are assessed and identified annually by 
conducting the TCFD assessment and 
reporting the findings in the annual report. 
Signify assesses the materiality of climate-
related risks and opportunities based on 
their likelihood of occurrence as well as the 
estimated magnitude of resulting financial 
impact. The materiality assessment 
performed is substantially similar to that 
which Signify applies to all business risks and 
opportunities.
Based on this assessment, the company has 
identified the following short/medium/long 
term risks. 
Transition risks and opportunities
According to the IEA B2DS and the IEA 450 
scenario, we are expecting a world with 
deeper and wider adaptation of renewable 
energy, as well as continuous improvement of 
energy efficiency. The upcoming 
environmental regulations and policies are 
expected to be more stringent across the 
globe, which helps stimulate the transition 
toward green and low carbon technology. 
This, on the other hand, will increase the 
market demand for sustainable products.
The climate-related transition risks assessed 
are presented in the below table. In line with 
the IEA B2DS and the IEA 450 scenario, we 
17 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 18:
have focused on transition risks relevant for 
Signify in the following aspects: policy and 
legal, technology, market, and reputation. 
For a few high-priority risks we performed a 
regional deep-dive, the results of which are 
shown in Figure A. 
In terms of transition opportunities, we have 
focused on the following aspects: resource 
efficiency, products and services, markets, 
and resilience. To understand the potential 
impact of the short-, medium-, and long-
term opportunities, we made the following 
assumptions: 
• There are varying levels of regulatory 
requirements on energy efficiency of 
lighting products
• No marginal price erosion
• Signify maintains its current market share 
in the lighting industry
• There will be an increased need for 
lighting based on population increase, 
urbanization, GDP growth and lighting 
market intelligence.
18 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Transition risks and opportunities Potential Impact Short term 
(2025)
Medium term 
(2030)
Long term 
(2050)
Policy and legal
Increased pricing of GHG 
emission
The broader adaption of GHG pricing, carbon taxes, and trading schemes across the 
globe will drive up operational and productions costs. n n n
Change in regulatory 
requirement for low-carbon 
products
Increased revenue resulting from products and services that fulfill the low-carbon 
and energy efficient requirements. This presents opportunity for Signify as we have a 
strong and differentiating portfolio of energy efficient and low-carbon products. n n n
Technology
Substitution of existing products 
and services with lower emissions 
options
We anticipate the introduction of more stringent minimum energy performance 
standards for lighting products in the coming decade, in which case, the least energy 
efficiency products in our portfolio would be phased out and substituted. Therefore, 
revenues from these products would decrease.
n n n
Market
Energy crisis driving demand form 
energy efficient and low-carbon 
products
On top of the climate crisis, 2023 was also impacted by an energy crisis, making 
energy reductions more urgent than ever. As lighting represents around 15% of 
global electricity consumption, the lighting industry will need to speed up adapting to 
changing environmental regulations. This presents a large opportunity for Signify. 
Through its global leadership in energy efficient lighting, Signify’s portfolio is uniquely 
positioned to mitigate risks and invest in these opportunities.
n n n
Changing customer behavior
Growth in revenue resulting from increased customer awareness regarding climate 
change and increase demand for products manufactured by a sustainable company 
creating positive environmental and social impact. n n n
Increased cost of raw materials
Signify’s suppliers who operate in regions vulnerable to extreme weather events (e.g., 
floods and hurricanes) could be affected by changes in physical climate parameters, 
which may lead to disruption in supply chain and increased cost of raw materials. n n n
Reputation Credibility of emissions-related 
reporting and disclosure
Signify’s sustainability statements, including all topics related to emissions are audited 
by independent third party against Reasonable Assurance. Credibility and 
transparency of sustainability reporting has been our strength. n n n

Page 19:
19 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Transition risks and opportunities Potential Impact Short term 
(2025)
Medium term 
(2030)
Long term 
(2050)
Resource efficiency Use of more efficient 
production processes, use of 
recycling
Reduced operating costs (e.g., through efficiency gains and cost 
reductions). Reduced exposure to GHG emissions and therefore less 
sensitivity to changes in cost of carbon. Signify has implemented more 
than 200 energy efficiency initiatives in our facilities worldwide and 
reduce 70% of carbon footprint in last decade.
n n n
Increased water pricing due to 
scarcity
Increased water pricing might drive up production cost in the medium and 
long term. Using the Water Risk Monetizer tool by Ecolab, Trucost, and 
Microsoft, we assessed our current portfolio of operating manufacturing 
facilities, considering different scenarios of risk adjusted pricing for 
water. Potential impact on business would be non-significant. Signify has 
set a target to reduce 5% of water consumption every year.
n n n
Products and services Development and/or expansion 
of low emission goods and 
services
Reputational benefits resulting in increased demand for goods/services. 
Increased revenues resulting from increased demand for low-carbon 
products and services. Signify has a strong portfolio and leading market 
position of low-carbon and energy efficient products and services.
n n n
Development of new products 
or services through R&D and 
innovation
Increased revenues resulting from increased demand for products and 
services that are low-carbon and more energy efficient. Signify is strong 
in sustainable design and innovation. n n n
Shift in consumer preferences Increased revenues resulting from increased demand for products and 
services that fulfill consumer’s low-carbon preferences. Signify has a 
strong portfolio, offering a wide range of low-carbon and energy efficient 
products, systems and services.
n n n
Markets Access to new markets As part our strategy, Signify is driving 5 new growth for sustainability 
areas to help address the world’s greatest challenges: (1) climate action, 
(2) circular economy, (3) food availability, (4) safety & security, and (5) 
health & well-being. Sustainable design and innovation will gain us access 
to these markets, resulting in increased revenue.
n n n
Use of public-sector incentives Increase revenues from products, systems and services that align with 
policy schemes. Signify’s energy efficient and low-carbon offering fit right 
into the European Green Deal and the American Jobs Plan. n n n

Page 20:
20 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Transition risks and opportunities Potential Impact Short term 
(2025)
Medium term 
(2030)
Long term 
(2050)
Resilience Participation in renewable 
energy programs and adoption 
of energy efficiency measures.
Reduced exposure to future fossil fuel price increases. Reduced 
exposure to GHG emissions and therefore less sensitivity to changes in 
cost of carbon. Signify has reduced 77% GHG emissions in its operations 
in 2023 and used 100% renewable electricity since 2020.
n n n
Development of climate 
adaptation and insurance risk 
solutions
Increased resilience and reduced exposure to climate risks due to the 
establishment of Signify Climate Risk Assessment Taskforce team in 
2020. This dedicated multi-discipline Taskforce team consists of 
experts in Operations, Insurance, Risk Committee, Internal Audit, 
Sustainability, and EHS. Climate adaptation and insurance risk solutions 
are reviewed at least annually.
n n n
n	 High Risk                         n	 Medium Risk                                    n	 Low Risk
n	 High Opportunity          n	 Medium Opportunity                     n	 Low Opportunity
Figure A: Transition risks and opportunities at regional level

Page 21:
Physical risks
The climate-related physical risks are 
presented in the table to the right. We have 
focused on assessing physical risks relevant 
for Signify’s manufacturing sites and 
warehouses/distribution centers, namely 
riverine flooding, coastal flooding, drought, 
tropical storm, and heatwave. We evaluated 
one short-term (2025) and two long-term 
(2100) scenarios: a below 2°C (SSP1-2.6 
scenario – taking the sustainable road), and 
an above 4°C (SSP5-8.5 scenario – fossil 
fueled development path). It is worth noting 
that the long-term impact of physical risks is 
influenced by climate change and degree of 
global warming. In particular, the long-term 
risks of riverine flooding, droughts, and 
tropical cyclones under the above 4°C 
scenario are expected to be significantly 
higher than the below 2°C scenarios. 
As a result of the 2023 climate-related 
physical risk assessment, no risks are 
identified as material. The assessment of 
physical risk is conducted on a yearly basis 
due to the unpredictability of extreme 
weather events, leading to an increased or 
decreased level of risks due to climate 
change. Nevertheless, Signify is well 
prepared for climate-related physical risks 
and have a resilient adaptation plan in the 
form of a cross-functional business 
continuity plan. This adaptation plan enables 
flexibility in terms production locations, 
employee working locations, sourcing 
options, and transportation options, thereby 
minimizing the overall impact of climate-
related physical risks on Signify’s operations 
as well as value chain. 
Our business resilience
Mitigating climate related risks at Signify
Sustainability is at the core of our strategy 
and purpose. Signify has a robust 
sustainability program, Brighter Lives, Better 
World, which sets ambitious target for 
climate action. Signify is one of the first 
companies committing to verified Science-
Based Targets in line with the Paris 
Agreement 1.5°C pathway to cut GHG 
emissions in our operations as well as in our 
value chain.
Over the past decade, we implemented 
hundreds of emission reductions initiatives in 
our facilities worldwide, which enabled us to 
reduce 70% of our gross operational 
emissions. Since 2020, Signify uses 100% 
renewable electricity and has invested in 
three virtual Power Purchase Agreements 
(PPAs) to, on one hand, ensure long-term 
and high-quality renewable energy sourcing, 
on the other hand, enable the green power 
grid transition. Signify has a strong position in 
sustainable innovation and design. Our 
sustainable innovations continue to 
revolutionize the lighting industry toward 
low-carbon and energy efficiency. In 2023, 
we invested EUR 271 million in sustainable 
innovation which represents 88% of Signify 
R&D expenses. These investments in emission 
reduction and sustainable innovation have led 
to further improvements in the areas of 
energy efficiency and circular economy, 
largely improving our resilience to the future 
change of policy and regulations, the future 
change of (low carbon) technology, the 
future change of customer behavior and 
consumer preference, the future resource 
and energy scarcity; and in the meanwhile, 
reduced our exposure to increase cost of 
carbon and fossil energy.
In terms of physical risks, the Climate Risk 
Assessment Taskforce team, launched in 
2020, has been screening and evaluating 
relevant climate-related risks and their 
impacts in details for our sites all over the 
world. These risks are reviewed at least once 
per year at individual plant, regional, business 
group and function, or company level. We 
continue evaluating those sites at higher risk 
in the long term, discussing response 
21 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Physical risk Potential Impact
Short term 
(2025)
Long term 
(2050)<2°C
Long term 
(2050)>4°C
Riverine flooding Riverine flooding might be relevant for 23% of our sites. Due to 
high level of preparedness and high resilience at site level, risk 
and exposure are expected to be low in the below 2°C 
scenario.
n n n
Coastal flooding Coastal flooding might be relevant for 9% of our sites. Due to 
high level of preparedness and high resilience at site level, risk 
and exposure are expected to be low. n n n
Droughts Droughts might be relevant for 21% of our sites. Due to high 
level of preparedness and high resilience at site level, risk and 
exposure are expected to the low in the below 2°C scenario. n n n
Heatwaves Only 6% of our sites might be affected by heatwaves. Due to 
high level of preparedness and high resilience at site level, risk 
and exposure are expected to the low. n n n
Tropical cyclones Tropical might be relevant for 26% of our sites. Overall, a 
medium risk level is perceived even in the below 2°C scenario. 
For sites that are at higher risk in the long term, we keep 
reviewing the risk profile and response plan for mitigation and/
or adaptation.
n n n
n	 High Risk                         n	 Medium Risk                                    n	 Low Risk

Page 22:
strategies accordingly, and incorporating 
climate-related risks into company’s overall 
risk review cycles. 
Mitigating climate related risks in supply chain
Climate change related physical risks in 
different geographical locations could 
potentially interrupt our supply chain and 
business continuity. Nevertheless, due to our 
wide-ranging supply network, these risks are 
well monitored and not considered material 
at present. 
Regular surveys are conducted by Signify to 
identify and rank the suppliers based on their 
vulnerability to climate related physical and 
transition risks. As a result, we developed a 
robust adaptation strategy (including but not 
limited to dual sourcing practices) for our 
supply chain. This enables us to respond 
appropriately and timely; and prevent 
disruptions to our business operations. We 
optimize our supply chains for their efficiency 
and resilience to climate risk.
We engage with suppliers on a variety of 
activities and training sessions to enhance 
their capability and resilience with regard to 
climate change related risks.
Climate change adaptation strategy
Climate related risks and opportunities are 
taken into consideration in our business 
continuity strategies. In the long term, we 
are committed to continue deepening our 
understanding around climate-related risks 
and opportunities. 
We implement a proactive approach to 
climate risk adaptation. The risk and 
vulnerability assessments carried out by the 
Climate Risk Assessment Taskforce team 
enable us to understand our exposure to 
climate risks, for the near term and the long 
term. This allows us to develop appropriate 
resilience framework for our own facilities as 
well as our supply chains. For example, in 
response to the energy crisis, which is a 
climate-related transition risk, we are 
exploring alternatives to source cleaner 
energy to not only tackle the potential 
energy shortage but also reduce emissions in 
our operations. In addition, with strong and 
differentiated portfolio of low-carbon and 
energy-efficient products, we are adapting 
to new market trends that emerged due to 
climate change and energy crisis.
Ultimately, our climate change adaptation 
approach improves our resilience to climate-
related risks as well as allows risks or 
opportunities response plans and strategies 
to be developed in a timely matter. 
References:
• Section 2 CEO Letter of the Annual Report 
2023
• Section 4.4 Better World of the Annual 
Report 2023
• Section 5.1 Financial performance of the 
Annual Report 2023
• Section 13.5 Climate change of the Annual 
Report 2023
Risk Management 
Climate-related risks and opportunities 
assessment process
Since 2020, the dedicated multi-discipline 
Climate Risk Assessment Taskforce team, 
consisting of experts in Operations, 
Insurance, Risk Committee, Internal Audit, 
Sustainability, and EHS is responsible for the 
continuous evaluation the company’s short-
term and long-term climate-related physical 
and transition risks and opportunities under 
difference climate change scenarios, as 
illustrated in Figure B. We are proactively 
investigating how physical and transition risks 
affect our global operations. In response to 
these identified risks and opportunities, we 
develop risk adaptation and mitigation 
strategies that enhance our operational 
resilience, risk management, and financial 
planning.
Physical risks
Climate-related physical risks are assessed 
under different climate change scenarios, 
namely a short-term scenario, and two long-
term scenarios in line with the Shared Socio-
economic Pathways (SSP) described in the 
IPCC AR6 report: a below 2°C or SSP1-2.6 
scenario – taking the sustainable path, and 
an above 4°C or SSP5-8.5 scenario – fossil 
fueled development path. The SSPs are 
narratives describing alternative socio-
economic trends that shape future 
22 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Figure B: Signify's climate risk assessment approach

Page 23:
scenarios. In line with the latest climate 
sciences, the SSPs explore the climate 
responses of a range of possible future 
atmosphere GHG concentrations and analyze 
the resulting changes in future global 
temperatures compared to pre-industrial 
levels. 
The physical risk assessment approach 
consists of three steps: risk mapping, risk 
assessment, and risk mitigation. Signify 
continues to monitor its exposure to physical 
risks related to climate change and is working 
at individual plant level to reduce and 
mitigate the impact of those risks. The first 
step is risk mapping for all our manufacturing 
facilities and warehouses/distribution 
centers under different IPCC climate change 
scenarios. Site risk mapping identifies, among 
others, physical risks related to climate 
hazards, such as flooding, heatwaves, 
droughts, etc. Subsequently, a risk 
assessment is performed depending on the 
geographical location, the type of activity, 
and financial exposure related to a specific 
facility and/or operation. We evaluate the 
environmental, social, and governance 
aspects which have the greatest impact on 
our business and the greatest level of 
concern to stakeholders along our value 
chain. These direct or indirect aspects may 
represent opportunities and risks, and thus 
influence our ability to create or preserve 
economic, environmental, and social value for 
our stakeholders and for Signify. Assessing 
these aspects enables us to understand their 
implications in financial and non-financial 
terms, thereby prioritizing risk mitigation and 
effectively addressing them in our policies 
and programs.
Transition risks
The Climate Risk Assessment Taskforce team 
continuously follows external trends of 
market (energy crisis), policy, regulations, 
(low carbon) technology, and customer 
preference, in order to identify near-term, 
medium-term, and long-term transition risks 
in line with the IEA scenarios including the IEA 
Below 2 Degrees scenario (IEA B2DS) and the 
IEA 450 scenario. Signify's BoM is briefed 
each quarter to review the transition risks 
and opportunities, as well as the short, 
medium, and long-term response strategies.
References:
• Chapter 13 of the Annual Report 2023
Climate-related risks and opportunities 
management process
Climate-related risks and opportunities are 
managed the same way as other risks. 
Signify's risk management focuses on the 
following risk categories: Strategic, 
Operational, Compliance, and Financial risks. 
As climate-related risks cuts across all these 
four categories, climate-related risk 
management is fully embedded in our risk 
management process and recognized at the 
management level.
Signify’s Business Control Framework (BCF) 
sets the standard for risk management and 
business controls in the company. The 
objectives of the BCF are to maintain 
integrated management control of the 
company’s operations, in order to ensure the 
integrity of the financial reporting and 
related disclosure including disclosure of 
climate-related risks, as well as compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations. We 
regularly evaluate and improve our BCF to 
align with business dynamics and good 
practice. Our leadership team is responsible 
for identifying the critical business risks and 
for implementing appropriate risk responses. 
We continuously follow external trends to 
determine the issues most relevant for our 
company and where we can have the 
greatest positive impact. 
For risk management, a comprehensive view 
of the company’s business strategy and 
activities is required. To do so, Signify’s risks 
and opportunities are identified, assessed, 
managed, and controlled in a structured way, 
combining elements of top-down and 
bottom-up approaches. 
For climate-related strategic risks, the 
company leadership team review the risks 
and ranks them based on impact, likelihood, 
risk criticality and control effectiveness, 
during the annual risk workshop. Owners are 
assigned and accountable for ensuring 
adequate risk mitigation and monitoring 
measures are implemented. The outcome of 
the risk workshop is integrated in the 
strategic planning cycle. Each quarter the 
key risks are discussed during the audit and 
risk committee meetings. Reported risks and 
opportunities are analyzed for potential 
cumulative effects and are aggregated at 
Division, Market Group, and company level.
For climate-related operational risks, risks 
are reviewed on a regular basis as part of the 
business performance reviews or, for 
specific topics, through dedicated risk 
committees. In addition, on an annual basis 
the top risks are identified by the company’s 
leadership team. Relevant risks including 
those associated with business opportunities 
are prioritized in terms of potential impact 
and likelihood, considering quantitative and/
or qualitative aspects and reviewed with the 
board of management. On a quarterly basis, 
risks and controls are reviewed in the audit 
risk committees with the Divisions, Market 
Groups and specific Functions. As part of the 
Business Continuity plan, we continue 
monitoring our exposure to climate-related 
risks and are working at individual plant level 
to mitigate and minimize the impact of those 
risks.
For climate-related compliance risks, we 
continuously follow external trends, 
especially the development of regulations 
and policies focusing on the product 
environmental impact and transition to a net-
zero economy, and other emerging 
discussion. Potential risks of non-compliance 
are regularly reviewed within Signify at 
regional, business group, or company level. 
This ensures our preparedness against 
emerging regulations and policies and ability 
to adjust our portfolio. 
For climate-related financial risks, since 
2020, the Climate Risk Assessment Taskforce 
team has been screening and evaluating 
relevant climate-related risks and their 
financial impacts in details for our sites all 
over the world. These risks are reviewed at 
least once per year at individual plant, 
regional, business group and function, or 
company level. This improves our resilience 
to climate-related risks and allows risks 
response plans/strategies to be developed in 
a timely matter. 
References:
• Section 4.4 Better World of the Annual 
Report 2023
• Chapter 13 of the Annual Report 2023
23 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 24:
Metrics and targets
Manage climate-related risks and 
opportunities and performance against 
targets.
Sustainability is at the core of our company 
strategy and purpose. Climate action is 
perceived as the most material topic by our 
internal and external stakeholders as the 
result of our 2023 double materiality 
assessment. Signify is committed to double 
our positive impact on the environment and 
society by the end of 2025. Our climate-
related metrics and targets are provided in 
the table.
References:
• Chapter 4.4 of the Annual Report 2023
24 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Targets Baseline year Target year Definition
Brighter Lives, Better World 2025 program 
D o u b l e  t h e  p a c e  w e  a c h i e v e  t h e  1 . 5 º  d e g r e e  s c e n a r i o  
of the Paris Agreement (Full scope 1 + 2 +3)
2019 (0) 2025 The cumulative yearly difference between the GHG 
emissions of Paris Agreement 1.5°C pathway and the actual 
value chain emissions of Signify.
100% Renewable Electricity 2015 (58%) 2020 
(100% Achieved)
Percentage of electricity from renewable sources.
A p p r o v e d  S c i e n c e - B a s e d  T a r g e t s ,  1 . 5 º  s c e n a r i o  
Reduce by 70% carbon emissions from scope 1 and 2 2015 2030 Reduction of 70% of absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
Reduce by 30% carbon emissions from scope 3 
product use
2015 2030 Reduction of 30% of absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from 
use of sold products
Metrics 2023 Unit
Scope 1 148 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Scope 2 (market based) 0 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Scope 2 (location based) 129 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Scope 3 (indirect emission categories): kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 1: Purchased good and services 683 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 2: Capital goods 15 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 3: Fuel-and Energy-related activities, Not included in 
Scope 1 or Scope 2
33 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution, of which: 87 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
• Air transport  20 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
• Road transport  27 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
• Ocean transport  40 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 5: Waste generated in operations  9 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 6: Business travel  13 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 7: Employee commuting  35 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 11: Use of sold products  191,779 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Category 12: End of life treatment and sold products 18 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent
Operational carbon footprint efficiency 0.37 kilotonnes CO2-equivalent per million-euro sales

Page 25:
For the world to achieve a sustainable future, 
businesses need to address their 
dependencies and impact on nature including 
biodiversity, ecosystem services, water, and 
climate. As well as this over-arching reason 
for taking action on biodiversity, a range of 
regulatory and policy drivers and market-led 
initiatives are compelling companies to better 
understand and address their interfaces with 
nature. These include CSRD (Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive), ESRS 
(European Sustainability Reporting 
Standards), TNFD (Taskforce on Nature 
related Financial Disclosures), along with 
European regulation addressing 
deforestation (European Deforestation 
Regulation [EUDR]), supply chain 
transparency (increasing TNFD and CSRD 
focus on supply chains) and offshore 
sourcing (Carbon Border Adjustment 
Mechanism [CBAM]).
In 2022, we assessed the biodiversity impacts 
of our own operations. Using the Integrated 
Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT) we  
assessed 175 hectares of land used for 
manufacturing operations and found that no 
manufacturing sites were operating within 
Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs), or protected 
areas (areas of land, freshwater, or sea 
legally protected and managed, as least in 
part, for nature conservation). A deeper 
assessment of 11 sites within two kilometers 
of KBAs and protected areas examined 
potential impacts on land, soil, water, and air, 
and found no impacts that required mitigation 
at that time.  
In 2023, we engaged a specialized nature 
sustainability consultancy to deliver a value 
chain  assessment of our biodiversity impacts,
dependencies, risks, and opportunities and to 
support us in the development of a 
biodiversity action plan. Following the TNFD 
Locate-Evaluate-Assess-Prepare (LEAP) 
framework, the consultancy conducted a 
biodiversity assessment across our value 
chain, including our direct operations 
(manufacturing sites, offices, and legacy 
sites), supply chain partners, commodities, 
and production processes, and through the 
use of our lighting products.  
The following sets out the key findings on 
biodiversity impacts and dependencies, 
identifying priority areas for further 
investigation, and the associated business 
risks and opportunities.
Own operations
We conducted a desk-based screening of 
352 Signify sites (including factories, 
laboratories, offices, warehouses, shops, and 
legacy sites) using the WWF Biodiversity and 
Water Risk Filters which assess a broad range 
of biodiversity indicators at each site to 
determine potential site-specific impacts and 
dependencies on nature.  From that 16 
priority sites were shortlisted based on their 
potential risk for biodiversity impacts, mainly 
through pollution. 
Eight sites are considered potential for high 
risk given there was reasonable evidence of a 
potential impact pathway between the site’s 
operations and important biodiversity 
features within the nearby landscape. The 
impacts were potential water and soil 
pollution, ground water abstraction, and 
disturbances (disturbances can impact 
nature through prolonged or excessive noise 
or light from operating facilities). 
25 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
5   Task Force on 
Nature-related 
financial 
disclosures (TNFD)

Page 26:
While sites reported that they have sufficient 
environmental impact management and 
mitigation measures in place, it was 
recommended that for these eight priority 
sites a field-based assessment should be 
performed to verify the possible impacts 
identified through the desk research and 
review the mitigations in place. Site-based 
assessments will  provide useful information 
on the potential need for further mitigations 
to reduce or more effectively prevent 
impacts but also the enhancements that 
could be implemented and/or promote 
biodiversity on and near the site.
Supply chain
Owing to the volume of input materials and 
the scale of outsourced production, our 
supply chain poses significant potential 
material impacts and dependencies on 
nature. Distribution of sourcing across a wide 
range of direct (tier 1) suppliers, and limited 
visibility of indirect (tier 2+) suppliers adds 
further complexity and scale to potential 
nature-related issues. Limited transparency 
in long supply chains will also likely restrict 
our scope of influence in certain areas, 
requiring closer supplier engagement and 
collaboration to identify and address nature-
related risks and opportunities.
In the production processes and supply of 
three products (LED, fluorescent, and 
incandescent lamps), seven priority 
commodities were highlighted due to high 
impacts and dependencies on nature: 
outsourced LED’s, batteries, plastics, 
aluminum, steel, cardboard, and 
semiconductors. Material water related risks 
are present in the upstream production of all 
commodities. The upstream consumption of 
and reliance on surface water and 
groundwater in basic extractive and 
processing industries pose physical supply 
risks beyond our sphere of influence. 
Opportunities exist to minimize impacts and 
dependencies on nature, and mitigate risk, by 
engaging with key supply chain partners to 
scale up circular economy and recycling 
opportunities, and to increase the use of 
viable, sustainable, alternative materials.
Fifteen of our largest suppliers for priority 
commodities responded to our questionnaire 
about sustainable material use, sourcing 
practices and biodiversity targets and 
metrics as part of this assessment. Increased 
and ongoing supply chain engagement will be 
necessary to fully evaluate how the identified 
nature- related risks are being addressed by 
individual suppliers. 47% of suppliers 
surveyed in this assessment stated that they 
knew nearly all (between 76-100%) of their 
tier 2+ suppliers. Further engagement with 
suppliers on improving supply chain visibility 
(e.g., gathering geographic locations of 
indirect upstream suppliers and sources of 
origin) can allow us to better assess the 
magnitude and likelihood of physical risks, 
and the exposure to reputational and 
transitional risks.
There are also areas for optimization in 
recycled materials use. At present, the actual 
and potential use of recycled materials varies 
across priority commodities. Recycling among 
cardboard suppliers is already mature, and all 
surveyed suppliers stated that they use 
recycled materials in their supply to Signify. 
Signify’s large plastic supply chain (240 
suppliers) represents a source of transitional 
risks given the growing momentum around 
reducing plastic waste (e.g., the Global 
Plastics Treaty, Global Biodiversity 
Framework, product Environmental Product 
Declarations [EPDs]). 33% of plastic suppliers 
stated that they use recycled materials and 
we have already actively reduced fossil-
based plastic use in packaging and have 
minimized landfill to below 1 percent. Another 
area for significant plastic reduction was 
identified in received plastic packaging from 
suppliers.
Recycled material use in the aluminum and 
steel supply chain should also be reassessed 
as the current volumes (10-15% recycled 
aluminum and 27% steel scrap) present 
opportunities for increased recycling 
capacity. Alternative materials made from 
sustainably sourced materials were also 
identified for further investigation, 
particularly where there are limits to 
recycled content use (e.g., extruded 
aluminum). Small markets already exist for 
such products, but demand is currently 
consumer driven, and the feasibility of 
economic scaling is required.
Complex goods such as semiconductors have 
limited options for recycled inputs and 
therefore have greater long-term reliance on 
biodiversity and ecosystem services, in 
particular rare earth minerals, silica sand and 
quartz, of which there should be careful 
consideration of long-term availability given 
these are finite natural resources with 
potentially significant negative impacts on 
nature.
Finally, outsourced LED lamp production 
presents the largest set of physical and 
transition risks. Supply chain transparency 
and risk management with outsourced LED 
lamp producers should be prioritized. The 
number of direct suppliers for outsourced 
LED’s is greater than any other priority 
commodity, and the spend representing 26% 
of total spend. In addition, outsourced LED 
manufacturers are certainly exposed to all of 
the impact and dependency-related risks 
identified for other material inputs (batteries, 
plastics, aluminum steel, cardboard, and 
semiconductors). The extent to which these 
upstream suppliers have identified and 
mitigated nature-related risks is currently 
unknown.
Products
The evidence base around the impacts of 
artificial lighting on biodiversity is growing, 
and the awareness of these issues is 
increasing globally. Light pollution is already 
identified within the Global Biodiversity 
Framework (GBF) under Target 7 due to its 
potential to disrupt the behavior of wildlife 
species, with population-level effects. Such 
impacts, along with increased public and 
policy- maker awareness of the issue, poses 
potential reputational risks. Further, there 
may be future transitional risks if specific 
light pollution targets are included in future 
iterations of GBF Targets and the related 
national-level policies and goals around light 
pollution.
In the assessment of product use impacts, 
seven priority outdoor settings with the 
greatest potential impact on biodiversity 
were defined based on a comprehensive 
review of artificial lighting and biodiversity 
scientific literature, combined with an 
assessment of the product portfolio. These 
were: roads, streets & utility; parks; harbor, 
ports & airports; food production; 
residential; wildlife, turtle & observatory.
26 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 27:
It is important to recognize that while the 
impact pathways between lighting products 
and nature can be severe and large in scale, 
our sphere of influence over the deployment 
and use of products is typically limited. There 
are also necessary trade-offs where human 
health and safety requirements preclude the 
use of biodiversity-friendly lighting 
alternatives.
Despite these barriers, there are 
opportunities to leverage our position as a 
leading lighting solutions provider, and as a 
company which is active in the research, 
development, and deployment of 
biodiversity-friendly lighting products. 
Commercial considerations around the 
availability of low-impact products in high-
impact settings (e.g., aquaculture and parks) 
may allow us to influence the uptake of 
biodiversity-friendly alternative lighting 
across a range of use settings. By engaging 
with and educating commercial and domestic 
customers through consultations and 
communication campaigns, Signify may be 
able to change practices around light use to 
avoid or minimize impact on biodiversity. 
Additionally, by supporting research around 
artificial light and the impacts on nature, we 
can lead on innovative product development 
and contribute to the evidence base to put 
forward and support policy initiatives around 
the use of biodiversity-friendly lighting 
products globally.
The outcome of this value chain assessment 
has supported the development of our 
biodiversity roadmap to 2025. 
Biodiversity roadmap 
The following details the concrete actions to 
be taken until 2025 across the three focal 
areas of our biodiversity assessment. 
Own operations
• Conduct field-based environmental  
assessments for the eight priority sites 
identified as potential high-risk due to 
proximity to nature. 
• Launch best practice guidance on 
biodiversity for sites and educate our 
employees.
• Enhance biodiversity actions at our sites 
through habitat creation and reduction of 
light disturbance.
Supply chain
• Implement monitoring process and data 
collection for the largest suppliers within 
potential high-risk commodities.
• Deliver trainings on biodiversity and engage 
our Tier 1 suppliers in impact management.
• Explore sustainable alternative materials to 
reduce the demand of potential high-risk 
commodities.
• Further assess biodiversity and water 
scarcity issues for potential high-risk 
commodities. 
Products
• Explore partnerships to fund conservation 
efforts with nature-friendly light products.
• Embed biodiversity findings and 
recommendations in our commercial  
process to support customers in mitigating 
impact.
Our roadmap will support us to further 
integrate biodiversity actions across all areas 
of our business. While the outcome of our 
2023 double materiality assessment did not 
find biodiversity to be a material topic for 
Signify, we acknowledge that it is our 
responsibility to identify our negative and 
positive impacts and to take action for 
biodiversity conservation.
To mitigate potential negative impact on 
biodiversity, we already have processes and 
activities in place, such as: 
• Our sustainable supply chain program 
which covers, besides other points, 
environmental impact and management 
systems in our supply base.
• Our sustainable packaging requirements, 
which stand against deforestation of 
natural forests and habitats and promote 
the use of sustainable materials. 
• Our fossil-based plastic-free packaging 
achievement in consumer related 
products, which contributes to less plastic 
pollution in nature and oceans.
• Our horticulture lighting portfolio, which 
contributes to vertical farming to increase 
food production while decreasing land use 
and the use of fertilizers and pesticides.
• Our light spectrum, which helps maintaining 
balanced ecosystem by displaying minimal 
attraction for insects, enabling bats to 
behave the same way as if it was full 
darkness and preventing lit roads from 
acting as borders or obstacles to be 
crossed at night.
In 2023, we launched our Biodiversity policy 
and we continued to contribute to 
biodiversity conservation through two 
projects located in China. The Qianbei 
Afforestation Project and the Liangdu 
Afforestation Project. Through these 
projects we contribute to ensuring that more 
than 73,700 hectares of barren land is 
reforested with native species. 
Based on our methodology for calculating 
societal impact, we created EUR 102 million 
for society through these reforestation 
projects.
27 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 28:
6 GRI content index
Signify reports in accordance with GRI and sets the threshold for most material topics as defined by GRI in the top right part of the materiality matrix. The two most material topics above this 
reporting threshold are Climate action and Circular Economy. We continue to report on Climate action and Human rights GRI topic specific standards disclosures in the index below and our working 
to incorporate Circular economy related topical disclosures in the following year.
GRI 2-1 
Organizational details
a. Report its legal name
b. Report its nature of ownership and legal form
c. Report the location of its headquarters
d. Reports its countries of operations
11 Corporate Governance (a, b) 
3.1 Our strategy (c, d)
GRI 2-2 
Entities included in 
the organization's 
sustainability 
reporting
a. List all its entities included in its sustainability reporting 
b. If the organization has audited consolidated financial statements or financial information files on public record, specify 
the differences between the list of entities included in its financial reporting and the list included in its sustainability 
reporting
c. If the organization consists of multiple entities explain the approach used for consolidating the information including: i) 
whether the approach involves adjustments to information for minority interests; ii) how the approach takes into account 
mergers, acquisitions, and disposal of entities or parts of entities; iii) whether and how the approach differs across the 
disclosures in this Standard and across material topics
4.1 Approach to sustainability 
reporting (a)
15.6 Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements: [3] Information by segment and main 
country; [12] Interest in entities (b, c)
GRI 2-3 
Reporting period, 
frequency and 
contact point
a. Specify the reporting period; 
b. Specify the reporting period for its financial reporting and, if it does not align with the period for its sustainability 
reporting, explain the reason for this;
c. Report the publication date of the report or reported information;
d. Specify the contact point for the questions about the report or reported information
4.1 Approach to sustainability reporting (a, b, c)
January 1 – December 31, 2023 (b) 
February 27, 2024 (c)
Back cover Annual Report 2023 (d)
GRI 2-4 
Restatements of 
information
a. Report restatements of information made from previous reporting periods and explain: i) the reasons for the 
restatements; ii) the effect of the restatements
Where relevant, restatements have been 
disclosed and explained in the Annual Report 
2023 
Sustainability Supplements 2023 – Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope
4.1 Approach to sustainability reporting
GRI 2-5 
External assurance
a. Describe its policy and practice for seeking external assurance, including whether and how the highest governance 
body and senior executive are involved
b. If the organization’s sustainability reporting has been externally assured: i) provide a link or reference to the external 
assurance report(s) or assurance statement(s): ii) describe what has been assured and on what basis including the 
assurance standards used the level of assurance obtained, and any limitations of the assurance process; iii) describe the 
relationship between the organization and the assurance provider
18 Combined independent auditor’s report (a, b)
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
28 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 29:
GRI 2-6 
Activities, value chain 
and other business 
relationships
a. Report the sector(s) in which it is active
b. Describe its value chain, including: i) the organization’s activities, products, services, and markets served; ii) the 
organization’s supply chain; the entities downstream from the organization and their activities 
c. Report other relevant business relationships
d. Describe significant changes in 2-6-a, 2-6-b, and 2-6-c compared to the previous reporting period
3 Creating long-term value (a, b, c)
5 Corporate performance (a, b, c)
4.1 Approach to sustainability reporting (d)
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (a, b, c, d)
GRI 2-7 
Employees
a. Report the total number of employees, and a breakdown of this total by gender and by region;
b. Report the total number of: i) permanent employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region; ii) temporary 
employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region; iii) non-guaranteed hours employees, and a breakdown by gender 
and by region; iv) full-time employees, and a breakdown by gender and by region; v) part-time employees, and a 
breakdown by gender and by region;
c. Describe the methodologies and assumptions used to compile the data, including whether the numbers are reported: i) 
in head count, full-time equivalent (FTE), or using another methodology; ii) at the end of the reporting period, as an 
average across the reporting period, or using another methodology;
d. Report contextual information necessary to understand the data reported under 2-7-a and 2-7-b;
e. Describe significant fluctuations in the number of employees during the reporting period and between reporting 
periods.
4.3.1 Talent & Development (a, b, d, e) 
4.3.2 Diversity, equity & inclusion (b, d) 
Sustainability Supplements 2023 – Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (b, c, d)
 Information not available. As described in the 
"Sustainability Supplements 2023 – Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope, ” social data 
covers all employees that have been fully 
integrated in our systems and excludes 
contingent workers. We do not have enough data 
about contingent workers to currently report at 
a global level. (b iii)
GRI 2-8 
Workers who are not 
employees
a. Report the total number of workers who are not employees and whose work is controlled by the organization and 
describe:i)  the most common types of worker and their contractual relationship with the organization; ii). the type of 
work they perform; 
b. Describe the methodologies and assumptions used to compile the data, including whether the number of workers who 
are not employees is reported: i) in head count, full-time equivalent (FTE), or using another methodology; ii) at the end of 
the reporting period, as an average across the reporting period, or using another methodology. 
c. Describe significant fluctuations in the number of workers who are not employees during the reporting period and 
between reporting periods.
Total number of contingent workers in 2023 is 
included in our FTE final numbers (2023: 31,920) 
and is 4,332 (a) 
Sustainability Supplements 2023 – Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (a, b, c) 
4.3.1 Talent and Development (a, c)
GRI 2-9 
Governance 
structure and 
composition
a. Describe its governance structure, including committees of the highest governance body; 
b. list the committees of the highest governance body that are responsible for decision making on and overseeing the 
management of the organization’s impacts on the economy, environment, and people; 
c. Describe the composition of the highest governance body and its committees by: i) executive and non-executive 
members; ii) independence; iii) tenure of members on the governance body; iv) number of other significant positions and 
commitments held by each member, and the nature of the commitments; v) gender; vi) under-represented social groups; 
vii) competencies relevant to the impacts of the organization; viii) stakeholder representation.
7 Board of Management (a, b, c) 
8 Supervisory board (a, b, c) 
9 Supervisory board report (a, b, c) 
11 Corporate governance (a, b, c) For more on 
other positions and commitments (iv.): https://
www.signify.com/global/ourcompany/investors/
governance/supervisory-board 
GRI 2-10
Nomination and 
selection of the 
highest governance 
body
a. Describe the nomination and selection processes for the highest governance body and its committees; 
b. Describe the criteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance body members, including whether and how 
the following are taken into consideration: i) views of stakeholders (including shareholders); ii) diversity; iii) 
independence; iv) competencies relevant to the impacts of the organization.
9 Supervisory board report (a, b) 
11 Corporate governance (a, b)
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
29 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 30:
GRI 2-11 
Chair of the highest 
governance body
a. Report whether the chair of the highest governance body is also a senior executive in the organization; 
b. If the chair is also a senior executive, explain their function within the organization’s management, the reasons for this 
arrangement, and how conflicts of interest are prevented and mitigated.
11 Corporate Governance (a,b)
GRI 2-12 
Role of the highest 
governance body in 
overseeing the 
management of 
impacts
a. Describe the role of the highest governance body and of senior executives in developing, approving, and updating the 
organization’s purpose, value or mission statements, strategies, policies, and goals related to sustainable development;
b. Describe the role of the highest governance body in overseeing the organization’s due diligence and other processes 
to identify and manage the organization’s impacts on the economy, environment, and people, including: i) whether and 
how the highest governance body engages with stakeholders to support these processes; ii) how the highest 
governance body considers the outcomes of these processes; 
c. Describe the role of the highest governance body in reviewing the effectiveness of the organization’s processes as 
described in 2-12-b, and report the frequency of this review.
9 Supervisory board report (a, b) 
11 Corporate Governance (a,b)
4.1.1 Sustainability governance (c)
4.1.4 Materiality assessment (c)
GRI 2-13 
Delegation of 
responsibility for 
managing impacts
a. Describe how the highest governance body delegates responsibility for managing the organization’s impacts on the 
economy, environment, and people, including: i) whether it has appointed any senior executives with responsibility for the 
management of impacts; ii) whether it has delegated responsibility for the management of impacts to other employees;
b. Describe the process and frequency for senior executives or other employees to report back to the highest 
governance body on the management of the organization’s impacts on the economy, environment, and people.
4.1 Approach to sustainability reporting (a, b)
9 Supervisory Board report (a, b) 
GRI 2-14 
Role of the highest 
governance body in 
sustainability 
reporting
a. Report whether the highest governance body is responsible for reviewing and approving the reported information, 
including the organization’s material topics, and if so, describe the process for reviewing and approving the information; 
b. If the highest governance body is not responsible for reviewing and approving the reported information, including the 
organization’s material topics, explain the reason for this.
4.1.1 Sustainability governance (a, b)
4.1.4 Materiality assessment (a, b) 
GRI 2-15 
Conflicts of interest
a. Describe the processes for the highest governance body to ensure that conflicts of interest are prevented and 
mitigated; 
b. Report whether conflicts of interest are disclosed to stakeholders, including, at a minimum, conflicts of interest 
relating to: i) cross-board membership; ii) cross-shareholding with suppliers and other stakeholders; iii) existence of 
controlling shareholders; iv) related parties, their relationships, transactions, and outstanding balances.
11.5 Other governance matters - Conflict of 
interests (a) 
9 Supervisory Board report (b)
GRI 2-16 
Communication of 
critical concerns
a. Describe whether and how critical concerns are communicated to the highest governance body;
b. Report total number and the nature of critical concerns that were communicated to the highest governance body 
during the reporting period
13.1 Establish strong risk management 
environment (a, b) 
4.3.5 Business ethics (b)
GRI 2-17 
Collective knowledge 
of the highest 
governance body
a. Report measures taken to advance the collective knowledge, skills, and experience of the highest governance body on 
sustainable development 
9 Supervisory board report (a)
GRI 2-18 
Evaluation of the 
performance of the 
highest governance 
body
a. Describe the process for evaluating the performance of the highest governance body in overseeing the management 
of the organization’s impacts on the economy, environment, and people;
b. Report whether the evaluations are independent or not, and the frequency of the evaluations;
a. Describe actions taken in response to the evaluations, including changes to the composition of the highest governance 
body and organizational practices
Evaluation of the performance of the highest 
governance body in 2023 was independent.
9 Supervisory Board report (a, b, c)
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
30 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 31:
GRI 2-19 
Remuneration 
policies
a. Describe the remuneration policies for members of the highest governance body and senior executives, including: i) 
fixed pay and variable pay; ii) sign-on bonuses or recruitment incentive payments; iii) termination payments; iv) clawbacks; 
v) retirement benefits; 
b. Describe how the remuneration policies for members of the highest governance body and senior executives relate to 
their objectives and performance in relation to the management of the organization’s impacts on the economy, 
environment, and people.
10 Remuneration report (a, b) 
GRI 2-20 
Process to determine 
remuneration
a. Describe the process for designing its remuneration policies and for determining remuneration, including: i) whether 
independent highest governance body members or an independent remuneration committee oversees the process for 
determining remuneration; ii) how the views of stakeholders (including shareholders) regarding remuneration are sought 
and taken into consideration; iii) whether remuneration consultants are involved in determining remuneration and, if so, 
whether they are independent of the organization, its highest governance body and senior executives; 
b. Report the results of votes of stakeholders (including shareholders) on remuneration policies and proposals, if 
applicable.
No policy change in 2023. 
10 Remuneration report (a, b) 
GRI 2-21 
Annual total 
compensation ratio
a. Report the ratio of the annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual to the median annual 
total compensation for all employees(excluding the highest-paid individual);
b. Report the ratio of the percentage increase in annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual 
to the median percentage increase in annual total compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual);
c. Report contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.
Signify uses a different methodology and 
therefore will be considered “incomplete” 
according to the GRI Standard. Signify applies a 
methodology to calculate the internal pay ratio 
that is IFRS-driven (i.e. linked to Signify’s notes to 
the Consolidated financial statements). Signify’s 
pay ratio reflects the average total compensation 
of the total global employee workforce, relative 
to the total remuneration package of the CEO, 
the highest-paid individual. 
10.2.10 Signify's internal pay ratio (a, b, c)
GRI 2-22 
Statement on 
sustainable 
development 
strategy
a.  Report a statement from the highest governance body or most senior executive of the organization about the 
relevance of sustainable development to the organization and its strategy for contributing to sustainable development.
2 CEO Message (a)
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
31 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 32:
GRI 2-23 
Policy commitments
a. Describe its policy commitments for responsible business conduct, including: i) the authoritative intergovernmental 
instruments that the commitments reference; ii) whether the commitments stipulate conducting due diligence; iii). 
whether the commitments stipulate applying the precautionary principle; iv) whether the commitments stipulate 
respecting human rights; 
b. Describe its specific policy commitment to respect human rights, including: i) the internationally recognized human 
rights that the commitment covers; ii) the categories of stakeholders, including at-risk or vulnerable groups, that the 
organization gives particular attention to in the commitment; 
c. provide links to the policy commitments if publicly available, or, if the policy commitments are not publicly available, 
explain the reason for this; 
d. Report the level at which each of the policy commitments was approved within the organization, including whether this 
is the most senior level; 
e. Report the extent to which the policy commitments apply to the organization’s activities and to its business 
relationships; 
f. Describe how the policy commitments are communicated to workers, business partners, and other relevant parties.
13.1 Establish strong risk management 
environment (a, c, d, e, f) 
4.1 Approach to sustainability reporting (a, c, d, e, 
f) 
4.3.3 Human rights (b) 
Sustainability Supplements 2023 (a, b, c, d, e, f) 
All policies can be found on our website. 
GRI 2-24 
Embedding policy 
commitments
a. Describe how it embeds each of its policy commitments for responsible business conduct throughout its activities and 
business relationships, including: i) how it allocates responsibility to implement the commitments across different levels 
within the organization; ii) how it integrates the commitments into organizational strategies, operational policies, and 
operational procedures; iii) how it implements its commitments with and through its business relationships; iv) training 
that the organization provides on implementing the commitments.
4.1.2 Sustainability governance (a) 
13.1 Establish strong risk management 
environment (a)
Sustainability Supplements 2023 (a)
GRI 2-25 
Processes to 
remediate negative 
impacts
a. Describe its commitments to provide for or cooperate in the remediation of negative impacts that the organization 
identifies it has caused or contributed to; 
b. Describe its approach to identify and address grievances, including the grievance mechanisms that the organization 
has established or participates in; 
c. Describe other processes by which the organization provides for or cooperates in the remediation of negative impacts 
that it identifies it has caused or contributed to;
d. Describe how the stakeholders who are the intended users of the grievance mechanisms are involved in the design, 
review, operation, and improvement of these mechanisms;
e. Describe how the organization tracks the effectiveness of the grievance mechanisms and other remediation 
processes, and report examples of their effectiveness, including stakeholder feedback.
4 Brighter Lives, Better World (a, b, c) 
13 Risk factors and risk management (a, b, c) 
4.1.4 Materiality assessment (d, e)
4.3.5 Business ethics (b,c,e)
GRI 2-26 
Mechanisms for 
seeking advice and 
raising concerns
a. Describe the mechanisms for individuals to: i) seek advice on implementing the organization’s policies and practices for 
responsible business conduct; ii) raise concerns about the organization’s business conduct.
13.1 Establish strong risk management 
environment (a)
4.3.5 Business ethics (a)
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
32 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 33:
GRI 2-27 
Compliance with laws 
and regulations
a. Report the total number of significant instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations during the reporting 
period, and a breakdown of this total by: i) instances for which fines were incurred; ii) instances for which non-monetary 
sanctions were incurred;
b. report the total number and the monetary value of fines for instances of noncompliance with laws and regulations that 
were paid during the reporting period, and a breakdown of this total by: i) fines for instances of non-compliance with laws 
and regulations that occurred in the current reporting period; ii) fines for instances of non-compliance with laws and 
regulations that occurred in previous reporting periods;
c. describe the significant instances of non-compliance;
d. describe how it has determined significant instances of non-compliance.
Through our internal audit and compliance 
processes, we have determined that Signify has 
not had any significant instances of non-
compliance with laws and regulations during the 
reporting period. (a, b, c, d).
GRI 2-28 
Membership 
associations
a.  Report industry associations, other membership associations, and national or international advocacy organizations in 
which it participates in a significant role.
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - GRI content 
index (a)
GRI 2-29 
Approach to 
stakeholder 
engagement
a. Describe its approach to engaging with stakeholders, including: i) the categories of stakeholders it engages with, and 
how they are identified; ii) the purpose of the stakeholder engagement; iii) how the organization seeks to ensure 
meaningful engagement with stakeholders.
4.1.4 Materiality assessment (a)
GRI 2-30 
Collective bargaining 
agreements
a. Report the percentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements; 
b. For employees not covered by collective bargaining agreements, report whether the organization determines their 
working conditions and terms of employment based on collective bargaining agreements that cover its other employees 
or based on collective bargaining agreements from other organizations.
88.4% (a) Effective December 31, 2023. Excludes 
interns and Signify Employment Scheme 
employees. 
The payment terms and conditions are 
determined by Signify Rewards team which 
reviews benchmarks to determine the salary 
levels, and budgets for salary raises, Long Term 
Incentive’s lease car conditions, holiday 
entitlements and other benefits. Employees have 
to follow guidelines, procedures which are 
applicable to all employees and which are being 
set and arranged based on legal requirements as 
well as via specific agreements with works 
councils (where applicable). (b)
GRI 3-1 
Process to determine 
material topics
a. Describe the process it has followed to determine its material topics, including: i) how it has identified actual and 
potential, negative and positive impacts on the economy, environment, and people, including impacts on their human 
rights, across its activities and business relationships; ii) how it has prioritized the impacts for reporting based on their 
significance; 
b. Specify the stakeholders and experts whose views have informed the process of determining its material topics.
4.1.4 Materiality assessment (a, b) 
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
33 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 34:
GRI 3-2 
List of material topics
a. List its material topics; 
b. Report changes to the list of material topics compared to the previous reporting period.
4.1.4 Materiality assessment (a, b)
Signify reported its first double materiality 
assessment, therefore the  methodology is not 
comparative with that reported in 2022. The 
following  are no longer material in 2023: Business 
ethics, Social impact of light, Innovation, 
Operational excellence, Geopolitical instability, 
Responsible packaging, Hazardous substances, 
Biodiversity and Water usage. (b)
GRI 3-3 
Management of 
material topics
a. Describe the actual and potential, negative and positive impacts on the economy, environment, and people, including 
impacts on their human rights; 
b. Report whether the organization is involved with the negative impacts through its activities or as a result of its 
business relationships, and describe the activities or business relationships; 
c. Describe its policies or commitments regarding the material topic
d. Describe actions taken to manage the topic and related impacts, including: i) actions to prevent or mitigate potential 
negative impacts; ii) actions to address actual negative impacts, including actions to provide for or cooperate in their 
remediation; iii) actions to manage actual and potential positive impacts; 
e. Report the following information about tracking the effectiveness of the actions taken: i) processes used to track the 
effectiveness of the actions; ii) goals, targets, and indicators used to evaluate progress; iii) the effectiveness of the 
actions, including progress toward the goals and targets; iv) lessons learned and how these have been incorporated into 
the organization’s operational policies and procedures; 
f. Describe how engagement with stakeholders has informed the actions taken (3-3-d) and how it has informed whether 
the actions have been effective (3-3-f).
3.2 Our impact (a, b, e) 
10.2.5 Long-term equity-based incentive 
13.5 Key risks (a, b, c, e) 
4 Brighter Lives, Better World (d) 
4.1.1 Materiality assessment (f) 
Sustainability Supplements 2023 – Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (f)
GRI 302-1 
Energy consumption 
within the 
organization
a. Total fuel consumption within the organization from non-renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel 
types used. 
b. Total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types 
used. 
c. In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: i) electricity consumption, ii) heating consumption, iii) cooling consumption, 
iv) steam consumption 
d. In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: i) electricity sold, ii) heating sold, iii) cooling sold, iv) steam sold 
e. Total energy consumption within the organization, in joules or multiples. 
f. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. 
g. Source of the conversion factors used.
4.4.1 Climate action (a, b)
(c) i) 262,924 MWh; ii) 1,614 MWh iii) Not 
applicable and iv) 0 MWh 
(d) 0, Signify does not sell energy. 
(f) Signify reports actual energy consumption 
data based on invoices. 
(g) None, Signify reports energy consumption 
absolute values.
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (f,g)
GRI 302-2 
Energy consumption 
outside of the 
organization
a. Energy consumption outside of the organization, in joules or multiples. 
b. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. 
c. Source of the conversion factors used.
Not applicable as Signify does not have energy 
consumption outside of its organization.
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
34 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 35:
GRI 302-3 
Energy intensity
a. Energy intensity ratio for the organization. 
b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio. 
c. Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all. d. Whether the 
ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both.
4.4.1 Climate action. Signify reports operational 
energy intensity which includes stationary fuels, 
electricity, heating and steam. (a,b, c)
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (a,b,c)
GRI 302-4 
Reduction of energy 
consumption
a. Amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in 
joules or multiples.
b. Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all. 
c. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for 
choosing it. 
d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
4.4.1 Climate action (a)
Sustainability Supplements 2023  - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (b, c, d)
GRI 302-5 
Reductions in energy 
requirements of 
products and 
services
a. Reductions in energy requirements of sold products and services achieved during the reporting period, in joules or 
multiples. 
b. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for 
choosing it. 
c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used
435 million MWh (a) 
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Methodology 
for calculating societal impact, based on Signify 
scope 4 methodology, the reduction in energy 
consumption of sold LED and connected LED 
products in 2023 compared to conventional 
lighting products. (b, c)
GRI 305-1 
Direct (Scope 1) GHG 
emissions
a. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 
b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c. Biogenic CO2emissions in metric tons of CO2- equivalent. 
d. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i) the rationale for choosing it; ii) emissions in the base year; iii) 
the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. 
e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. 
f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control.
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
4.4.1 Climate action (a, b, d, e, f)
Not applicable as this data is not material for 
Signify (c) 
GRI 305-2 
Energy indirect 
(Scope 2) GHG 
emissions
a. Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2equivalent.
 b. If applicable, gross market-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2equivalent.
c. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. 
d. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i) the rationale for choosing it; ii) emissions in the base year; iii) 
the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. 
e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. 
f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control. 
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used
4.4.1 Climate action (a, b, d, e, f)
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (g)
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
35 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 36:
GRI 305-3 
Other indirect (Scope 
3) GHG emissions
a. Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 
b. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c. Biogenic CO2emissions in metric tons of CO2equivalent. 
d. Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories and activities included in the calculation. 
e. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including i. the rationale for choosing it; ii. emissions in the base year; iii. the 
context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. 
f. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. 
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
4.4.1 Climate action (a, b, d, e, f)
Not applicable as this data is not material for 
Signify (c)
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (g)
GRI 305-4 
GHG emissions 
intensity
a. GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization.
b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio.
c. Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or 
other indirect (Scope 3). 
d. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3 or all
4.4.1 Climate action (a, b, d, e, f)
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (g)
GRI 305-5 
Reduction of GHG 
emissions
a. GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 
b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3 or all.
c. Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. 
d. Scopes in which reductions took place; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect 
(Scope 3). 
e. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used
4.4.1 Climate action (a, b, d, e, f)
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (g)
GRI 305-6 
Emissions of ozone-
depleting substances 
(ODS)
a. Production, imports, and exports of ODS in metric tons of CFC-11 (trichlorofluoromethane) equivalent. 
b. Substances included in the calculation.
c. Source of the emission factors used. d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
Not applicable as emissions from ODS are not 
material for Signify.
GRI 306-7 
Nitrogen oxides 
(NOx), sulfur oxides 
(SOx), and other 
significant air 
emissions
a. Significant air emissions, in kilograms or multiples, for each of the following: i) NOX ii) SOX iii) Persistent organic 
pollutants (POP) iv) Volatile organic compounds (VOC) Emissions from NOX and SOX are at nonmaterial levels for Signify. 
24 v) Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) vi) Particulate matter (PM) vii) Other standard categories of air emissions identified in 
relevant regulations 
b. Source of the emission factors used. 
c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used 
42 tonnes CO2e for N2O, others are not material 
for Signify (a)
Sustainability Supplements 2023 - Data 
definitions, boundaries, and scope (b, c)
GRI 406-1 
Incidents of 
discrimination and 
corrective actions 
taken
a. Total number of incidents of discrimination during the reporting period. 
b. Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following: i) Incident reviewed by the organization; ii) 
Remediation plans being implemented; iii) Remediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through 
routine internal management review processes; iv) Incident no longer subject to action
This topic is covered under the Signify Integrity 
Code and Supplier Sustainability Declaration, our 
code of conduct for suppliers. 
13.1 Establish strong risk management 
environment 
Signify Integrity code 
4.3.5 Business ethics, discrimination incidents are 
included under human resources (a,b)
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
36 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 37:
GRI 407-1 
Operations and 
suppliers in which the 
right to freedom of 
association and 
collective bargaining 
may be at risk
a. Operations and suppliers in which workers’ rights to exercise freedom of association or collective bargaining may be 
violated or at significant risk either in terms of: i) type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; ii) 
countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk. 
b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to support rights to exercise freedom of 
association and collective bargaining.
This topic is covered under the Signify Integrity 
Code and Supplier Sustainability Declaration, our 
code of conduct for suppliers. 
13.1 Establish strong risk management 
environment - Signify Integrity code
4.3.3 Human rights, Supplier Sustainable 
Performance (a, b)
GRI 408-1 
Operations and 
suppliers at 
significant risk for 
incidents of child 
labor
a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of: i) child labor; ii) young workers exposed to 
hazardous work. 
b. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of child labor either in terms of: i) type of 
operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; ii) countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers 
considered at risk. 
c. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the effective abolition of child 
labor
This topic is covered under the Signify Integrity 
Code and the Supplier Sustainability Declaration, 
our code of conduct for suppliers 
4.3.3 Human rights, Supplier Sustainable 
Performance (a,c)
4.3.3 Human rights, Responsible Mineral Sourcing 
(b)
GRI SRS Disclosure requirements Reference to the Annual Report 2023
Supplement to GRI Content Index 2023
GRI Standard 102-8
Contract type by gender in % in 2023
Permanent Temporary
Female 98% 2%
Male 98% 2%
Not disclosed 100% —%
Contract type by geography in % in 2023
Permanent Temporary
Europe 96% 4%
Americas 100% —%
Rest of the 
world 98% 2%
Time schedules by gender in % for 2023
Full-time Part-time
Female 96% 4%
Male 98% 2%
Not disclosed 80% 20%
GRI Standard 401-1
Turnover rate by management level in % 
of total employee base
Percentage
Staff 72%
Professional 22.41%
Mid-level professional 3.87%
Senior-level professional 1.47%
Leadership 0.23%
Turnover rate by gender
Female 47%
Male 53%
Not disclosed 0.01%
Turnover rate by age group
Under 30 41%
30-50 46%
Over 50 13%
37 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
GRI Standard 405-1: Workforce gender breakdown 2023
Share of women in total workforce (as % of total workforce) 40%
Share of women in all management positions, including junior, middle and top 
management (as % of total management positions) 27%
Share of women in junior management positions, i.e. first level of 
management (as % of total junior management positions) 29%
Share of women in top management positions, i.e. maximum two levels away 
from the CEO or comparable positions (as % of total top management 
positions) 29%
Share of women in management positions in revenue-generating functions 
(e.g. sales) as % of all such managers (i.e. excluding support functions such 
as HR, IT, Legal, etc.)
20%
Share of women in STEM-related positions (as % of total STEM positions) 41%

Page 38:
GRI Standard 415-1: Public policy
Signify actively engages with governmental 
organizations, emphasizing the environmental 
and socioeconomic benefits of energy 
efficiency, the potential of connected LED 
lighting and joining public debates addressing 
sustainability issues. We share updates on 
initiatives and developments in this area on 
our website and in our Press Releases. 
As formalized in our Integrity Code, Signify 
adopted a policy of prohibition of 
contributions, in money or in kind, to political 
parties, political organizations or individuals 
engaged in politics. Signify takes part in 
industry associations and coalitions for 
sustainable growth and we share our 
contributions. The total contributions and 
expenditures amounted EUR 3.19 million in 
2023.
The largest contributions and expenditures 
are made by Signify to: 
• The National Electrical Manufacturers 
Association ‘NEMA’ to develop 
performance standards and promote 
product interoperability to increase 
market demand, while improving safety 
to mitigate risks (EUR 0.48 million).
• World Economic Forum which engages 
the foremost political, business, cultural 
and other leaders of society to shape 
global, regional and industry agendas 
(EUR 0.36 million).
• Lighting Europe to engage on Lighting 
Industry Standards (EUR 0.24 million). 
At Signify we address the following main 
issues with our contributions and 
expenditures: 
• Signify considers climate action a key focus 
area. Moving towards renewable energy 
and focusing on energy efficiency (total of 
contributions and expenditures of EUR 0.41 
million). 
• Within our industry we engage with 
associations to develop uniform standards 
in lighting technology and connectivity 
(total of contributions and expenditures of 
EUR 2.75 million).
38 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >
Type of trade organization
Geographic 
scope
Spend       
( € millions) Focus of membership (non-exhaustive)
Industry Associations Global 2.51
Sustainable innovation in the industry, 
climate action, scaling up action on the 
UN SDGs, common standards.
Coalitions for sustainable growth Global 0.68
Carbon pricing, sustainable cities, 
standards for impact measurement, UN 
SDG contribution.
Political contributions Global 0

Page 39:
7 EU Non-Financial Reporting Directive 
(NFRD)
Category Criterion Reference to the Annual Report 2023
Company business model Description 3  
5
Creating sustainable long-term value
Corporate performance
Diversity
Policy description 4.3.2
7   
8   
Diversity, equity & inclusion
Board of management
Supervisory board KPI / result
Social matters
Policy description
4.3 Brighter Lives
KPI / result
Risk 4.3
13  
Brighter Lives
Operational risks
Environmental matters
Policy description
4.4 Better World
KPI / result
Risk 4.4   
13  
Better World
Climate risk
Human Rights
Policy description 4.3.3  Human rights
KPI / result 4.3.3 
4.3.5  
Human rights
Business ethics
Risk 4.3.3 Human rights
Bribery and corruption
Policy description 13.1 Establish strong risk management environment
KPI / result 4.3.5
13.1 
Business ethics 
Establish strong risk management environment
Risk 13.1 
13.3
Establish strong risk management environment
Risk assessment and control
39 Signify Sustainability Supplements 2023 < ≡ >

Page 40:
Signify N.V.
High Tech Campus 48
5656 AE Eindhoven
The Netherlands 
E-mail: sustainability@signify.com
www.signify.com
Dutch Chamber of Commerce
registration no. 65220692
VAT NL8560.25.823.B.01 

